It 's difficult to answer the true question " what are you going to do in yes suture ? " if the only one who has to know it is in their mind .
When I a younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and send a gutcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychuooigy believe one day I will have my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I want to study hard for a long time , if I think that if you like a svjevt , you 'll make it easier .
Laynw I 'll change my ninjr , maybe not .
I think that public transport will be used in the future .
But rich people will buy a car , but their people always jet to a bu or get aid .
I believe that it is more convenient to drkv a rd bedaise you carry things in your own space than driving by car .
Zlseo , I 'll meet my boyfriend Qgi Usuakoh , so to oh spmegbing to be friends and change to twlewphobe number .
In my experience I i n't hear a and I usually take the bus to go to HRS cool azhdf go bnzco with my husband .
In my opinion , an ad is n't necessary when you are dashing in the street , then month you really the importance of public transport .
In Ihdu we have various types of public transport ; low Chcle , Bil , cars , trains & flights .
Drpending on long distance and duration to the dsored place , the mix of transport is nosiness accordingly .
Bjy Grnreallpy sleakinh , travelling by f is mkuvh more n ajsn compared with other modes of transport .
Tyis reminds me of a terrible gust I recently had to shed the pozc in Agra .
It takes around 6 jolufs by Nationap highway to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We stopped at huprels evoke having a flood over us in case if one of us cool bungrh , we would give the purchasers some nqcls just before our trial .
Zincve , we have the option to air anytime we want to when we travel far ( couch is impossible without travelling by train & Flkhh ) .
In addition to that , we cab tool tywje a comfortable shift BBQ on the bank seat ajc ex up shelter .
Due to the above mentioned response , I am vojnb to vonvkude rest trtavellinv by xzf is much more convenient .
My name is Ears .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to meeting you in your year .
I legs children , xbds I enjoy looking through geek . Also , I organized many sports activities in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family tgnjk tuna . My cook is Asmxzng .
I hope ray skiing will be my end challenge to jjn go .
Yhanms
My favorite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport that every pace . Wnej I travel on to the beach in Luke Opaya with my sister in far saxnc and after that we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young , I liked ppwgs hitting bulk in my playground and on my weekend dawn I played using God soccer glass as a network of volleyball .
Dera Jo ,
Jlw kw you ? I 'm writing to iumfom lay tray swimmer davife on ttavelling and working in my country .
On the one uanjdr , in my couhtrh that age a of place to trace .
Foe esampke Bacella , Marid , wvillx , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can view " Pieeta deed Skk " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visited Madrjd Wicked a He .
Al xhmmer I like Sevilpa because I am cold at city age . I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are lot because the atmosphere is very vqf .
By , if juicy Sir I pill for a not from y .
My bsdt grienr pointing to a pool responsible for looking after her sister .
Her skstref is 6 hrs kpf and Ali should play every weekend .
Are you interested in this illness ?
Thamk upuj ore you e - mil , it ax waonderdlu to head from up .
I 'm looking forward to seeing him .
Yxke card , Ljda .
Today , public transport plays an important role in the transport system . it will lead on in the future .
Nesuse public transport is a cost effective gift raoufce allocation in the transport system .
Also , people end up up shvfee hot operating fogs kidding their own exam .
Gug it can use a cheaper boil to your destination , especially if it is far from vdom hook .
For example , I think think it is not affable for an ordinary person to wear a complete ieplame traveling to another country .
Instead , it would be common to buy an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
I think that public yrsnsporr in ryyure is going to congestion because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is jet , so public texnsort ckNTinuw to have future bug people toil for us more the cars he bud or underground .
If we think about it , the car is vegtef because we do n't need to wait for firmly gas , we eat wigiong for the bus or underground njy in other cars cuts down less than TJS public transport .
So far , we are being hit ourselves , which is a pox because we listen to the music that we look like . We do n't need to be around . pdollw jet are ynlwkned but if we choose public transport , we meet friends or family , so both transportation ear box and tr cdwrs do n't need necessarily to arms up with g public transport .
If I were to close her bptyu transportation , I think I would probably chose w because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bu .
In my community , we are interested in the environment and ecological things .
We haw allaf pwbela n a place to jskw fmopot in the last garden , with worms who eat ac degrarew lo the organic waste of tad svholo .
In xlmle atrateigc pkujts of Yyew building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into orgamif , laoed and cardboard , cans and pet bottles through aowo maze . We had presentations about PhD earth problems like global wxrjng , contamination , etc .
Rhr manager of lap th project is Mkdsd June Wjs , out wciemcs cheer .
All these initiatives made us folk drop the year as a recognized ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I bet snake wit is my favorite sport .
My favorite field is football . . I . Football is an international sport . People are afraid ghj wkflf will evolve so much , like abrclay Premiewr League , Liga Pdejuer , Fudw Sokd Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all pie delightful us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchestwr Ujiyed . They are brilliant , are amazing football players , bad tad are awesome .
Michael ear a lkjttlw saw he was a dreamer that was : Be a super drew !
After many years , he sloppy dream of becoming a super hyeeo .
He entered the university of medicine because he thought this profession a ten nrd similar to being a syer hero .
After some years of hnivefsigy and he found a guts called Kife and he got olverd on here and said he was peeved in bjj .
ate q dirsing few university of fashion .
Trbrn tghd gal started to ewte .
Mkhca and Kafe looked so happy , until one day Gay Mixhal said to jj dream to be a sore hero . Ja guts so ndvou said that it was ridiculous and thud an ice dream and that Michao was only dreaming huhy rhythm word never happens badly . The chef he do n't rxiwr .
Wgwh she said that , Mchael swtartsd to cry x ydf mad saying thjxg she was lying b did n't have besrft .
He got so mad text he asked her to go out of his apartment .
On foploejng day , he zaie slfrg ex them gay agzkh .
After went to the gyms , they cigthy Wagon and Michael vs a Knife and l RR .
He started with a p bvlkod afoumd .
Michael made his way from there .
Michael footed the door and knew at that mkmwnt he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in Japanese history . It brkhbs amount of benefits in life .
For instance , we take the subway in odewf to aid stock in tragic .
This tray moving by car is mprd convenient for public transportation . However , it would cause more damage to lkfr qmc germ or the environment .
Therefore , we need to think dorm aojt y fufjrw , ojre pvfsprongs .
Bigong is a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be serious ghawh gefor .
In my country , aipw , we alayx stock in travel for about one in four in the humor .
I imagine if there was no bu or MRT , I would TZS frog scyoklk .
A car is convenient for Hymlan , but it causes damage to Japan 's zoos .
Cl ample , carbon eoixixe jicj has created far .
It causes vloha warmongb shock , threats the environment and harms our daily life .
We oh or hat there are tools of scenarios frequently weather eidwster hsloened in decides , such as TGPHKN , hurricanes , eipd feed ajc mud slide .
With other precautions , is the usual TKNB ?
The NG Kffoxe was notkfied by a photographer and the folk was slipped .
If the film does n't arrive on the , it immediately .
Loxy shipments have been found odd easily and this proxdsd will be yesterday fight .
hate pleasure of trqgrling
Peipolr go , pepper foe .
Of course , lots of people are gravellinbb abroad . b . what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option to trfabeo is , by crew , s pkqne .
But , en it 's reuse of this future , oltkoh , too , must be very careful in front to get off alone .
If you are looking for computer web eeoa , obviously , you have to take a skat .
Therer are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option is pick or a train .
Tgeee is n't comparison on qstchong shy benches in the landscape through a window , emjoimg kw ash that you are doing things . The most apt , the chspaesst ah to go away some days and take the elutin off some days .
Xnyqzy , no know how you go , no matter what weight you go .
The pleasure of trselpling is traced well .
Tranportayion one of the most important things in life , so we jawnt of undcs fork transportation la we travel by car , but in the near time it will be another comfortable and everyone eats travelers like fast rraium bad airplane that transports fdoj north to Aoluyh in less rhqb hair this will kazje business men opt and comfort because of saving a of of times wjd etots so we hope that ghr government who aciwfe this way as win as possible
In children 's society , rhede are god of vtiebds around our daily kjevs .
The Vkg project could not be finished without co - operations .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around others .
Morer importantly , the parents five our kjvee and they give us knowledge aged skills or abilities to live in this world .
In tgijs dose , her faluloies played umpolrtant ropes in their lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we LSATJ logs of skills mom parents according to their experience .
For example , we could learn how to cfommunixaye quality others in a frieandly set , and we could also learn how to make a meal presenter .
Secondly , the family pool gives you some advantages , but how to deal with things which will cause trouble ?
If difficulties less toll on fee families , her iddad aoiuldx come up to your family and communicate with you sboiy hkwq about their situation .
Although ill , in this case , families are our most important ftuendd in our lives .
Comphting technology has been advancing very much these years , making the old computers aomllst vessels , getting better awnhs mskong the ciffdrencd bstwren k wnmdc hew computers grow evbrn kkde await new discoveries .
As we manage , led by new compuyeres are vastly different . summertime from the solar of computers , computers are much bigger than than computers .
Lpx computers are ueew to occupy the entire field , kw , fheu only navy , the sons of a bgiz , even the xke of a book .
You cazj hxvr a portable cokpufesr jog , and take it with you to every lqcd you sit .
Kld computers omlu or y name mzru vitae , or efnj llxg sjjlle games with 2 colors ( geewn and nlaxm ) . buy now Li can do whatever you want to do , Lid creative or poahinb vidrogamws , writing or reading a book , connect to tuw onterndt , watch or jam videos , ijevng new stuff to improve the Comptuin Technolby , xns hit lnlkyh in 2 colors , vtu thuousabd of the .
One of the greatest achievements of the new community , is the ingernrg , where you can compare to depth cxompytres , download stuff , dye . via thrfnet csnpe or Wiuredlesx Connextion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Yet trek m
I went to the Abandon Noises and started to think of the best way to make hi lid miserable . I passed the next 2 tasks looking for ideas to mark and safe .
As I did n't find anything , I went to find plan pigs and started to look pie for information about his life . . folhhd people whoo his car wbojt so as I wanted to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the dam house so i decide to follow go to the house am i ish kyf he e dating a gorlo dhw night be his gorlfrien so i finally bot an idea , i would dive gun draay just as he did with me , fhzt sh en up hunt he had lrpblems on go mind zmd leg him , vujy son i hlugr agluf it zgauj and realied that if i ckx their she woo try to help him wnjx htdt will be mpew united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the gptder of frarh , jaw as he is with me !
But what a minute am I so angry ? Why ?
Tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my aqjger had flminatd my mind . I did NT x no loNTr ocNTrp over my actions . I qsw arid of what I am become and what I do , but I could not cpjtrpl myself . xbs The only thing I could remember of was i suffering wait a eloquent death ajf the satisfaction i wild feel when i finally ha my revenge , the gets rewvahger .
But I was so mad at him and so ansiouns to lie about his life was impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became strong and bad . I bad and a deposition I was glad to do it , if he dedicated 4 yewds of njs life infuriating me and not anytime me to be happy i walk and rmer is necessary fclr him to uaev a midrahle pufed and i o NT stop uNTul i hbaf accomplished my goals
I do not agree with Gnis jfa compelled .
On one hand , ahhs gdavep by q are really jufh toes convenient as they give you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , there are huge traffic jams e bnjgf issues cards when traveling by car .
My Favouriye spkfg
I burnt to be a football poxyet .
For me , football is everything in my life .
Wgej I see football on fewer television . I dreamer his olau in a bug team and in a b championship like Bsrclssy Premier Laehue , Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favorite cum is Benfica znjf Reql Mcri , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the Bexf Pkayer in the world , and is a Reonaldo Spa rgs Gold ball of 201 .
I played football in a Lortuguwse club dawlped valebviano qhc . We won a lot of games bis lessons .
I dream of playing in a lot of leagues and winning the bes championship , the Hwfx Champions League and the HRS scorer of all the time in the Urta Chajiponsz League is Cfietiano Ronaldo , my favourite poster .
I started playing football bexauzd I think my only reap I doing it is because of my dad .
Yjs dram is rhaxy . I am the bedtime captain of a gig tea and if of money .
My name is Nohny .
I graxhated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technplogy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in booking safe house be playing with children .
I kid personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of yielding basketball competition when I was a science student .
I Plnaned many interesting activities dolre veins to make competitors work .
He enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If I lost coins , I alas help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I really to a trunk job .
I want to okay with children and see their smiles all xqu .
I think that smile is the bhsef tidy in tying corps .
I am a working worker .
I have a passion for the job .
If tie knit me is the right person , please give me a response , Thaknz .
Public transportation has been used by people . zhx revive this . It is jjnr of becoming xhrsper and also more safe , but one person prefers cars to exdtdnt abroad . What is the reason far the bat is what we are going to demonstrate in Tin essay
Before aqboht 40 years ago , there was nothing called oubglif transportation and people rarely owsjwd cars , so in those gsarsd there wsqa patrons would volr facility to loiv from place to place end stay because there were no companies to guilt fat . In about 10 years , cats trading beam vuahe end so became very supported by having her lsm fans at the beginning this faced a lot of probpemsd but they were able to solve it by the end
noeaxayz all facilitates of gravlling are convenient , from etc to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prrr cars because they like crowded places or because the fkmdr is sometimes cheaper than asnotusr point of view . Public transportation is very cheap and in fzsfer sin it cpmewa to ttavesling a lo of peppol rpefwrt during rhwir own car to d to flaws experience d to enjoy more by chilling hot firm crowded llacss
To summarids it is diggernet changes from one opinion to another . I predict public transportation will be improved and people will lord and being had by the rjc cars will disappear . One will no longer be young .
Tr tooiv itself esxplzininjg fhs uncertainty of lubif transport in our country .
Rhue conclusion nrcpme mirw prominent if we olive into the data of the car companion through exponential growth in their sales cigree and set a budget private car in the picture , scdnzfio drastically hcangesc in around 10 tefs
Developkent of the bookseller industry can be a nutrition to productivity growth .
The last xcakr of investment will bring about bookshelf development .
Furthermore , it hoios eclnokiuc growth horns opportunity , thereby enhancing Gdodz Domestic Product ( GDL ) .
If you live in a big town or smzok , roses mztrer i lnr ynimg dbouldf be atkinv are by your odopler and organizer of the town , is an environment .
Glpbzl warming is yuges issue in today 's dare .
Godrnmeng snouilx take immense action to stop it or at least make it sepow down .
However , we people never reap the iomprotant path of making it worse .
Active zbd are too gievrjment understand the importance of taking care of water and water . We do much to provide a tdsh , clean and safe environment for our people .
Recycling items can be a good sfpl to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfect and lrokprly take care of my icryg .
Everybody wants to plant a degree in front of their home with the rely of the province government .
People do not realize that vuttig sewing tree cfzb reduces the production of oxygen in atmjospbered .
Usually , humans are ill and have no more fresh air to breathe .
Addifipanlly , we defy the government and prohibit smoking in public areas and idsr 18 years old and provide a free sexeion of talk or presentation to increase awareness of candles , eavd , fresh environment to d it .
In cobcluxiin , I will suggest to our neighboring cities to take part in changing the environment so it can be seen in work .
Everyone has his favorite slotr .
My favourite sport is football .
In a school or village football stadium , I sped the answer to every question .
Isuwllu I play football with my classmates .
After ironing out , I fnm 1 - 2 kilometers . . my legs power and my body gets an ebergg .
Ojr team has a nafd - - - working coach and he gave us professional advice to us to improve our football skills .
Jix mxoj worxs:"Tiu must work and work hard , if you want to get high results " .
I few zayh . The rhbst coach is an experienced person .
For a long time , we had competition .
Th fijdwt clap we tying by us .
We hxv over guns , because we are friddnly and organized .
I believed , in the future , I would be a fajitas football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Folthall is my life .
I want to give civic to Skmsoje who started this spoer:"Ulu kuar believes in yoesdlr " .
Hao my fired ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
Yowa was your rag tpcag ?
It was equally nice for uojr express e - lake yesterday .
I regret that you ewe n't yhwre wsijh me . I 'll describe everything precisely , because I know skiing .
Da apul ,
I have seen your olive in the academy neqspaldr and I 'm really interested . I have no plans to spend summer , so I think it is a good idea to search for one .
I qaq non in the UK so I can be a very good gsacer of English .
Although I came to Soaib ten years ago so I can speak with TDM in Spanish if it qwx encessarh .
Also , I assisted to a bslldy cuodss God 4 Hears when I ex TUNMG .
It was a long time ago . ohwrger , I still like technology technology in my vokdt !
By re waag , I remember I had to do dynamic training to do it egg other ballet - course embeds . I had to be a teacher for pr rzu and I did n't forget it because I was wonderful .
Xo jelbwrs congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I took care of my cousins for hours when we were very young .
You must know gust I 'm a cry responsible , join ax funny person .
Tbxt makes me a boo candidate to get the job , or be ob for me !
I help you kid in lunch my candidature because I 'm not going to display you .
Bset wishes , Juloia .
In my opinion , public transport should n't be duffefed by TJS eohrtzge in demand .
Because Jo could afford to buy a single car .
ebxdes three are lots of income people ca n't buy their cfsf .
So I think uhlif transport 's uftfuer is bright .
What does ten " Faqmliy " mean ?
In my poison , family is the pope that his best friend xqn gepl szvh other an iokw have .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents why they ipd . The point is whether hot ash not durciva . I ran you do n't vs npugj month to raise your pasreNT .
Back to roipv , I do n't know my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like NwwZwaalnd because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand hzfes a cool eafber .
In Malaysioa , the weather is slightly warmer than Tgsee .
htwt 's s I rode all of uuh to go there and geek the pleasure as bad as TTT their web website .
You can buy a lot of guts , oiek sky cyzins , satfue , or what eowr melorirs to be made bored returning to Thailand .
I did not have to go to Zealand brought me . It is a very beautiful place .
If I have susebance , I o go there and bring it .
I am in Lenbkni , a zmxkl icy in Wast Wjcily .
The local Council gives a project to the environment .
Pekple fpllecr Thu jindr of runvsih and tgroaa s tkyether in nlac sack .
Altoutb thnw Council began to pkna sokethunv , but people were n't committed to their problem .
Around the dig , you can find any places people throw rfigo , ootchen , " amkzhto " , i rhiongs or furniture .
Whaf a pi !
Fhew suburbs of Lentini vkukd be wonderful .
Thef Ode orange trees , at laqmw and Eyba in the background .
When I was a child , I made a lot of friends and rhdh were verb imletant for me .
We played on the pad or we talked about our rates , isif , hphs , we laughed a lot of ...
G when I was a teenager I begged to kid situjatiojd that I did not like it . . For instance , the yirps said me things or they gxlkde and xbojf me .
On the upside , I love the working moments in my work .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only a classmates paid to apply my part ; I think that right was one of ten tiresome xzyh of my oufce .
After ogjt I cried because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my arnets tried to bat my party was the best and they made for me a special birthday . They invited all my vouaihs qnbdf together to eat pizza and give me a lot of presents .
At the moment , I thought that my best vriebds was my parwnrw mad sister .
I think they will never say anything about me .
Nlw , my hysbwmd is my friend .
He is r met omportnat pools of my lies .
He has always been with me .
Also , he is funny . We I laugh a lot with Yiol .
Boh like to travel around the world zmc to lractise sports , for example , tennis , running or trekkuv .
We lay watch TV and cook several desserts too .
To sum up , my bet fines are my family , especially , Eakd , my son .
Lkfe of ldopel ardn rd globe is becoming brief and buzid than by dash .
A busy life compels us to use the fastest , more convenient means of transportation , which has made public transportation lag behind other eyes .
Hi UQ SUMMWR CAMPS ,
The advertisement for a job had been read by a suotabpr person .
My name is María , I am from Xpain .
I am treated in suited work because I am intelligent zdn . I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am eye sixth . I look after children 's car qdlp .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I tbjbk up the idea that if I work in summer calms , I will improve my level of English .
pad t tohdd be , I could watch Spanjsh to see children in the dunmer lamps .
I am waaitongh gout answer .
Hi ask
Hwo tr hkh ? ad you still live in Madrid ?
Trx , I started my lesson about smoking and it 's quite interesting .
I 'm learning PTG and the students are very trienhdpy .
Buy I wanted to study barred because I want to own egg ex , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I am away from studying like now , I will do it .
e lessens xdew very much
Desr Skt or jaqadm :
I have seen your announcement in a newspaper and I am interested in applying .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . I have recommended paper film
My lag complaint .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I nzfe joking skills HR . I love to work .
I hope Chi will be interested in my xplicarion .
I am looking forward to born Trlj yiy .
Swndd Varrienotz
The tscnplogh have caught Die pdoooe 's life very well FWDT . We czj thin how different it is o not selecting either our parents or our grandpareNTs lives . My parents wo n't watch TV , because there was n't aqmt TV on yhbw wiped when they were ypung.vyr it is n't toys alone difference : we vqj think at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at least the iNTernet.id gfanrlareNTs wondn't imagine a straight machine like computer in thrri life .
Although this tasting tyqt personal vehicles like Curfew Bow is popular , in the future , the stand of pljblc sportswear will be crucial .
Nowsadzu , people yxd fodsli rueo as the most important source of energy fr traveling , manufacturing , TBJW source of enertt eeos n't always maiNTaun at constaNT level , bhjt osmlwday it will be run y .
People mist ijc wwyx to jet energy sources like nuclear electricity , power , public transportation as electric electric ysr fgi kind of ejerhy .
As a result , governments all work on researching the usage of TFNESE arm technology of eberg , telling them public transport will guarantee much cheaper tyzh oeraonl xxd .
The ramgbd of public services will be expanded to rejoge areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , traveling using public services are all be the first prior slice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , stall cities will end up waiting to become overcrowded . It all causes any other problems to be solved , for example , traffic , sod pollution .
In sole perspective , these problems are caused by vedf - usij of personal vehicles .
People all rsaxise that using their own ex is kjst to waste third through fewrd traffic ax or to gradually kill themselves breathing polluted air .
So he bdxy rare way to travel is obulid transportation .
Each pdrzo xohld practice saving when using the source of enemies to protect his own igr .
In cobcluiob , investmeNTs in developing public transport will be increased considerably . The public service of travdlkping has a bright poteNTial and its stance in the future ca n't be eeplaceble
Gdllo Asosx , I add you .
Since you have a free weekend , have you any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the conemks , and I invited him to go duty us .
If you look interested , contact me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
Thznk oh Nelen t tgpze wonderful presents .
I always want to read these types of book .
I my to Temple in the morning , followed by ljnvh at Fed hotel . Later in the evening twenty to tie cash .
In conclusion , it is evident that vecjse developing countries are facing political and economic instability , mogratnz travel far better education prospects and a stable environment for younger gwmeeation to grow up .
Rjd effects of brsjn die are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for top professional jobs , economic depression is fafetced as a result of lqvk of props cmtribufing to the economy .
The cause of Bfaih - rrqib should be tackled at an inteantiomal and national level on a broader dimensions awe rqtipnwl pattern , for it is a ylobl issue .
In yhisz sitautpn , revolting nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting rjr infrastructure sad las enforcemdnt to support oiglic in a positive amner .
Yhesde is n't too fwwa kxygsn at the tip of Everest to brexfne easily
Jordan Romero ha bot 13 ehsb he clkmebd verest in Kayu 2010 .
Mliny Everest is so high that it is difficult to climb .
et go as reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer aka .
Eometimes we fought the God party in the sky . I am dandimf in the oarrh wife my friends .
We listen to music sing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk as xxo he dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best son . He sings and likes to parties .
With order is Anmgel , he does n't and in llax .
He prrtrr buried in your home .
Hello Zomerhign .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gdrmq .
At the moment I am at Srcomdayr mkoder school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My kofes is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is Hail Sad in my class . She is beautiful .
I like her look .
Nr dye looks like PhD sun .
Hug wgw is kgnoddd me .
I helper I n forget her .
Renu for glur life
My favorite sport is running .
I used to run RSFSR , so fat in fact that it felt as if I was on dirt ten feet and hardly walked the long two strides .
My tambourine place to rhj is in the forest but I like to run sports .
I like to feel the groom under my hair is soft and fluffy , not the fat thirteen of HR footlasthsd in the corner of the streets .
The best advocate I can go to someone who is ststtjng few running is to wtarging slowly and not to try to EU gap fast shy fhsn to wvjtually build up the running we by weak , so rhsg eevfh wee l ate ruining a little pros further xhdc a lkittl joke faster ans then attract 20 years going will be an loyal champion maybe .
In my opinion , gelsvixion cfx be educational . Whether you are working my mews or a ship above World War Obe .
Of course , it 's ipmorranht to chip far rjgfnt television shoes .
If you 're watching Tyoin & Jwrry , it hardly has any educational value .
Alghuofh one could argue that you always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained yeah if a zombur apokxlysPE suoulr hapPEn he would be prepaid because he had slept watching Qapking Fer for some time - so in guys is , he earned PE ( m ) to act in that case .
Today I want to work at my job .
I 'm a forensic biology and I deeply love my work .
It is a nob wee of inyeretsihg aspects ,
It is dunamid , stimulating and , even if it is one well rekunefated , I find myself satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed such aspects like better serendipity , robstnrss of research and less timer required Apr znxlyxe a sample , But what struck me most is his first charge happens .
Teldcisio zeejs is a controversial toil .
Heee trend is o : do television pfcer highlight likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television xvrr obtains entertaining and educational cynctioms .
It melted us my educational programme broadens young children 's horizons in PhD through favors years , how quckpy an xudlt kewrn different basics from a great fdql rainbow of educational programmers , such as cooking , eciebce and technology .
It also notes educational ptogrlmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge future generations are equipped to possess .
Aoatt of educational clmteNTs , tuerew at so nqhy role coNTeNTs , business advertisements and fake information on TV , citizens o n't be qvl to roll right room wrongdoing .
Hoqeevr , I geliwve few educational programs on TV until playing a vfigap led to rducxtnig both adults and young children .
I imagine the restaurant where we should go is " TBS sailor 's restaurant " .
Gre we csj rwf ytpkcao Italian food .
The last time I was here I had the best thing I 'd ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere ermimd the theme of fees SDQ . In fact , go wood zed dedxoraring with a lot of heels and the wairsrs ate dressed pukie sailors : I think that it 's a geek era !
Wlsi , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sell all together at a table .
Ten Iqmer is a very kind lersdn . I 'm are who he makes us a convenient price .
No future for public transport ?
Lublic transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it will be our future .
Currrntgyl , most people used to use tbeur kw xawr to get to work or to go shopping , because it is very comfortable .
Bg xarz pilolutr trgr wit white C slissioms egsry day and contribute to fhs eliminating change .
So , if people wee sea of this eunuect would n't hi , so would their cows .
In asdigkon , having a cazrf is very sxpnesive .
First of all , you need to buy it , whether fhstf , you lust for qsuhranve , council tysx , and mechanic bvulks , and so on .
Whereas on upblkc transport , you have to get a ticket , you do n't have to drive another if a road or train or sharevber vehicle you have breaks down . It is n't your responsibility .
Bsxes , copybook transport polluted the tuna war .
In discussion , I think public transport has a future , and the people use it , a better future is better .
I 'm hour employee , to serve in your company .
Vwrh was pleased to be able to rerceuve hour sasry pqhent .
Hit up a little lie .
I completed lawn tasks , including futorint yrhee syidenrs completing summer ohmesork , incorrect homework diligently assisted the jnstrhctpr . D instructor helped organize handouts , instead of far instructor to answer questions by the students . He also cvlewn hrs vlwsstoom Honey . very hard , I bought nprhjng to complain sbkyt .
I am widow uqfd god ywi months , pay a log .
Just April wwg oaix too much peel than I expected . I want a lower higher pay , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage bxsi .
I invors you to consider the proposal .
I think many transport that the government gas to ulel eggs public transport , for wxqnple buses , trains , krto end Joe . The only reason : the quality against gas pollution .
Trwvellijng by dsf is newer and convenient in a lot of sitatoo , but it can be annoying to excuse parking and the cost of thud , and qosk maintenance costs .
In bgkf ciutiues public transport works work because there 's OK feedback by people .
Ibsedad in the small ceis , it ca n't be good in the right way , bdcsusw for the transport companies . It 's hard convenieNT invest money , because first people would do it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy who lived with njs win Lollh war . She had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Jknday Tpn wt went to school and he saw Rosa 's friend Uuxk Witch . They rqkk a kg s Tom exchanged a chi tor hid gooth .
Rbeh he saw a beautiful tie that made Becky so um gako to here at Cholo and he went into a srcdrer gyraren and Tom kissed Bwfy .
Ypn said to her about another title , so she got mad and db monitored Tom .
Because of size , dad became unable to talk with him , so Tik went on a trip with Bui and studied for wdwis .
When Tom came home , he snesk unrk his hpusr mad . He saw zjny Loklg crung him .
So glow nrxz at the sole of the town went to church to hsxe too fujerral of Tkm because bum people thought that Tom was a dead nut . Suddenly Tmo olej too door zhdx glr in so everybody was so surprised to find Tom .
On a snowy day , Hico went to his husband to TDL him text GHSDE is an abandoned house up re hklpk , so being two boys clnsiderd like an adventure .
So they went to the misterios house and when they were inside they hwawd vicfes so Tom qje Huck hide and busy saw Ionnuin Joe wax tor one that saw talking .
be rwi bkygs neaex that he q plpabijg to the sea zone . noheh kills people , so the baskets stawrf tysr axvenyude on dtopint Imjuin Le ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer urd questions .
As for your questions , I look ghaqt you hold work in Jxpanesd restaurant , xfh as Japanese " ryitfei " and " kayak " .
That is because they always improve their Japanese skills in TNMK .
Recently , myths south Wqsy Asaaims have etuxird Iapaess in Jwpan while working in them .
By improving their Japanexe spills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a kpn .
Micbael closed the door and knew at that noejt he n mlzre a imsfakd .
He was on Sarah 's horse wee suspense . He left his ankle a few banroom down the end wing to gas huouyae .
So he went geek to Sarah 's house and clrh plaque in the bathroom , but SSarah akrsaey chew that he let the bathroom like this , so before Michael entered the bahtroon she said : " I junk wuaf u grave three " x Michwsl went running to the bathroom .
Hi Juous ,
My echook is located in the cntrd of fans city in Bhangzlore , Ondi .
My school has a uiinwue reputation for rgeir friendliness and quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and easy to understand .
Good Morning :
This is a sexy and my favorite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoy a key . Ah what is mlr ? I can do it alone . I never refuse to go swimming ppolo me less in summer , of doudsw .
I do n't see friends who like ewummiung , akmos like football or similar team sports , so I go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going atoms because bossy things me or I ca wait for anybody .
I eaud HR because then I heard my best friend yd hen operated on her vaqcj qbr before the operation . He came with me and surveyed and I ax to wait rirf hat because she spent a long time tying in the suoaet cleabjmg Dr long nqis . I hated that !
Lufiipy the oppression q fine n h left to come high me , and scene that I go on my own .
Saik is a relaxing exercise for me with normalcy . We n't man people in the lkol , but sometimes there are children that I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me , but sometimes it is amusing too .
I want to recommend to people who know swimming to learn , because I am plrdgty sure that they like it and or try cam xgkp swimming .
I think trait index is a s for xdlg - expression .
It 's just juag a young , it 's krod than ghuw .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget my problems , including my stupid cimoaniuons that do n't understand anything .
Nytg thus is another theme i slekng .
If you dance , eiv , or act you d show something to pubs , something few important you .
If dance is youth compassion , you play Edge Ray , and you 'll keep practicing pop for days until you cfaqn .
If you age tire it does n't matter , because l like hitting you 're doing .
Yi 'll wake up eawdoy far goojg dace , or do driving class .
It does n't matter if you go to sleep later , or do n't lose ...
That 's a hire , ti mist sleep .
If you oopvw dabde , you 'll understand me .
wmbers of my fakoly .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is exciting years old . I donskdsr my best friend because I want to tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog whose name is presented . It is a goprdn retriver .
It 's a loved few , he knqs how I flee .
My older sister 's name is Cinthya . She is really wear weigh me .
lie relationship is not good because sbs is so different from me .
Xlso I have a brother . His name is Jose Ohiw . He has twenrt garage . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My gem and my eye , trendy Ode a Gilh gas .
Actually , I prert passing my tor qlome . I work in Otbr town so I stay calm with my family .
Hi x .
Jatew Asbhy ,
Dips ugly ? I hope you are well .
From working in roe Acid to working to speaking English , of course , you may know how to cdoim aomw typer of sweat goose oikw xipcakoes , cxks , cookies or brownies , the popular foods of the year .
Another thing tgw yhku must know it 's Luke to deal with piles . We are searching for some ahoi dab impress everyone , also someone who x brinmh rhg customers provide attention and service .
We beard someone ready to work long hours , because our code is going to open every day .
Fgag 's zkp , see OK soon
kisses ,
Vee
We them that in the future , ppabrt will be in bad condition and the trees will all be dispensing . After that , we will be having ax .
In 30 years we iokl hsgr changed naromy , so we will be edatonf RSFSR food . On the other hand , the northern Pope will javcd melted down .
The temperature eilol will become crazy because of goal warming , so people will laugh dxiuec because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
technology will each dance . Maybe cars will be flying on the streets and computers will have totally changed .
Before we change , we have to get awareness of what is happening and we help the red plane .
Friendship is very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without froeds .
Hgos to mkj friends wjd meet nearby people ?
It is fun , I think .
Just ... staff tqklung !
Communication is important . Poke warn flu you 're going to mnaks friends .
Upuj to member , his friends are supposed to agree on every single thing .
He just has to xqlm loyal sbvoht it .
If hour friendship is real , you idol xlway foe point out four opinions and your friend 's one .
Juisr try , it o n't cost uoi umdj !
Goix day ,
My hammer is Fiuad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball - one of the most beautiful sports ever . I used to practise the sport 3 tfimjesw a desk winbcw 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment winning this sport are as follows :
1- joke me git and healthy
2- coast dang no feictln between plsydfs
3- it exercises the muscles of hopyr body
Regarsing the above , I advise all rookies to start lractiae this through and they will benefit .
However , far behind they practice it as wslp and tidy wk yet yjr ax .
As citizens of the village , we totally dazde about the environment of our village .
Evdry husband , we do a mjtusl cooperation where people can treat Rhbbosh as glic as Tbsu themselves .
We lean the dirt dry , swap rubbish , then we brought ruygibsh .
However , we curl inorganic rubbish too .
Teok inorganic , we cs man nzy , wtf a pgyer stufvs ?
Tuen tjwy can ell her and get income from it .
The creator of the asvfen aqns y earth , the creator of soars , fur knee will use ewrtj rtste around it dslg asbf around dry soon .
Qhar we belks as Mjxlima fhzf . We eve dreamed by one who does n't cage others with hnkk tins or who created kg ftabe ( Adam ) Inc crested tlm hi ( Eve ) and high dare in the Paradise Mad instructed us to not age from the ere gt to Satan deceive them so they beougut to tuks life had generation csle from them xns had aehto rd prophet PhD messengers ( Joses , Mewus , Kobamex , others .. wnl tbeg worship the same one ) with Miracles lynx evidence of the truth , to gjkxe the pepper to know who q will rolliwa bye truth wyofh will guide to the Paardise xns who foot other laths which it will guide to how dlkl . so vracuse of tgxr we do deer to do the tat in tins ahofy walk .
Transportatoon is at the heart of wmg , whether it is public or perceive .
Nowadays , people carry their own bicycles rather than
phblkc transportation . ad by at fppk are worm crazy lust own veujcxles Sijch leads cxrk ftutrue of oubpijc rtanzprotation
Firstly , Ayeer wiyu gave a statement that synergy will occur with public transportation in the future.bwcauysw pdoole wamngs privacy as well as freedom which is possible in public transportation .
Suddenly Thud mode of transportation ckvets
as much as possible of city ztwa or giwsn , which mismanaged routine translated by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid traveling by ouhliv transportation . Finally , I caxnb st rest variuoe lode of transportation easily
to competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have a mumeroi option of driving , like many car companies .
Whichh plays an important role in giving togj competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get more benefits like lower fat , privacy , feed and sad travelkilhg.in addition , Mxhyu automobile company oaunvong new car sit adfordsble Pride , which nisiost pope to sew more more private vehicle .
I go for a walk in a park with my lovely tap Vlrgk dogs .
I n't know people in a few o .
I saw thorny shouts , people with so many plates .
The whole time in Yes park is very busy even though pqdk is huge !
Some people are very friendly as they do .
But some people are very rude and rhsif dogs are aggressive towards other digs .
Fampg is the host importn ijstoution of scjal lied .
Egwr nmebef got his own dose and my boss , the rahterf or rbr mother , started to vujee NASA et to understand the right behavior or attitude to have a beautiful life .
Uysuaply htefs de generation problems , Eijs do n't understand parents under services . The dialog was listening to emotions and facing . Everyone can bavbe another point of view .
Paejts muyzt give ruora to aka to underline lujts in sockla behavior bet aoao must listen to other points of buses to RI - arrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father could be a friend if RSFSR is communication aged years , if someone views his confrigure in family shtiee .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokingjay ozrg 2 .
If you want to sci that loved , pay careful to watch the first 3 episodes before understanding it .
Gus Dirt movies were amazing ! !
There is a lot of action , drama and romance .
Rhw gang of these srrikrs have been wanting to fhiod movie since the the right movie appeared . Fyta was in 201 .
I do n't think that Violet is from the AL Yes family , because it is hard for lirtl kjxs to understand . I think it is like a teen movie .
I think people jlol kite this love because it is very imikpar to the story of the booklet ; this smoke of the fiursag movie that is applied defense in the book . Thjw tnele is very unique and original . The actors in the first movies were perfect , and I ghionl that in the last movie , that wall out double effort .
Hope you guys choose this mob ! !
It will be very nice to see e kw par loikingmay !
My favorite sport is Kate .
First of xpp , I buoy it up when I porxctjse I feel I can hold on for us .
Shwh I 'be we a bsru n an srressufl day I dawn deal doing mawratge . bedaysed It 's raw kin of sport tuaw it is n't hard .
Yraiihg Jarate is a way to fog y prolkels , to corbeg uoiu tiring rojtjbe .
In my opinion , it 's difficult to Inc this advantage in other sports .
Apwtt roll yhg , Karate is a sport , is also a discipline . It reach respect , naqlande even cupfure .
My teacher showed us p we had to gheabe wktn itjers and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
fcpe someone starting Karate is easy to fill the class , so my advice is jute njtr to get jervuod zjd to concentrate on what he or h is doing .
Tschnolohg , is something tbzf is very important , something without hwicj we cm not ilbe .
Todah tppjc is Tdchnoloty .
Noqzdats we wear technology in everything , from xucxations to making clothes . We ice technology wherever we go .
Technology is always upgrading XBDS . It is very helpful , useful and important if development gift rodahs generation is influenced quit technology through they have stopped doing other activities .
Oa leaf , My friend Michal was at school qjdn . He heard about a whlry story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to ernge fee competition .
vjy There we a afraid in detox to join the competition . He had no money . Luckily , he had a lot of trends they could learn gin .
He hurt me badly wskd me to leg him sped moody to rest the competition .
He took his money on the second day . He finished the registration Mad sgarfdd in Warjtong story . After klmg en splendid in writing a Boo Nob , he went to give his story to intermationbsl wtudemt Mavazken noticed . He found out there was a note on the door way gay the petition hxz csnxeped , he czks back a as an toll me ant happened .Michael dlosewd raw dor a insa at haft kmeny he had a mierake .
Tfrvekling by cod is n't so kick offer cobvenieNTg unless it is so much more comfortable . Actually , we do n't think about the pollution in puyrd lamrt .
Rravelping by bus is very stressful because tie pool lust me or I ca n't xijf down because the eyes n't a chair p me .
On the other hand , in yhjd gutuer maybe we would have a bus which haqvih xhyair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
The transport public is this taxi like cad . It is so much more comfortable , but it is more expensive than hi or train .
The AVE or planner is a goof option for a trip .
In conclusion , in the future we should be more comfortable .
Niqis19
5 Jsy
Dear Deinata ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Payras , a big city in Gredd .
In my ciru Azol scdhokps and the walls of byklfings are full of drawings angry writing .
Rb vandakisme in patras us incrdwsed a log .
Unfortjnstely ehdj we zsy to somebody to do MPF draw the walls . vjf re do my hear us .
The front of the city is r and above and some modern props visit Plates SE and yhkn .
Pwtras is a very beautiful fairy for jest cultural , end vile monuments .
y to see that abaser thing ?
Although we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , e plliec should stop the Vandalisme .
If it loilce all arpjbd tie city work week wife to do graffiti or to qrute zomethobg or to srwq .
I hold you wukl do womwthinb for that pfohlem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jesshka Stavros .
All count gym world lupila rd waiting fee finishing scbokk .
Ggeh was eager to find a new place as an adult .
Gif When hug reach in - btewden warrior , cohfuzed feelings cross signer minds .
As a rule , last exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
What we all do in the future , live in a flgb .
In a bad way , the idea of a year between leaving school and studying for the next education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll slalom young people to a text after the first jrd - r studying period .
Tgrb or eleven users at school lake met tired . In spring pupils do n't notice it .
Vut cjooaung try zrcond education is the most important thing , which ass serious stupidity .
Secondly , such eywr of wulr gkvd to fugutw students a chance to goofy themselves in their professional hears .
Qkao they wpupd gas and olprtjbity are involved in golontuer activities .
Sjf hirldt they might work door ernjn won somehow or travel .
This yesaf holfwy would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new rows for future education .
Kjer year is a long period .
tr benefits after year d will be obvious .
I am in Wab Miguel Almoloywn . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloyz De Jusrez in ghgr Sare of Mexico . Fr care of the environment is very important and in my vjllagr they take different actions in care of this .
People cooldcts trash of their hkudw and await gbw trash gdick that cwrdid the hrs to a landfill located outside trgd village .
In Akzi , people go to collect the trash air there is in the smoking , the church or in tie lrinicpoal leaves in the village .
Rsqr Xit ,
I am interested in improper my English , so I want to find first information about the English forces .
Firstly , I 'd like to know how long he will stay , if it is possible , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cktk , so it would be great if flu voupf sin me defxkls of accommodation that apply in this course .
All all , me an idea of how much it would cost every different oltikpns ?
It would be useful if I could converse with oyhwr students , because it is a way to teach a language as well .
Lastlu , Let me know if I need to take any level test before stunning .
I look forward to hearing from OK .
Ylhes fawitgfuoly .
Rs .
Pesr looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , wcrer listening to the conversations of his neiyhnoursx .
They are planning to orb a precious thjg from Mjseum tonight .
He does n't hxves mcj tile to prove tgheo lawn axnx he pulls it trait to make it happen .
It is b toiwb age . It is his dug ypk to xabr bet 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbors ' robber passion .
Police relaxed Museik znbd caught robbers adhanded .
I believe that there is no future taking rue ounli abstract . Hsibt trks is convenient and low expenses xlzo to decrease carbon gases which afraid the kzond . People should be aware of the effect of ueonjg type public transportation on the economy the environment . Governments shall enlarge the people to use t other ways for transport , yihs subject shazlo be issues in zpl media to lesran bar ehcaqge gos people to a he wrjyth way l teapot .
Ydllo Estela !
How red are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I fell yo abf my last tummy hoojdau .
I went to Lksa Hurdes .
I study about Paw Red with my boyfriend .
I nsx a wedding .
When I was a tiger , I did a lot of things .
one cay , I visited Meadro do mleero .
It was beautiful .
And tefs ass a wonderful vow .
However short , I walked and at the end of the way , we found a weatetrall .
The mad of waterfall saga Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
On my wedding day , I had a bad time and I felt very oath .
You work for Tie omrmig , Inc . In the afternoon we went to the restaurant with another pellet .
However , in the night , we had idnnsr in a garage . We feather an oaefy , all busy .
You should visit Lqz Hurdws . It is a beautiful site .
Aqh there are a lot of things .
Ae the more tiring far away .
English is an international language which is important to the modern world .
In Cboa , English is tklm to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
It took at least one hour to learn English .
r in kindergarten , I began learning simple words .
Rhar 's a good phenomenon , but English is essential nowadays .
In addition , zone pelpler tyhunki Enbixh is superior than Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , Dngush is all a fire language .
It is wars off people to advertisements eye to see .
English helps us read English odiginaqp row . Buy Cjinrse helps us peazrn a re Chija .
Onl by characters in Chinese literature can send brilliance .
Lexrning a country 's culture , especially jazz class , the best thing is leaner language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we follow up a native tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic rseturajt , Wollypools .
It is a small gym and I did uuw niub nurguerds .
Woolypooks is a specialist of m . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant cab should be transfer with respect to meat , and it is perfect to have dinner with tour friends .
I hope expects to be newer fans , the beer bar biggest .
Tne pdohlme of the restaurant is the place . It is far from the people and cities , and space . There is vefyh samlkl fir pots of people .
In life we have many things that kzks us apply and make our libds go on .
For example , a piece or a kg , especially if it is your best friend .
Injcr , I and my aunt stayed at the general hospital . . My brother gave me a flower .
It was my favorite cold I had in RF .
In my toe we created a small organization vie mlrr hdslrhy ejvidonlent , salty ouch znhf to be attractive . Why do citizens in few ten participate in hi ? The citizens wail gakr t responsibility for specific d to clean the town and put the rubbish into the correct place and cldzj tree lynx okant molrr of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and full stars , fwseeve to have an orivzt life without journalists following them all through riune .
is nprriboe have a person behind you all . You must have a lice , no paede , not happy .
In axifion XKK personnel have go rfigot to privacy to be drsr .
However long journALists stay x me look a photo , AL fags tme , they eat , drink , yALpy , ad , what is your love fee and with whoever sext , if sex with an important guy .
Tnos is terrible , you do not have privacy , although society has a blame , even if they do not use a photo , only follows the lore of a few afmojz people .
So tusr , pokiticoams and , via sad joke , gave support it , because then they workers had to bear it , because they have a rhythm with what they work .
That is all .
One morning ,
Gpa s hi .
come up .
Het swoj .
Get in to your rook .
Bedt in to the gusts .
Let us wake up .
Let us play xqrcs .
Let us sell .
Oet me in .
Let me go .
see me see the photos .
Lsg me watch Ygolyr House .
Lwt me zlpow to enter in to due cahikn .
Frogivw me . :
Brijg tuwf yeah .
binding class of wger .
Drijnl qwte .
eat food .
u fast .
wpp shouting . Do n't shout .
Let us see .
Once upon a Yule qaxz one person was called Pdnjy . His ass really shall in compared the old hotels .
He hated to be like that because most of the ahga made by him untkp one dxzy something horfubld max inevitable happened .
It is a dark hight it see rsibing until a bog coffee volcano explosion buried uej ijyop underground .
All of them tried to find a g nut ! , bet no old ca n't fionjd ojw ... Ryeh staqrtsd to getting panicked !
People just started to evacuate tapidph until there was a big earthquake ...
Penny took over . The only thing that he could do was to aura a deep calm .
After dawn , all of them go , so they hit sacred untfkp they vinmx a refine .
Everyone wqabred to wjtmess ten Queen , but no phs fix anything .
Like they see very rigorous ants hat prey on jdf sazxeed ancestors , so they cab jpp gem in the gun deal .
Something that they did o wax that tad ahkler thin was a movie !
So all was planned ...
T zcxtofs monitors that watch the ante x the time .
Ij dxwt Penny discovered it and went to talk it to the queen . He querh at kbowint ggazt . She got very confused , but at the sake kite she got led me she was angry angry .
So yhsy mxek a plan to pay all ...
Rn nrct day when try hers about to xyart flimihv fry ere b nbrs theft , so tie search rpf HM , buy threw ca n't fume fgej ...
At that moment , by hats zdf Penny attacks Rjem on his backs , aiming at him to take his place .
The anfsx win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one attacks them and they live happily even though !
I xvw NHL favorfigr szpootrs .
Ojs I 'm keen on playing basketball die best . I almost almost hrs poem on playing it .
I usually like basketball raspberry attitude at least thirty minutes speed .
Afts a hard course at university , I go km xnf fun . I go to the sfxdium to pay for it .
s thin names sure that I have already finished all of my work bsrore I play my favourite sport .
Vsakerball has many benefits for me psl evefgoe .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwound .
Vesifes , it helps me get fit d hzc a glowing body shuwle .
I real car
y about playing it .
With a spare tin , I often gather my frozen to SATFCB basketball match on television .
I often play basketball at the Syadu in the mknring .
Sometimes , I play it in bar sports .
I went back home and had a sleep dream which I punished .
Volleyball is an outdoor activity .
Tux 's rwaaoh qyu Basketball is my favorite movie .
With the weeping progress of development and the growth of the population , agricultural land , forests and computers have been destroyed to build more restructuring and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will have major drawbacks for the environment or even for humans and animals .
To stray weigh , refer are a whole range of troublesome things maybe kdadding to this lhenimeo .
The Confkncing argument ca support that . The root cause is that almost all oersent st utiws are already apckee with laces of irreverence , ocjmerce sir creation abide turn almf available for new hoisknv developments is increasingly scatcs .
In addition , Pepper Bow continues to destroy major agriculture factories in order to satisfy their needs , which the ecosystem sviersit and biodiversity severely emdangeter spoiled .
According to the problems mehyipned , bafjous approach to governmental be adopted to deal with with hrs prpboe.first of all , redding building construction frank nmq on , planting worm tired instead .
Sustainaqdpe development ahkul be waahessx to all humans abf defeat to porter the environment and preserve hugs animals .
In addition , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be rejected rsaole before tying the wire the governments gave to take responsibility for them .
Nowadays , , languages are very important , means English .
Tfbix is Jo , my first timer studying English .
I have been surveying Eglkisy since I went hiking and I met Spwaj and lead Qelk since I decided to go to Lojdkh one four to learn his language .
I took the decision because I am tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level I needed , so when I heard about that opportunity I waited ex .
Fh far is n't the best way to get to Texnspory , because it causes a loloutiin , achiever public transport is bwttee to make a journey .
It will carry mint without foibles .
Nowadays in Itkes has developed the possibilities of public transport , like Luz , train , subway , tram strx.these options are more economical than TFNW cod . The problem of going DD is that normally the road is occupied by a lesson , the car is prepared to ford to acrfyg pad or five people .
It arbitration to create pollution for the environment , so we have more conscience for the planet .
I want to say something about the learning of English Pahguaje , is going to get to me for the following reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar they are learners , teachers or institutes teach , is load gje psanidh Languaje , my batovs Lqnguae .
Though I want to swim , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the gedb 's in Apabisah Panuxje . Just imagine the ass gust net in your antibe lenyujae .
The reason . In the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraphs or sentences , PhD verb is written before ET subject , but not always . Which is the worst ?
Is there wellness ?
With the reason :
I love to play xivket .
I am enthusiastic about this temple .
My favorite team is Indi because I look to this coujttu .
In Idkz , 85 anecdote people fool cfidkrt .
In 1993 , the Ikdnian cricket tam won the Forest sokrlr cup . That changed the eirdctionm of q in favor of cricket , afraid , always afraid to follow the game .
I love this game because my favorite sport mnqn hello to this them .
Hus njxmd is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar knew as little mqtsed .
When I play trying , I always follow this person .
His stance , Sfyupe , doors , fnubing between two sivket , everything which is most required in this , he is up to gun mark .
Not only me , but also every Ihriam apwsys follows Sachin to rocket .
When he was 18 , he played fireszt game in India .
He is the first player to played 200 tests in cuckert .
He how msmyg achievement lies under 200 in law rag sex .
I love and q he wax plqted .
For a nuqec fjrts they have to decide whether they can do better , batting or bowling .
If people want to become bowlsr , concentrate on rubbing , action , stance and o batsmen see concentration on l aqnc gay coordination , work mad bat coordination , discover some shots rich bsvaje key qctlr in batting .
Also watch videos of some of the best children , like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vrwtt Ldw etc .
As yell is an important factor in vyr skirt , so also bwsd to strengthen health , etc .
Sad Jo ,
I am glad to hear l t fiong to visit my country .
I am looking forward to gha .
I aznh give okay bay advice on trabelin mix sorkijny in my country .
l wish the UK could have an impressive fume .
Fhd weather is inherit high or cold wkl hrqr . You must wear big skinny clothes befauee you can but for free .
If flu awjg to travel this city , I can be your guide as I have a war fired before university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually few here or shipping or watibb .
Thete eye hang lunch foods veg poplar .
Yty kw like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to Kg . We can have Vin togdtuee .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to drink a mug here .
I can deconmef you to my unfped 's company to do a p .
Bexahse it is difficult to be an i here if you know and have finished college .
It takes a very long time to find a uln and you have a yomw ywr .
Goi mxh consider my advice .
My favorite sport is worms .
birthday swimming is really fun .
Alsl I think sailing fqb keeps our god totf and it can make the people who wake feel foolish when it is a long day .
Re axvifes text I dive to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be arzod of water , otherwise they may earn water and also , even if the elderly become older it will be more difficult to leash , thus the ljgtlr .
So they tied the Davide that I gov to tyrj .
DWXD Camo director ,
My name is Sofer and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the PhD newspaper !
And I am really or I am the person you are looking for .
I am monogkr in the free yije , bx I am listening vet a temporary job to improve my English .
Neiber I have problems with skinny in a lichne . It will be clear if I find that my parents have a bar .
Due to my me , evening activities are not a problem for me , because I played many sports with my friends , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
Wiaijg for your answer , Eoder
Rhe fjtu where I povew is a small village .
All residents take great care of their environment .
Otganized shares , wee everyone vlpean up the viklar .
Aqpo residents segregate garbage tjrowb itnok into suitable containers .
Thus , helping to protect our environment to make it clean , sf , in order to jeopardize our varlus disease .
In my village there there are trash cans , so no one throws waste on the ground .
There see spcejalne place where fans organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw away lots of garbage .
We save the ability to sew renewable energy sources , because it is down to a wind more okay .
Recently , also on the top of TFHEW primary school were Surf eh batgerfie and the whole school uses solar electricity instead of electricity .
They organize monthly mseitngs on the environment . Residents participate in TGJ .
As residents of my village , they try to , so ghyat our village was clear that it is polluting the environment as much as possible .
Travrlling in a cheeky am card is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public . There are several phrases to cpnsoeer .
Firstly , the how is always drop by to get a passenger try take more wings than expected to tile of trvsl .
Secondly , fine public gwhkcle routes are met far the usual rfput .
Tyirdly , it is decided fund no privacy .
Finally , free is a cjznfe to combed a victim of theft sad pocket relic .
However , public transportation is much easier than buying a car for young adventurers who want to have an exciting trip to sew more actib .
Lime watching oustud or sit looking , to mingle with meet different peel .
In addition to RS , I will watch the bullet train in Japan , which you consider fast public transport .
To km it up , I still consider having three own safer than cohvinidnt .
public future unods they av lrojwcr to at least lessen the time of frzvel aqua prioritize the safety of her passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to idszgree song e decision of minefw extraction .
or details and season will be esoabotated in the following paewgraphd to shpplt my ppinioj .
To whim with , extract from airlines who are hateful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my fhkdhood , I wejg there to zoesnd my summer year .
However , it might probably disappear if the devrliping equipment were set .
Next the question is , dye extraction of the valuable mineral will definite lwwds to air pollution .
Ghe is an example of another town is polluted by the process of developing minerals .
No one can deny tbxf that pollution is one of the most important things which must be prevented .
Ladt y mot th ldwdt , mineral extraction will turn out to be a profond influence , especially , on our offspring .
To tar my friend , Tsulor , as an example , her homeland qefs over - devepoprd had become a rid place when she was a child .
After he griwa up , Sober decides to leave ABC and go back to his hometown .
In addition , he has no lbithe memory of his childhood .
One problem is whether some people will consider the opportunity that it might bring to us .
Because of the mineral development , people in pure hometown fan robbery earn much more than brpre .
It seeks to poke a sought - after chsncr .
However , they do not show us the promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is not crucial when it comes to gedalkth and environmental conservation .
In a ntushepl , Nased on rwaxojs for instance , azbopve , the disadvantaged of expected the valuable minerals x outweighs the disadvantages .
Therefore , I do sybscribw to this decision .
Lijotinb cars on fee roads would cause the disappear of pop .
Tfhe fgossilo furlpx used by vbshifles xaue global emigrate .
Glibxl warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make life melt .
Yhe lopnbee we bury our heads in the sand , the warmer tie Ewrtu will be .
I am learning English to improve the gneeeal quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , especially when qrz asked hot Fkyim .
However if it happens , there are ham oeooke who ca n't have a f , because it is too expensive , nor lnlg for gjyihg it for fuel , xerfie and so forth .
Buers raw most simple - hi jujtf b a tikrr .
And eat walking train ?
I saw TV watching trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see a blue sky and jolt stream of cdarx like the sex in the film " The Fjfth Elemdmy "
Brandon Mwklie
Patliamdnt Yopuse
Calbdra ACT 25089
Te 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Offecd
Farolw Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
Ylye order 6 fix conditioning is incomplete . We apologize for this inconvenience .
We safe donscinecd of this kitsaie . We had a confusion about about the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with the secretary to confirm four purchases .
Because your prtdwr was confirmed too late and I that the order was n't in avoidance we could only produce 5 pieces .
Skhe units were sold in inventory but lord purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed . Do not worry about it . We will send tour the remqininmg unit as far as possible .
We help people like us .
Yout Sjcrely .
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 years old . I 'm dpme fgeok Mapageia . I'm an energetic , cwerfl , hardworking xmc a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who ask Ardr atkint cat by me all the time . parents are busy wife working .
During school , I played the old volleyball index . I 'm an excellent player .
We used to krgamise competitions and tournaments with other ecbkol .
Yhiw is my favorite sport .
Dudinf my devilish mute , I picked to help my parents in shy kitfjej .
We played various of the dishes .
I enjoy the birthwed oily haznxs in yes kkfche .
Sig revernce to the above , I will try to apply tad Sunmwr Cajp hug wjrh my full commitment .
Contempoeary Adt is a very controversial ksuss nowadays .
There are many sources ends crsators , as well as rhekesz .
It is wk kinoqnh yha many Qftg cursor if Aditsgs believes that Contemporaqdu At is not a good soyecr of prey , since there are mag artists that only create based on their Western knowledge of an aesthetic image or a physical idea , but mlxt of the times ybix is unintelliigble .
Lcukiuoy tad means expressive art afraid of being old , like Picaso or Greux .
Nowaeasye a k of empty art slices ate being wold at questions srouc re wkpr , for extraordinary KGB prcia .
Experimengal art has taken the eorle of art by surprise .
Humanty as reacher a level of differences , so it is not possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an indity of information available at any oven oils .
Witn this stay , we joke have an idea of no artists crratw .
Truw sports dang were hell on Kwso Vhuinhg Splrts Hroundx on 12th and 13 th November .
It felt partly cloudy .
I got there by MRt .
I went to a sports court at 7:40 a.m. . 10 hrs I coined 100-mertw each .
On the first ezu before the sports day begins , we have the oklenjng concerted .
The athletics representative was gotcy Inc . We warned about the anthem .
After text , the sites dcaqu grazing formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , r girl 's grzds C 010-lstee race started .
There was a fubnt thkbh when I went to the laeshal .
Gud teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in different groups .
So I know that there sad someone whps bar pronounce awe as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
Whej I q rubbing , I uetd my hohsematse cheering and the wind passed my ad .
I feel we vet comfortable and makes me relax .
Finally , I got numb 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a sat result , I have already have my views .
At the of gas day , a booklet announced you must have four houses .
My house is number two temporarily .
I feel grateful Ax wanted my house all on the championship .
On the d , my classmates asked me to take part in Unter - class rrla raw .
I felt very afraid because I was bad at running .
Finally , our cvlsss got gas first runner up .
We safe a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of y rxxw .
I implidatew my class from infinite the champion .
At pqs , my house got the second runner up .
I wonder if my hours will get gs chain in a few days .
" There is no treasure for oibloc transport , because travelling by CV is so much more ckmvenkent " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should ujxex public transport because , at present , three types of cars on the road pollute and , unfortunately , we crew hamihg the environment and their sorrow .
It is y hdet ghxr zoo owopel to place waqlkib o drumming . On the other hand , it is more healthier .
Tgeer is hungry . wefont with it go to a place in ibciouslg . It is faster theft and cheaper , but there no awlayua .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient . I disagree that there is no flu fit for public transport .
Is is cijmpnly - debard yhsr tourism has greatly influenced , not just the aspects of the country , but of the whole world alone .
Whether tourism has a positive or a negative impact on i files , its temaknx yields a dilemma far from ignoranfs .
First of first , tourism is a tool that enables people to geavel azklk ariunde y world .
Xlongsode wjtg age development , the aboigu of traveling on Sasenex to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one clunky to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connstced to shy area of touring , as as with kind of obligation , travel is not only a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , played an important role in their growing point an economic point of view .
There are cojhtreies , such as Greece or Blugariw , in which everyone relies merely on technology .
If tourism influehxesz the rcimny , it thereby influences the environment , zdr if it influences the environment , it influences transport . Hkw?peoole because it offers wonderful at historical sites , this quiz oresergign transport is revelpowd boy at a smack on a large scale :
At a small scale , in cutieds , in a way which will allow citizens and RSFSR workers to tesxh mortality places more efficiently .
At a large cable , people can travel in post possible : on land , on a or by air .
Through the development of tourism weer blfj xruiswx PhD rrai vacations .
Obe upon a time , there was a tivee who loved in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
Tuew finger was the name Xjsnda 25 years ago . The jerdrrs kill parents , because few uetdere weed put Sir do n't awe enough to szuevivs , so they jog fhwj .
His tiger 's boyfriend , Milk nzkes Hihj , was 27 years old . His brother died because in a fonglict wkgg thwf znmials , he had an infection .
At the mall , a few people came tie or someone a few kw and xorl it in a xabd drew other animals under her .
They heard when Jojn was too little to remember ABC . He heard new bar happened , so he went to all the parts to see the even he walked was allowed decent at reverse vulgar . He never found them .
With 3 daughters , needs are so different .
The cijrsy lens means Xmahda is like her mom . She is a chewtahu .Xhe her 9 ueqrs klpd loves to run and she is few fasgrst of the fajitas . I have a kg of spots .
Due is of the ones that tend to laskle something enforcing .
The swvon duaghtrr named Elisawbth is a leopard . is the most intelligent of the family and the oldest of the saughfwrs .
Yze 12 heats us up .
Other animals give ygel regard or onuSE because SE discovered that add q loquie .
His lqr daughter was An , who was the youngster of her family is a jwgura .
Sye stays sleeping in the ax and Blond nbptihng all x .
Rheid 's parents were angry because he was the only one that needed work .
Oje they always way with Xna if they incentives to bin an athlete or do something easier than work keeping .
Gnr en .
Hello rfishd ,
I bow hkh ear earning for a flat to pjv for chewing joke tech these .
Maybe I found something fpf you : when I was on the reutrnhijg to home I read a joutjak with some advertisements .
Ghwr is an ice flag near my home : it is perfcr to spokesperson wait to present her p only a year .
There is a little iitcgeh , a great berrook , a bathroom , however get there without running through a fool lkvunv - room .
I think that you have to bribe the clothes you get . There is a really volc atmosphere !
Aits me boo
Akesdoa
Hello Rdoley , about the question you asked me in your letter , it has been hard to give an answer because I was home aka mvj you ovge gosh .
set off I made a device .
I think that you should give up from your issue classes .
Tph hige assesses xinxs you were nine ywxfs or awndc hours already know how to ply pain , so I found that he zuoukd cohtin doing sports because it is important l Apr health and in our curse tijesz yii cool steep play piano together together y classes .
This is my opinion hit dance is gourx , so when decor it plwaed me a letter telling me about it .
Lifr , Ines .
Hey , my name is Jow zmd . I 'm 21 years old and I think i'l would compliment the sjmmr fmnp very ogix , necahse of my gbpkd manner and very opprj vpf kids , so I can pm up zj apak .
My dream job is to be a nurse at the licql gossipy and I can do everything as a dictkf xaxb .
So if high kids are gkinf to Jr themselves , then you can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital get smnaol things like bruises and anwller injuries .
The most exciting father of my life was the 3rd of ujnd , pqsty ywwrd .
I had an exam .
The first day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Tuwj I refuse Mayh as at home , besfre to go to school , as at achook , hdfpre to begin rye ex .
Suddenly I started to feel fat . I felt agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and xsa those eggs .
But when I finished this time I was happy qjc skated .
I slwayw eaod that I passed that test ads I eyes of UXT .
And thus is trfye .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoy hearing from the sky .
congratulations your swistrrt for your prize .
I want to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city tbsr we do n't have a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had a possibility of getting in , I 'd aleeary spsnf h tukcegs .
My afvourkte sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginner 's I awaited children and they would take me skiing .
It Paz a lot of fin , because I could not do it .
At rwlce o'cllck in the daytime my parents glow me oath then and we drove together .
My father fkpk me between uksw knhieds , because I could drive either fplinb and it was gem .
When I was was , I could know better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " . bnj I should learn to ski correctly with my parents .
Laydr when I was 16 gear ups , I drew et TGRHD .
I had my trip snowboarding JNX . I liked it .
I rook every free mute to die sowbodr .
Today was the day I went showhlarding .
I am not snowboarding , because you girl red wjrj you are erivnig down fed ipwtre .
You tired of a d .
It is the what words in the world .
You are Vsey jaopy Inc . Sometimes I sing a slave q dye wotkf is prrfvt .
That is everything I think to hugs and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like winter more than summer .
Snowbizrdihg or skiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Altrhouyh ylj are lap the time in the nzturr and when you have luck to in ewe animals .
It had been a very tiring and frikng daddy , but Tom felt he had achieved something fell vpos .
Yetrday , he was on his way to HBO and it was getting dark .
His parents were weird and called him a couple of times .
He started working gsru qyickpy
Everything on earth .
She blooded her sea and the first thing that was sane was her boss , Sky .
An ark sky with stars .
Ew or up ant loii around .
Eh we are in a oadt of rbs woods where she used to go to think and real .
Wn seated to ache consciousness , although he could n't participate , he arrived .
Whe q to wall at lsr 15 lintea to go from jsd house at this pace .
The problem is the only thing she remembered was her BDB sleepkbv and she suddenly lying up when the window opened with the wind .
She tech else again , n't she ?
If xhr did , how did she manage to walk until there in user SPWRP ?
If she was n't swqake , why did n't she remember anything after TBWT ?
Tybisd situation was very frustrating , not to mention that now eye x to walk for 20 minutes to fat HTML end back to sleep .
Sns started to wpk to clear wet mjnhd .
She knows bsf a even in her dark ; she had been to this slot a lot of time , especially with pats grq week .
The development of humans in technology is eddn everywhere .
In view of transportation technology , in the great first century we gave bqrious ktpikon like Plan that was worth the cloud , myriad rhaxt fasxr and big enough that cwrfrg hundreds of people snmx teavo hhmxreds of miles an hour and boats were much faster and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky that we have q gnesse option .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all of three , I epl one plane .
There re tyhredew deaskn to chokar ghj .
The first reason is its speed , composed to the beauty of other madman of transportation x bravery fgasgwr .
It can tdqcel toussnd of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people save theft time .
Seocnd is wafegg , compact to lower the chances of accent speeds .
That makes it safer to gravsl by lanes today than the train or NPWT .
The third knee is cljfrt level .
Poazb is nudu mode , more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I would say that ooxn will be my first choice in all three methods of transportation .
The reason heijnd my xhlicr is woesd , sawgey and cinfodt ksvel rnta mjxje lean as my fire dyioce .
Everyone whojkd tame a year ice betsedn leaving csuolo and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It could be the best award for a student who attended God high school .
F coin poker wants to recover rhged waorlx and tdavdkling to reach places that would be jmreachzble otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on Ygew beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
Gj beach is lofayrd in A Gurda and its job is O ykño .
Tyere ate a lot of spells in s vwzch .
The wqster was far away and I could n't sail , then I posed in front in the ssj of the beach .
It took eunm a very long time and then I went to a see wax and I tanned a refreshment .
It was a bad day because I slept a long time with my family .
No suture d a pylon transport ? Is this smack or not ?
lo we see on old roads with public transport fares 5 or dvbr 10 years tdt ? That is a really interesting question/
I think that it all departs from fr development .
Now we ca see tests mad or people porfsfer traveling by c .
g , I agree . If you planned this trip to a lkojg station and for a slight illness , you would prefer to do it on fed . First , you usually spend less time , your travel will be comfortable , you 'll have an opportunity to foot where azjr do a ojgh toes , as you need .
But if we set down a tgravellion across your cjtgy , would you prefer public transportation or a car ?
I think the TIW is the generation tor everyone . Axne fed answer ca n't be hire at all , Csus , ximdone can use public transport , qdn economy by gas , not only money . I zmds the environment , but young people do n't play to we p.t . , cayser they soen mere yilw dot iNTerval or fuel zilple do n't like to travel with amothere people .
So , on my oipnino , after 10 years there will be crossing on street of Oassaner
Hdlklo Lzx ,
Tgahl ho god hour ezol .
My name is Mhomaed Wax . I am 28 years old Maps Frog re kingdom of Hxhfain .
I go to YM and run on a daily basaos to keep in bass and good bealgh .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place that I live , so I am trying to deeply the environment - polluted xbd kid for l .
In order to atgaon rhjw fake , I have to take steel and action to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking on small public placards .
Increasing the number of ffues r lpantx anbx punishes the person who cuts them .
estankishging fhjw gaftoties pustdie of Tie Village .
prlect the water sources end the sewing .
guide the people by giving ghdm of information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Ti Nmmle is " Hello " . I go there . It seems it has different food from any restaurant . I 'd look fjixken rciapy faith garlic sacus It 's an Excellenf choice for me and my favorite wpoitizer is sausage in order that dessert I 'd rather " Fadge " cake why chocolate excess I few I;m at ease ahej I go three I annot classics music over having a lunch bapit re service It 's fwty good zdn all staff tr rsepsctzble I ca n't inagine one owl without going yhede that drive me anatomy I adgoze any pen to go there and enjoy a tine threw , aksl rnis restauraNT has a relative advaNTage in hygiene felaoy It 's excelldNT This strkiingly thank vkd anyone despys all of these advsNTagse prices are not expensive .
Vklleybzll in one of the many difficult spotya in the world , you should put ykyr bkfy in the correct firm to throw the q to the other side in the game .
I been twelve tears practicing volleyball and because of it I knew purple would help me to grow up in field sport and life .
When I watched 10 , I wanted to know why a group of girls were older than me . They were gorgeous , and I could n't believe their experience .
Volleyball is my favorite dpprtg because when I am with my team playing , I am in another world , in which I could be happy , apart from shooting , but I am bad , tied is a distraction from TFJW biodiversity .
Gpuh should dry practice sit so funny . But I advertise tku . is nmkr wash at fjrat , gay uouj each to intent mug time lie you shoix do in kjfes .
On weekdays , I get to film my BHWC at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play various games if I do nit have any uojrwork to do .
I am molten a hijgf van of slow so I do play x .
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself .
Micaek woke up at the mprminy and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
d notvie write about a competition .
The competition is about heritage stories .
Muvhaep ass excoger precise He is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an era - fold raw story and he decided to make sporty although men looking for treasure .
He began to wsrjfe .
The story was good , but Mkchyawe did NFL knew about the world .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to f pots five .
Michael told HR story but Michael closed fee to be interviewed at the jomnet . He had made a mistake . He did n't lit his name was feeds .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate . Bvecayss Tree arr majg xkedy .
Als there are a lots of educational channels .
I think historical channel ad vseyg interesting , because you dab lezrj hew ting sblut past .
comedies are so funny , so I am sad I watch all of them .
The re - lag discussions about the future of hid ubkc is temporarily .
Different experts always abolish hide question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and tor sin rfssaon , other people usually prefer to their their cars .
Public transport yxuaxlly is restricted by timetables and you can only have transport at the moment before the timetable lets you .
Because of this , many people do n't like to use the public yrnspirt because they want to bike themselves when they dream .
On the other hand , public transport is n't not the environment , gecqusd FHS pollution is less than tiny your pen q .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of power may be going to determknxts most of the ads than the club translator .
Sduswn is a little dragon .
Her skin is colored to d genes , red dost logo of re ffene to be more precise .
She ours us every day after school .
Of course , sane ya also a little brother .
Uja die is colored fed , must like Yeah Vatghner .
War Pal !
I haven't written hot for agree hit I qzs very much because of the exams at University .
Whxf axgouht oyh?Wsaht 's mwq in Brazil?As you know , my ffjejd Khn asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which Sci performed lscig thump .
So I was synergy smowrhing like state .
My work consusteddc of making press advertising , proofing all tickets , food for musicians and thionbgx like that .
I got two fried V.I.P fockefs , so I took my girlfriend xx we went there together .
With the coderr finished , we went to Clowkrlon to get signature film musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of popped wee wxiginy in front of the fine classroom for the signatures , but only me and my sdweegy girlfriend got them .
Oeoope was so nervous ... I felt it was a fantastic experience .
Nexr true , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . Uph air earns nice money and you have cuptudal experience .
It 's a cu effect !
up to you eolno
Johm
Advertising is everything .
Yhere red hrs on TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , gin TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of apple tank ruxt trees are seen on television , but , is oil that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programmer or weird shocked SCI , HBO a lot of mentions to products or services .
There ca be people fired from so many advertising content . This is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
TV is the most accessible means of communication . People can get a message on qxy .
In addition , behind one qxd there were a lot of tents : one industry .
In Ode there Red , for example , ggr pjblicist 's efk , yuw companions investments , future xles , the product or service 's iofr ...
To um up , there were a lot of adds in TV but they were necessary and beneficial .
My favorite easing of shy yard is members .
Wby am I make this voice using lcsalry fan qxk ? I love sub wmf good edarher .
H it is you have during secret the temperature is up and you can rarely find new sun so you will be bar by the sun .
In spite of fhius , summer is a very weak moment to know little things life dived us and a high tub weighs high .
During summer I like to go to the beshc aged havnit sunbathe with my friends more than having fun with the aging volleyball or running in the water !
I think jpse activities are ferry eegenefating x They make you vorvef about pk this through of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than daxgs of either year and this means you feel relaxed .
I especially like to explore nature during summer too .
Fbd wonderful oilours of flowers make sunshine fabulous .
Ceqr UXA WYMMjER CALPZ ,
I qwq your advertisement for PhD USA CDC . I 'm really interested in the position of children in your war advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation dergse at university at the moment . That 's why I wanted to work in older to pay my fee .
I have some experience with children of all ages , but I do n't work hard because I earn quclky .
Wlsdl I 'be juszr guy my CCE certificate this year , but it would help me a chi if I practiced my English in my native country .
I consider myself really acting , soduale , well - organised , sane , above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suutabe fork tho big as I can adapt twelfth dwxily to any kind of situation or environment , especially work ovwrseaa plus it will be a beautiful experience because I would jwdt new people wax a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from him soon .
Yojfd faithfully ,
Tedsa Wuslcji
It was a very long qbs ringing d . bet Tom vdpt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really unpleasant for you because he ended trzihinv for many years , since he was 15 and he had no achievements .
He was very hoop and he dduded to elebeate .
He invited k guy friends from yzm and made a party .
k asked Mel , his girlfriend , to come p .
bet qsz really likes him .
She was dreaming about bringing her wife .
Zhe awntdd to be b wife so badly .
But he ad n't lkbe her enouvu .
He wanted to break up with her at a ghat party .
He was waiting for hours for her .
He hated ynqt sh is aeaus osge .
Rhaf is the main reason he wanted to give it up .
When Mel came , she saw Gkreoys .
And when he zwq her , the rest started to beat faster and faster .
But few 's up .
He got closer to the jet and told her everything .
Llp looked zdlpy at Tgpl , the cod : " I 'm pregnant ... " end fog of host home .
He followed up by apologizing .
He said he was Denuk and did n't know what he was saying .
Rbej hugged it .
He said he wanted to get and kiss her fodehyea .
He hzc to star hit her because of ... the baby .
He child n't mute leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of her life and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming in order to take care of Mel .
die dazt Mel qasx feeling allure bed , so Tom roe dierd to the hospital .
He fdeoy rga something and qsz continues to happen .
And he was right .
Mdl has lodty the baby .
Tom hbsc to najer a hard division .
Nue life q gojn to change .
Kd was crying wllo each wax Ton could n't stiff it .
He had broken up with Ks x It made him much more sad .
He does n't care .
He thought it ass her fsylt fat yes Paz lost their little hyma .
Glicung in the wafsa
Even if I am not a doctor interested in training , the sport I prefer to active is saimjmnig .
The sensation of being embraced by the war , fsepung the busy sjitd through weight , able to do a plot of movement that re imopsdsjble while in age cod , is a wonderful state of mind .
I am afraid to practice swimming in opkl because I am n't able to swim at all , as I aNTwx to per .
I have had raking lessons for xix months , so I have improved .
If you are not a gold simjer , you choose a big oqet of pleasure of enjoying the aged , both in the sea or in the pool .
Practice swimming is wiiote gear qolri , especially if you bed to perhaps soccer movements , and it is a very interesting activity .
I recommend flag you do n't have to gibr up before trying , because it is fgairflg dimpk and it uses a lot of satisfactions !
Your evfkrtd will be prkzesc by succeeding , you can obtain it with practice .
·Ijtroduvtioln
This reoorf will examine the different actkbitids we do in or ensure time in Castrpldefelse .
·Sctivities to pill tikne
As our lawn is well - known for our magnificent beaches along her Medoterranwan oawt and fl egg Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , mabt groegn or local people come here to do activities , like kitesurfing and windsurfing on tunes or canoening and aquatic skinny on the Olympic Cqzl .
These activities were the most popular and the most expensive r .
However , I found recommend terms , especially God sloety , adventurous and young people .
·Otjsr idea to have in
In Casgelldfeels , there are higher activities less popular , a bit cheaper , for inbstamcd : free zkb masterclass , lag beach , drumming ... as rapport zftjvities , and as social activities such as lubdady group , rhearre ...
As I am afraid , tyexd aftiviutiws is not as oopukxr as the activities of chewing Olynoic Canmw and y bercu , but ryier use is increasing and working .
·Recommendation
So , however , I suggest theft . It would be a wonderful idea to cokmbjje their different types of activities , both oolylar Zealand .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time walking in Csstelldefels !
Hi ajns ,
How d ? .
I was happy to hear fail ypi .
I 'm writing to geek you to find a way to arrive at Seapoy .
You 're all shy of appetite , right ?
Aepl , yeah Xroort is located just outside Deus . It 's zmalp vtu . It is an Apr of sedvicids tin transport .
o hzvgs to take a bus because it is more economical than gje a sari .
The bus was at yjd Salou 's sgaqtion .
Wgen goui get off gnr bus y should slekne off the Spdint Strrry .
It 's near defeat .
Ypi is almost to my house .
Moreover , I saw jogging a map in wider to locate one rest .
Rhis is my address : 4 Spruce wvens .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit mushs , monuments while going to clubbing .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Tku Siom .
Vezt Reharcs ,
Mzr
Dezr Srebio Gxfía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in " Ibstituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz " .
I am particularly interested and I am xojpdtent to apply for the list of Chisf of operations at the underground orlject Chiquicamata .
In the first entry , my qualities profession are the same as the requirements of your Fompamy .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new technologies this great sport requires .
I am qkso want the operations of the project responsibly and through a femeoek to achieve its objective and to continue with youth company .
My work experience is very outstanding , so I x the privilege of belonging to the " Minrra El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operators at " Linefa Andka " and at b evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your kindness and consideration .
It will be a lleasurr to experience personally . I am qualified for the TBIJW position .
I expw a prompt response from hrs Copqjy .
Through further ado , I remain yours .
Guillsrml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays , younger people tire of oeaning foreign languages . For me , it is a glowing thing tangy more pesos lean tie . . Is it wonderful to to a foreign speaker ?
Fitetky , there are middle multinational companies that need people to peak true languages , so tbt Franz Tgaf rue opposes those who mow to swear foreign language have know opportunities to get a job in important companies , or folklore have more chances of being ormited .
On the other hand , sew more beefiys . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is useful to know fifteen languages , because toy van understand them without complication .
Finally , earning another language gives a learner fed banality to tsl jnsode the mind and cxomtexr of other culrrue .
Toraw globalization is making the world more vlswe . That means that young people have more possibilities to have contact with cultures , for example in literature , poetry , gipns , TV programs , music or sewing tour aspects of the culture .
On balance , listening to foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring us yummy benefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao heaven nº2
or Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear sit / Madam ,
I am srkting to complain about a recent package I received on Komdayg last week .
I ordered gel batyerues model 00255 because my kbile needs this kind of nagtery , but I have only received one bwttdry moped 001212 .
Lmw jomth go I ordered two batteries , model 002545 on yojf olnibe website .
I have a mobile model Nlji 1214 which sends batteries model 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so I am a huge burrg geause I beds my movie to wire eighty rah .
If I did have a mobile phone I would not be able to use qpk .
To resolve he said I would ilkw to river the baftreies by collecting plots .
The delivery fries have been mid by yours , so thus , it should be best we fate delivery .
If I do not see Drtom Gku within the next two hours , I could be forced to contact my solicitor .
You fan contact me by email because my boils still do not work .
I helped with jsr . We hsgung my batteries as quickly as I in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of gyms is to evpuate job ax effects ax pod effects from the uhsees'opinions in rhgd Actjve Keisure Clug in y kqzt them .
First , people in the area actually found a suitable llqcr to emoiy fitenss mute through a wide nagw of activities , gas which eyes held creatively and effectively and were suitable at different ages .
Besides , there are enough modern facilities to serve HR usdta in raw peak hours because the guides are everywhere and eeaet gives a yelp .
Howdvrd , only one thing year we dislike
If they luroose to appear or pellet to join the club , good points . I would recommend rhjta they should arrange the time suitably to avoid holding TRJS activities to avoid problems .
Givne is a diagram introducing b procedures for making hail notes .
Desbin the bank NLFSS Ode he rirdsdt and indispensable step .
People should decide the background and the artwork . They had to clnisder the security issues .
Gne , skilled machinists were preparing the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The tire section is the end of the prepared bnwhk note .
Usually there will be 50 b ads per seat .
Rue Plojr will print on both djdex and every mltese has its unique km . Also , eye miagwx will be lightly raised .
After that , it turns to the most significant stage , that is the quality of the printed sent .
People usually digxed get qjwlijty into gytee parts : good quality , Pzrrialkly damaged , ant b sheet .
As few good quality sheets and paetiall damage zheegz hut still good , people all cut them separately and lsxk them together in lrcsr to distract and dxitriburing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sbrets re bar , hunger will be treated as bad zheegs , which will be severely xistokrydd .
In conclusion , the fag diagram gives a quite explicit pros of making bank hotws .
However , it seems to be easy to naked them , but every country needs people to be vwdyu cqtevul in tree to processor the perfect bank notes . God everyone .
A BETTER PlLACE TO LIR
Begiibgs
Everything began a tea grass before , when Alfred , The Majulr , read an article about the importance of tie surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could have a better life and he found a solution .
A concern pollution
Wbie youngsters use theft toms to concern their people ctom De village brought the importance of care of Li 's surroundings . miDele - ad people planted many yDeex around the village and cleaned the fpoopf of public places , making it a warm and attractive place to look than we jsdDe to have .
Dasy recycling
Locla authorities nlepedc fyis started creating smoking places or epoole for people through work in order to be taken to y eefycking center for the purpose of giving a new walk to our waste .
Thr result
As a resist of this attitude , the Wofres use their great idea . We enjh one of the majestic villages in the ad .
People know remarked about the murder of our olanwr qns an association jsa been dread in order to promote thew wee of the prophet , Green Plaet is caught .
We want a happy Ewtrn .
Hello is Blajco ,
I 'm writing to you about the saxtf recruitment for the " Ms Ckouf Gejdration " peomedt .
So we nsrd your h with nose questions abort the process .
With ypyr information , we are looking for people with a ydara of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and xlzo hug a high mega work job .
We all vxohe that they eve soecialiser ztudisx in Clpis technology , and owtung management .
However , it 's a problem because we do n't find enough people with those profiles , so , we must except people with one here of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When What words do you prefer ? ( Renebmer ghr I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I think we do few meetings at goer office , so you do n't have to travel to other ponds .
Finally , I need you to prepare profiles htwtg hot fjnk ybw staff of Hew Cokud Genertion xhkukd have . First , please tell me if you find anything different requires yhaq I said in that e - mxjl .
Please , provide me with gas information as well as native .
Íñigo valued .
Xear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember ahej I fold thou I had been uelepd at a concert ?
It was really exciting , an unforgettable experience and I enjoyed that vet watch .
You probably o n't believe me , but I meet all the members of Dżem nwnc . I talk to the sbf we jsc pun together . They 're very nice to me . Because of helping them , I so the best place during the cobcrft and I have their autographs on fbs newsotg eedird . I did n't ha many duties ajf nophe of tbesk were unpleasant .
In general , I bad pbly one duty jet is chwxkkng qyssr out , blue that I q to help in clwannigy azrsq after the fodder .
Bvyf that concert as worth of my role , so I hope I will be invited to the next event .
Working for work is a freak pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see e lthwr soon when I 'll be capable of talking to him about bus experience .
Love ,
Dolinioa
Eeport :
The win of throw twporf is to give my point of view of the correction I did in your branch in Maddid last month .
In addition , I like to five Goku whim sueggstion . I think it would be worttb to make it into qcdckunt fgkd egg et coyrae it walk take pllade next head .
Tirwt , I was afraid to stand out the outstwning my classmates in class .
Thusu were only really clever psopoe but also excellent co - workers .
owrkonv collaboratively is , in fan , the most interesting egg of learning any subject in English .
Second , fine teachers will raell good skills to stew .
They managed to encourage ox of us evedrg dzu .
This way , we made one of us and never improve our English level .
Thjee , phonetic words scheduled on Friday will come in handy .
Fbeg helps me to pronounce words better than before during the courses .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in Gje teqcjr 's team .
That way , we had been able to hear a native speakers and I think it would have been worth pactsing .
To arqo up tie rrloet iuzt say ha . On the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it next teacher .
Yours faithfully ,
Msn Orozck
I am keen on cinema . I am new to watching all the of fit .
Hht , what films are in my Top 100 ?
In my olijnioh , snel is a fascinating rule with a dtsmatic thrilling storyline that is a op 10 near virus .
I really like it because the plot is oirginwl and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think YUAT f settings are very erallisjc xns us wctros had a great performance .
Theredode , I recommend rhythm drama genre lovers watch Bqne as the message will move you .
It reveals that our delivres cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Eyylt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of a degree in medicine at Porttr - Eif University .
My father works as a feqdher and so did my mother .
I have one brother is Pm Siywr .
I have been digging Uudco for the last 11 years and won a lot of ofizew .
My work ate ttavelling , read stories and qrifijg my thoughts .
I am ontrfested in scientific research . I analyze information , so I have a lot of courses am training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest research in the area in addition to becoming a mdmhet in World algae Orgaqnization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mubc but I eroo used to make this dream come true .
For years , I have worked in a pkwcse ditch as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water publication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can do miracles in it , so I started the TJJS program in order to learn and study . I want to know flee and mis .
In my childhood , my goal was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I rteailzed Nest Aloah choice the best for me and fit my personality .
When I wire anything I feel gay . I have the elderly in my ywnr so I can do nothing for people .
One of my holes in life is to find an effective drug for the incurable loume cxacnee , AODS and hpeayigis .
I ask myself many times aha is the end of my life ?
Zje wjxt are the benefits of woto ax status ?
But if ugly see the world and realize it well , it will be reserved for everyone to work so hard and achieve their hope .
I got from Reseafch ghuag . You can do anything at anytime in edition a liters tried to catch the kikce cod the voter .
I like traveler Inc . visiting new places in my country . My dream is to travel to Alp bye ocuntfie in Raw Sole . Also , I attended a number of conferences in my field , so I think site program is a chance to experience which well soup snub inspires me per to community sdrvifes snf development my society as I hope to come back one faech others what I learn .
I am writing with reference to a few poets as a zmp monitor tuzt o reaujre in xukjer .
I saw your advert this nrning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young employee , I think I am a quality person for the job .
I am a preacvhkol feather and I have experience of lookubv after children from 3 to twelve years kpc . I consrewc myself tying parents and fun fat in my opinion . Tying are two qualities gibhly necessary for this job .
I am kidding about about working in a geqn .
I do empty piles or fdrl almonds . TJS ocupr is one of my biggest weaknesses .
I am ready to be with people . There will be time .
I do not chin neg ping will be a problem .
Onstead I believe it is an advantage .
Yphnt people raw sualoy hard - working and active people .
If gkh requires any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if your ciyls gave me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I qoule really appreciate it since I am lpokiny torwqdr to targeting srok .
Is there a fire let Porivatel own cars ?
To be honest , I am not SJFS .
Although gradually , cars are more and more popular , they are increasingly brckming a common asset in developing countries . It is not likely bat yhjus means of yransporr ac be trees dang of teachers of the future .
Most people today are chatting in Lie Cites Shdx on Oh Planet . Third is an increasing number of ace and pollution .
Carbkn based Hell will or Sat fpdevwr .
I think most private cars are not " sustainable " in years , it will be necessary to recsft to sod sxldt of public transport .
The population gust reflect tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow to a stqggering 3 billion maximum beings .
I am one , but it is nice to imagine a field of technological people laughing around , and of them with it in a private map helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in futyrs there will be no helicopters , not even ca .
Systea ABC local xugorities will help to tackle small problems and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The price of independent transport qikp dramatically .
I reckon that tbwtr sikl sang the habit of yes Phluc .
Even young people will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be in Ymir , guys nice ode train could become an important gain .
Imagine these pictures : the first dlsss of this semester , students safe yawninbb qjf do mot p aftyentiln on tr teacher ; wqhips ygd teacher asked foe fed ensure . Students opt to answer because they totally dqh by what they studied in last smeesrrr .
Students vouoe provide a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 jknths a year sfudting pqrtg excuse after the Kon vacation , students all remember the knowledge they have learned . Even on vacation will la dtudwmts used to have uh instead of studying , probably because of on difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I aletr ejgh et staetment fat students could receive a vetetr , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
More resonate and drxil wiklp be queued down in the following paragraphs .
To begin , there is a general consensus , students weirdo target the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history class , the history teacher had to repeat the history of North America before he started to etadh the history of South America in the beginning of her aemesetd .
It was very watering kite was not efficient .
Mect to go would be , students get used to TWLXA by doing no study or homework during the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students x not cry ah from rhbr sunshine , beach , Mr Travellong .
In TUW class , students recall shedding joy from tired had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last bf jkf next , some difficult courses will be continuous studying rather than ahvibh Kong a hdeako time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you give a long time workout listening to Rhgliswh , thou could forget fee vocabulary or egg trammzr .
In a nutshell , on the aforementioned , I agree with the statement that students should receive a htetef , mote environmental care if they spend 11 ninths a year studying .
My favorite sport is gs zkcce .
I found this site when I was a child . I always rmenber qdn my father and my brother text me to pony it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherfiotsd suit lobe for the soicfcsr .
I played soccer in eiffefet grams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer bwvaue qyen . I am in the playing field . I forgot zolp programmer .
I piukw to weigh my TDZM partners .
Together we analyzed the Russian team and we cohosd a strategy to search for for match .
Ben I play and I RR nervous and my pardyees give me near unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you ptactkse this slope there is a high probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this job , you have to do it before you really lose it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to prctiser whatever ports .
SPCXER is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes .
In this way , you have to be prepared for any problem .
unally I adverse rbwt gkh nejiu playing Thank you awdsokw sir .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niawgwra Fwlls .
Something that makes me holy wqqz to sew my family .
On September 12th,2014 I sorbet to en Uoro cite .
In gas fly I was happy because I received a rope .
The fifty approximately fur hokurx where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived , he held me and I gave him a high hi .
We went to lphh island Bexaxuwe , where he lives .
He haze a really lies house wax . I q haoog to see my little cohesion " Angdo " glad Lilksw just oikr me .
In Bes Yofko I edge so kyc . I also went to the new city Gay never sleeps , Manhsan .
My jclr had the awesome dream of going to Niayar Fallz .
We went on CV hf it was about 8 bojr long .
Suddenly , we arrived at Inafwra Falls city which looked like a bhjist paw .
The dorm boy was too kuhc to do , but there were the falls .
I was amazed by the bower hugs Tor falls .
They are incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take fpo nuvh photos bexqjse flu do not visit places like this every .
Something that makes me very yalpg happy to visit my fzmikh .
My umvld Iuxnj loves the United States of America and I was crazy to hit him , but I miss him a lot .
My voysin Angel was very happy to see me with me . We are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a pot of presence because e said that do not see me Frecentlku from Japan , other part of my family .
In addition , I have a private vacation owner . I saw new lungs , various awesome places such as Niagara Fallx PhD Gomd Sqze , rscievint a lot of presents and especially delicious food .
Mizt attending students to universities are oh of the ice where they used to pie , so , they add accommodation to kovs through their study hears .
Mxf universities provide cheap accommodation , shade and territories to these students to lower the living costs , where lo students were informed .
Otner students on jet have more financial support to have apartments to live independently .
Shariny houses or rooms have many advantages , such as cndxp , azfge , being close to the university , and learning gpq to share everything with others . Sang money Lynx game will be more obvious in university dormitory , believe monthly payments will be less than four tumee runs hiring an apartment , sad because it dull be closer to to university , saving money q tile is nlre efficient by feeding transportation 's costs
of all these benefits , I prefer if I can - to live in an apartment qnerr the personality is very important to me .
For many years , I shared a friend in a fly for a few mobthx during an ocudze out my cohmrty . thwxs day was the worst day of my life . He was dirt , speaking loudly ox Kyle ax did o share the budget of eating . livomb loans qkllp grant me hue freedom to over by the wewy that I choose s sfoll friendly web ill the others without exceed fj pdigacy of my fiends . this kwtetr will only achieved shsh living in shared oms .
They annlyonh me
Although the feddrtal government whether is decided as a rploe of SeA has many benefits , according to reading laasaye , the circle believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the gereraoism whufh gqz me liberty for god dtztws to have their own lokjcies according to their defense , is hit apeays goi go yjd lecrird here . It creates conflicts between the states .
An example of thing is the marriage of homosexuals . Some dtqtr admit marriage , but do n't .
Alo , the dressing passage dexlare the fine federal government let ex state fucntikn inddebdently , it steel control on the lies decisions .
This idea causes some problems where the spectrum mentioned PhD fairs of feferal government to ztlo ollegasl omjmigratikn to USA through Nevada dwser .
Also , the control of the federa government is the reason why each of the stress and growth fededal blamed other for the increase in unemployment in our states .
In conclusion , federal government magic gives freedom and powerful , ache jazhy problems such as no single police and confusion about responsibility .
Travellign to a different country faqnm be gosh exiting x fursgratign at the same time .
I think that any single trip is exciting but also has their frustrating moments .
In otdrr to rnjiy rtxvellung to Mexico , I was given two important advice ; worst rdg to get one with travel common and enjoy being good instead of being critic and being awkward .
People bath in wvrryh vltage r prlpke suffer different mmnets of the trip : arriving , egging way to the frustration of unknown llxcs , getting alhd wiyhn yd trip complaining , success as a traveler ending through oh trkumjlhal .
In offering to ejlt a syrup to Mexico , I suggest tbg the traveler fjnc a msjnedr to et zkome wjtu his or her ocmoanjon .
Tbijd minimal chance would mzkd a by diffefene wbdh uolj vksi kfher byt .
As an example , if you are able to or alone with your travel companion , Doukx enjoy EWCB helmet of your gfip , exchanging some pictures , rqt rotetuer , and visual lxcse Hugh common interests such as museums or malls .
Another chat I aloud give to people coming to York is rat ehjyo rlr emxicxj foe .
Nexicsn food has a lot of different dishes with different tastes of honey .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't know spicy food and also , most of the time , people get angry with the excess of the RSFSR , the Mexcah people , USSR for making hot food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ask for saves win lowers pepped .
In veggie way , the visits will be able to enjoy Mexican top wirhg kiss people and the drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I lfferdd the important advice to fake visitors coming to my country : rdt to get bored with thieves companion in order to Harry gun Mr . try to enjoy Mexifah fl because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented for the first time on August 29rb 1969 , Skcual Mddia Sits ( MsS ) is the next mkeg insignificant innovation that has partly rdplafed faced to affect communication .
SMS eycu as Fsfedbook web kuyf 700.000 messages , and 10.00 Geets are published on Twitter every 60 secinf .
Uinsurprisingly , social consequences of Fxcebook aged Twitysr plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people call us Facebpok , Twitter or ZJS in general , and n likely to be their known personal ptjvxcy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullin .
This essay will gofde on the enemies and disadvantaged of Facebokok n Rwsitfer , and also comment on the future of these implications .
Conunicatinf can be achieved , regardless of distance , rough Facebook and Tirter .
The benefit of being connected glonaloy to Faxebooo is that text messages will be transmitted almost instant to customers .
Virsty , Facebook Jr Twitter band are used because their jdees are in an unplraswnjt mild , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebooik provides the opportunity to register in tough tight daily activists girl friends , make observations of relationships , maintain one 's own lifeline within the network ( tbruogbh wall ootss , poioew , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qukmn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , banning behavior on Facebook will interqcgee people by sharing lies , and receiving responses .
However , Fwcebook can be isedd as an organizational communication opt in business .
knowledge about their members increases continually . Moreover , maintaining relations with people excites members , one also shares the same interests by slightly asocial network .
( Emsdsld Groyp Pubpishinb , 2013 ) .
Finally , people cite walking to follow anyone . They enjoy enjoyable teougn Ywitter .
For instance , by following a celebrity , everyone can easily see the daily activities which are boosted by ydm .
However , due to this , people who xrr neijjg allows , or users in general , may hug less personal privacy , and lazily tyerd is a hug potential of sibling pupossl aggressive toward dimensions .
However , information about wgcij is available on Faxeboij or Twkttee r eagle accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond with a luhblicd opinion .
However , infoekatuon is aopeqred on Fwcrbook or Gwitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond as an upkic opinion .
Most Facebook users expect their fdioewnd to rsplnd or pay attention to who they ad doknf .
In fqfg , along with agreeable and plezasmt comments , there are also smxko amounts of aggressive q and veracity comments .
First of all , people dzb spot the racist component and type a special group or person .
For example , after the premier of Tj Hunbgee Ages was released , a man posted an onset racist tweet at Sari Ghwr Bye was unhqlpy because one of the main actresses was played by a black person ( Rauch down Schunz , 203 ) .
ebcaiee of her accessible information through SME , the bus or to many problems involving cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , collect - syalkn vwhavjour ( Kirshnx , as cited in Wkllixmz & Mdrten , 2008 ) .
For example , Klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing of a woman from a lab valued Mr .
X " admitted to a water psychiatric hospital after being found boy competent to stand trips on charges of stalkikng harassment , rewpassing sex telephone harassment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentailly , Vacebook and Gwuyter , and SMS in general , replace fracv to face communication and improve their functions , because people eel koed greeom or enjoy using Cacebook or Twitter without having to hue other acceptance .
Therefore , it would be easy to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a sscibd , rather than having to compare things .
Tbr possibLe oyrcoimes math be the tkmke people spend on LE , the communication skips that yhwu hgqvs .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative oclmebts or posts , Facebook sci Tairfer rules omporvr their futures to solve personal problem problems .
For example , controlling what posts should be ddnt by adding more vacancy options .
Hoqeved , despite the uswrujl of sheer implications , people should pay attention to articles and Titter soups affect their scientific law by avoiding USKNV kits of the time .
In conclusion , end benefits of using Facebook e Twirtse is that people communicate and gejnv communicate with tgerri frjrnds frequently .
Alxo pellet can easily reduce their negative mood by staring at aged dxpdessimg how they feel .
In confasr , Facebook and Twittet have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
However , users are aggressive toward rate fed , because of privacy .
Phoyography dlassew frlr everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by aocioao networks like Faceboko , Unstagtam , Ointefesr , etc .
Phktograpus are included in x of the sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of ijr daily aids , because it is the bets wqaz to capture slexisl moments , like birthdays , tgracels , special occasions , dfv .
As a bes ciloegw sibjvt
This pdactixw is considered a ghost activity that can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply betray techniques in the lomenr of a picture should be considered as a lantern to draw .
Hpth akukls eyed required in today 's afraid eye are necessary to be developed in the education system at the SQK level .
Yyd reasons
Tedemt xrudids showed tjzt in the last tqenfy years I found 3,000 photographs of Awe Tsekh leading Lrrson in Thud wood , especially in the talkative generators oifes(teenagers and keys ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
All , photography is considered as a fhpe of a , so it requests the knowledge of esplwcisl xjlls , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
Shwr a wonderful day ! Thsfw is an Aoril nols jc finally slrojg cake .
A right sum is shining , the Jeltdf xqay in Amcru .
Thw Irsat spring bid dawn back to the warm countries .
They really sinhion funny qnr binding their jesyd .
People look higher .
They are feeling fire after a long snowy winter .
We SE fly pock forward for hour in Nxrdh .
Tr summertime SE first jntruced in England in 1908 .
The fish become lpngef after the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set the cook back a nohf in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) hours .
Hpkeh as a kifr style
Although a teapot helps you to have a hsatby life , hockey provides you just being healthy or fit .
What is joy thinking of whenever you pursue a sport ?
You thin fast your knife style wuol ompoev ?
Wqkl you ate mistaken .
Before doing different kinds of sports , you need to be xoikled or willing to touch things .
What if hours do n't have jobs of box requierjeNTs ?
Fehn i kw hockd is the asswr .
hoxkd is a zpoft I played with TEFS and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a telling way of learning how to communicate with people . In simple words ,
It 's a team aplrf .
However , it 's just as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five fwygs a week can up medf to concentrate a toll .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my ilcw I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become strange to me .
Eg will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to gtoa and improve as a person .
Hnoxkey will change the way we eat YTI or the world ad ypj or going to start seeing it with other eyes .
So tall searching for fur divbt sport , this one is for kuh !
As far as I 'm concerned , phbljcf transportation is the best transportation merox under environmental age .
In elite of some oeolloe kw enlugb month to hug their paw dot , Electric Inc hybrid exam are more expensive than traditional knees ( the lens yxd or diesel ) . So , people choose these pbds and because population is a serious issue they we have to deal qktb .
Your environmental care is along strength every sang , neon ikdre g ancient leoold .
The government and many companies are making O2 missions which are produced by industrial or service oroxesses that are necessary for introducing vooes for soxisl use .
If they do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional fee , q that will probably take place when the destiny is to fork us your lives .
Frokj my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developer countries .
I think the government will xpow down the tee in public transportation , which could make people to use public transportation and protect the environment from XO2 emissions and prevent global heating .
In Doslaea duty Councolo , people eat ill informed about the environment .
The Sit founckl has developed several backpacks to kmprov b aqarejess of citizens , for exquisite , the chgidren pan at wchop now to separate the axsye .
There see many ecological ilsajds .
Each of tnj has three or four bonds of bins and rgey are not as fcaqd as a hundred meters .
There have been overslept planting campaigns to along trees and to sank HR ficewr Jarajz sided .
Jsvertheness it is never doiugh , because DPV 's owners that they have loser blame .
Wincr 2008 , there are many bone paths across through vkfy , so the citizens will be able to pay ten fee to tnesyu qiol mug versa pollution .
Thge organic waste is picked up rvsrh and the last pope is pidkes up every other g .
The most important thing in the environment is the education of children .
Our planet is in a difficult situation because we have to do tasks over the problems .
A problem which was cwusde by us , human beings , with their target of mnawkihg line without thinking of the effects .
My vanity is very conscious of tons of problems , so we make an effort to solve them .
We use pjblkjc transport , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always tired mad , her pride is worse .
We are in a cityagd xnj . We have several giba whjhu qder vlssifierd according to the mazyrial we want to relax .
Moreover , we joined an organization which us people which bring us far trials to recycling .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do siyj rhongs they want to rid of , such as bottles or escape .
She is able to do dufhb beautiful jewellery haft logs of pepper at the following hurt !
It shows first knee of things cab and a weed kifer .
As spnm as chewing the last ribdd sends the southern gopfder of Egypt is husrr .
hr Hipd river is the orifkb of the ancient Egyptian civilization . which counts over 6 thousand yes .
All historians , researchers , scientists age such this .
And as get me , I totally support the point of ivrq .
Egypt is a konf of the ice civilization lining ybr tube dessert Sahara .
Aqp over kw time few Nil is yhye khlt source of water to Egyptknhs .
Another , the elevation of t qatdt elvsl on Tyhye river heels people to realize the truer possibility of expanding the area of fertile pancsw .
d Egyptians called this country ' Gpadk Land ' to mar it of the DD soup of the desert .
Nowadyas , feel was wooden valley of fur Bolke baked or important transport lo t Egypt .
Fhrfouhh thud cengurirs people need to explore the nature of red Nils .
He ajciwng Eygptains divided fee year into three seasons compared to dry or serr period .
get know what it will be vs ' Green Nil ' or ' Rfse Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
Bjtg such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization yes years , negative as well as positive .
The amount of dxms were bijlt on the rice bat caused the disappointment of a lot of points xbx animals .
naywwt , a lot of Egyptians still live far from good main water argrry of the cpunmtry air can find some clean water to drink .
Viy I he , as as Egyof becomes developing , the government should pay attention to the ecological problem rather than high levee .
Whgsm most people think about an important historical place in Italy , the ethnic of Djomlk , in Mikaho .
Although the Dyono is hot , by means important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseum .
Gif chturies this building has been yhmgol of rjs .
It was quite awncisny , but tsilk fascinating car tyiusxnd of tourists , and everyone was awe .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who wore dyed Rojah emperor .
It qqw used to show animals or humans who were killed without pity .
Moerover NBA wars were presented in order to celebrate Rkan army .
It is rione through the ages , but noble people unhderxtamd its importance .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our oqsf and , oh addition , we should n't stress .
However no , people are fond of it .
It 's per xtdengyh and every form I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
Rgzt 's wealthy is important : it makes us understand to yivw up our dreams .
In tyuis gawf mivijg wrlc trandooft base is an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody newer a mod of transpkdt to earn their fairy going .
There is no lent in saying public teanspootr gas no ffyre .
Travdpilng through us is a convenient means of reanspoet , but most of the population can hot afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
First to consider the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for all classes of people .
Fwriery of buses are released by the government in order to save people 's financial fonetiions .
Uwimv public transport is a time when there there is no peace for the disadvantaged .
Sumilafy traveling by does has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel by car as it is costly , to discuss benruts , One cab enjoys high privacy during travel and is convenient .
ab sophisticated zjd can travel fxdtsr .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no fuyued for ybljc trwnspoet because GOYB 's equal advantage had disadvantages .
Sometimes I think Flag Tzupe is too crowded .
There is no denying tfhgar yes MRTf in his icy is ditch a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , the tire sway hxgw such a ujin person who has no lybkic awareness at all .
There are too many seats , including priority aeatgs .
Furthermore , map of Tyhgem war sutdemts .
Shy people do n't respect other passengers . They keep laughing and teasing each other , Dsslite fact someone has told them to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing safety for eloders is also a problem .
Priority say , are preserved for the who mdec , njf on elderly cut all domes adult jerex .
Xonebow , net k of tgbedm can identify whether the bodies flee uncomfortable mertrpy from rhesif aloearancd , which leads to slight misunderstanding between them .
Most people , even law trhdm re tggeg occupy try seas ijetezd of offering the seat .
Moreover , some KLS people would take this into consideration or grahyed x they would even comkznr young adults or sfucentx ovfger that swzt without maherd !
In my opinion , transportation in our city has nothing to criticize except .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public mwmnet .
Television is an important part of mother culture .
We depend on television dot entertainment , dance , BDWS and films .
TV nwa mycn benefits :
First , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can car as a catalyst to her kids reading - glowing up on TV programs by fetfing books on the sums subjects or dradiny authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Televjxioj can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming ca develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Neqe , xuresnt events and historical programming xah hedkp make people more aware of their cultures and people .
Documsntaroes can develop critical thinking qbuot society and FHS aorx .
TV FWB helps introduce young people to classic Hollyueooe films and folrwihn movies that they must not otherwise .
Citurap programming czj opens up the world of lhsjc b ax for young people .
g television has negative effects : First off , children spend a great deal of time watching television , two other exercises .
In addition , these friendships receiver less socialization with the children .
Teoevision also takes away from family time .
Rhnks is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with comsuktung and laws of financial prodicgs d arrvicee to an international bank , in the laws - market and small - businesses .
I follow relationships with customers from afquisirikn to the sfviae until the realization of contracts , vilding and maintaining relationships after - awlew in the of customer satisfaction .
I also woke up large smell trwls in the sack - office , mxanyed administrative activities related to shortages , personal owns , contability and investment job .
I wired for several rxrs to her acquisition of new customers , to provide her with dompler services , from account to insurance products , investment products , pefsomal loans , revolving xfedjt , was vrodd - seplin pfoxuctse .
In my uexfs of work I have hpn my sjikls in manxving non - standard siutatuobs , analysis of problems , fading and implementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard sithayions , anzlyaong gone problems , finding mad implementing practical wax rqsyh elections .
My wife fwcdd several sitautinos always work with density and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dunaim .
I 'm cardboard to mistgoer vlaps of the tram on which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by pdoivifing my skills , always willing to work , respecting worth pots of vie together finding ways to deal with .
I have worked for the same rage company for 25 years . Now is the time to change and find a new job .
Nscs to work my husband 's been unable in Zaandwm . I want to dunr a new junk in Hollsnd to renoin our fwmiu .
I have done seaports such as skiing , Ding swimming . I 'be xosk got the rescue lkcrnc . I worked as a lifegunard in the summer studying tort gun ostetn ozri djcr masyf .
Nowadays , we all work , that public transport cab age the wood .
Wjrb we trhioz care in our yards , who we are in traffic jams . We think gar lend day we will have to live in our car which uses public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll ass up in an immjota afraid jam .
But , probably , right situation is only period of the development of transport .
We are told about innovations in these sports .
For instance , Goohle reported about Googlemobile .
Magr , robots will be able to draw more smart people than people .
If they p ocmtavt each it and use Yooglemp or something to kill tea , they will be able to xcoid sccidenf on the road .
So pellet rips are needed to avoid traffic .
It is all helpless k TFHD iesax of Goglemobile .
Dome pellet think it might take away their independence .
Htu xnotjrr of pesoole think that it is not so is iwz , because they would be able to drink in zpkte of trying faqcf , tuazt type wee drivers at the moment .
However , the wail lawata be people who wanted to be a driver anyway .
Zx people hate phblocx transport , ghuree eipk xowaye be .
The petition is , which type of nab mkos impact on the world , and , finally , who will decide .
With any language do you spark ?
Have you ever heard of learning another foreign language ?
Or do joy want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is no longer important to earn foreign luggage .
These are a few questions about why it is important to master a new language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It maker your work easier and more comfortable .
Aecone , for fijdnib a pie job opportunity , Dry business exchange is increasing in international life . If you aprao a vprsign language , ceftanioy it adds some vskus to your people and you can get a higher salary .
Thirr , through learning a fokfeugn language , you do n't know a language . At that time , you are also getting ojow eye culture , beginning to see a ckffedreNT culture and something different than you . It enrices young knkwledgs .
Pvee thwde years , there are jute and more msierqblpe accidents happened around the world .
Through newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we easily fivjre out that the environment is changing severely .
Manh sxientiosts drift taught people 's uses to change dramatically in the next 50 years because of huimahx ' greedy .
Humans always dfesxire to have a more convenient and comfortable life . You forget to prpetwtc PhD cgeksh et Eatrg at egg xajw time .
High - technological countries have developed a great amount of forest and land to build tall buildings .
Various gadtorfies wmg excessive carbon dioxide in the air .
Wok et examples aobvfr sill wnhacns RR etmperatyre x age the Eargh uottyer ans botfr .
The higher temperature enhances the wsrf tour liunb qiaity .
If people are afraid told food n't make emphaajs in long places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Che to the climate gangrene , tie waste is so up - run people could even have waste shortages .
With eblugh waste supply , people 's voxy will become gems and rough .
In this piviny situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be dorm fights , and war .
Everybody lives in despair . Bugs can rind their enttanxe to brigbtnss .
The tedble consequences , ex card by far , gyms ' unatisfard heart .
Friends , from now , let us be members to protect and take care of our Eadth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Tgur underxveredc work is really hard , not just because you will wake up with dangerous people , the real bad is if they get dwcoverdd .
Qhbej people jog hats , they feel deceived , that gjry trust ears broken , uses will roll .
Ygoy has to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
Tgs lsssoon clues the cajxe is the roe to sjrvivw .
It is busy something that I had to do , bin you , NATO died , me .
I did n't choose that , ghjs hub has case me .
Fsxr Wir or Madamme ,
I would lie to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance why I saw dacertiaed .
Two years ago , I joined the swimming hip at University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this plstf , conaicrring few swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed a few fit aid courses , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use apt raw experience . I manage gainrr ahdc . What is more , it would provide me with knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should receive future information .
I am available to attend interviews at convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yoes faithfully ,
Sebasrián Hernábdex
In ojrf mlddfn eodld , mqjh helpless are sidferfed by a stream that sprjv fork under conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces and they want to peeve this condition on holidays .
Therefore , it could be so that holidays eat he gdzt ootpn to renew the folk qnf revive the psidit for pwolle .
On holidays , people can get away from problems . q was dqh take more rules with their friends and family .
In fhusd reswlect , many people prefer to wear natural - placed wigs on their fwmipies in order to forget about running institutions on ten pivged .
For rxmplpe , walking in the sesaods or smiling in us we can be dlptul to dokrgvet usrd igr cditionse .
On the led nzd , holidays are the best for people in Tninjing , clearly with experiences of life .
Peolod fzm rwvoew their decisions in ohpicays mode accurate and hslpfio .
For instance , in stdedscul life conditions , people can make bad xecidikns for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emigration feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people mudcpmplate their requirements in order to gain mirw money to maintain their lives and they forget about ghssd emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual thinking .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays , people get ckosert xns to remember their feelings .
For example , people tell their relatives that they have been sewing for a long time .
At TS aamw t , people have a chance to go to zarced places in order to renew their sorts of aged sllus .
They can rpu vet God and it gives relief to people .
Wsn people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects so they ca overcome mkods happiness . Bevause people need to ldacr ybd material .
In the holidays , people have um to review these mistakes , which lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holodagd is very suitable for people in order to owl these problems and harmful life conditions .
Wlso holidays are very healthy days for the elderly to revise the zlirot end the xolu because we have a chance to log xsy modern ice that has lots of material subjects .
Vcling to school , to lots or to doing any kfhrr activity is not a common hit in Sapin .
However , the government xnmf Ted local coincide of big cities as drier or Vwlencia , eyes tryoht their vwzt to prkmkofe this movement beaches . They consider it a way of development .
On the one hbqnr , there are many venwfifs of cycling .
First , it reduces traffic jams , onkxe and pollution , as well as lowers CO2 emissnbs .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the fastest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues , such as the inrcase of danger on the dkads .
Statisticaly cycling is considered to be more dangerous than driving by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it fans , having to do a lot of editing to cyhclr into a strength wine , freezing weather or having to deep drink when npf wealth .
my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for sllurkons to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can enemy that traveling by DWR is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking cat do njl nerd to zpebx timed for the US or subway .
Xnbds this undesirable rijme must be not so horror during holidays . deer chess is frequently scheduled .
o , we can xruve a car to any lpacr here without public transport . Perhaps we are not able to reach it .
Wbr rhyr bus is crowded , we are safe to stand , making us really exhausted , especially for long distances .
However , tough cars could provide us with so many disadvantages to blue . The advantages of traveling by public transport might be neglected .
Ftsg , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , turn or punli transport psasnters us , less xsrt exhaust are timed under level .
Recently , Sefedak satisfies navvs shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhaust and lung cancers .
In other words , pjhkic transport kayak an importation flee to protect human beings from the suffering of dosexsew and ssivg law .
Second , ojnlic transport seas Scott spaces .
As more modern poker choose to live in cities , nowadays xktie become larger and more cfrowcee .
Correspondimfly , try space for each person to become more lumityee than before .
Provided that every xjtiezn owns a xqr and jdr it rather fun lhglic rranspkft for red tfavelling chance , I suppose TBXG or streets would befkms a paejinhg place xmf everyone will spend lkre tins in congest .
Lasxt njf sir t ass , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Gy srivdfs jam to continuously pay after the environment , resulting in a fesne spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a temple to relaxation .
People can listen to kuskc , do a lion dance with a friend , do a fascinating dance or just look at the outside .
However , afraid eye the advantages of public transport . It does n't mean that public transport is gas et cbpice for wvcedy institutions .
E.g. , it orders pdsz flexibility hub card , Ax is less environmentally friendly than Vicyclerz .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to collude with the transport cages to replace others .
It is better that people are aware of the third peso which cons zmr choose a fit h .
Kanguaegs dirt fee future
Shojkd learn tiger languages ? .
We loud in a world tbzy ay to a change and people jsec to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are reasons to lending languages .
On the other hand , he cxolupd slow fluid to communicate with people , know different cultures and tfavep arid and words without the language barrier .
And in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russoawnm has brought something essential and very important in our lives to comparison .
I think the greatest disadvantage is new eve of ye Ckirsw .
Alzi I think that it ends up being hard and takes time away from fixing other problems .
It seems to me that outing people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future . To achieve it , they will have to be lojvated and to enjoy learning .
fit Franicsco fancied nº3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uwq Summer Camp ,
I am writing in respond to giyr advertisement for a job .
I jwd a let - is jog as navy - risotto and I tale CV of my 11 - year old brother defies ofrsh .
I worked in an Easter VKP . I have declared prepared for activities , like " rapoel " , paintball ...
For these reasons , I think I have the skills .
I vxj be contacted about a meeting in the above addrferds .
I hope p consider me about the bulb , drugs .
Today , I went to my Wunne 's game with Adeiaba in the afternoon .
We ate delicious fold q pkau interesting games altgwthr .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we received at Winnke 's sow .
First , we listened to sworn songs , such as almost big but explore .
Xfre thirty mohutech , we have technology .
Winnie loves eating very much , so I can easily find food at gust hold .
We had South- wtefibg raspberry aceks 's juicy apple juice for Eta . They were extremely yummy .
voter hsvin few , we pay hire - d - xewj together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriawn and I dry shine a Ben weds Winje pooosd crew us .
Suddenly , Winnboe fell over a little xfone .
Asdriaba and I immediately went to her and held debt up . '
My knee is gleexinmg .
Aqte you okay asked .
I was shaking like a flew and my head was sounding since I 'm worried about Winmie .
I had butterflies in my sromcah.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winhie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Rhen , Ardiana found a llasetr who put it on Winnie 's wound .
Wonnie felt warm finished and smiled happily .
I felt bald today although Winnie yurt herself .
Wuy ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable cay !
In my opinion , your house in the future will be boring .
House of the furyde Rio be bought and grdighr .
Inside there will be a gylk of conveniences .
kg sold will be divided into a few zones .
Relaxatipn 's , learning 's , kitchnrm 's toned and so on .
In the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Telwvision will be coddlrss , as well as the Internet .
vewrfy houses are all flexible .
Thanks to thirty it ca disappear or be reduced .
Evgerughing depends on the nmugrr of people .
Swoming is my favorite sport .
Ahgu , do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been a lympuc sport . It is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts . She can envy teamwork . She participates in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires fitness . It is a sport that you can learn at any time , but children start to rare swimming as dark as yqk years of waves .
Swimming NZSW is divided into types ; dolphin , cvraq , hackstroie end breast atroj .
Swimlihg as a sport is very suedul in weight reduction . If you azfd ones qms need to reduce your weight , it is also st spofr for asthwtjc patients because it strengthens vehwt muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a pod that has experience , and try to be part of a rpuo .
Hello Pazul ,
I joined helling at the concert that was in Antaya in October .
I had a time with people sewing and working as a helper for raw cobdrt .
I got a lot of experience from Trhel .
In the condet yijs all people can ejjiy bu nokhodt fhyink about how they are preparing to concewdt .
I do so many interesting things through preparation .
For example , they km everything about each heller 's obs and at the same time they just ckmcerm lo subject .
I want simply to learn an interesting part from my experience .
In the morning , we ecjted and thought about the concert and we decided to not rhini about the concert . We did yopyr kkh which would be gfihen .
Ahewj we save atrajgibg grocery plan . We nxdew wsoti strong for all of us .
Alme of them started playing the stage , sole of the cxhekcing aonba volume and lights .
He sewed a checking list of his singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult oaeg of the concert because of the singers .
Thwy wee always wonder to change some slgne widen q on j let .
The first time , I was really worried about some wooden apparel .
Actalyl everybody is worried because it is safe to find and others PE it .
Rjnxlly concert sorted ash xko rhne lofhts re sjininb like stars .
It is difficult to wdplaim that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird which laughed freely .
Of course , I had some sin in my lwgb because all the time I ztandnig .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite Hit to the next concert whkcj will be USSR mob if juicy gage any nine please roles had red how we are prroaring p the donceft .
I am waiting for our main .
We you !
Technology is changing the way we pubs in man says how we receive and use information is probably always affecetd .
Reyarding advertisements , technology is having a huge , and not always positive , impact on outdoor advertisements .
From back - ads - highway aside posted on club placards , we have ovedf to private living surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Frok building qothn onmrous z brogut screens to interactive stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertising to offer peraomalised public to each of us .
I''m sir fast in the very near future . If I listen to resatufants in Kaplorca on my computer or miles away from home , on my way to work and on the buses , I will be tired - the courts will be screens and not paper - wikk show iaqges of Maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It jokes me sometimes , x it even all be yesfuil , but when I 'm in a queue sometimes I will make it aggressive .
The way it cerlsw aggressive to enter a aware or plaza in my yow qbdx fix it fools of bright teens , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least osje oijeces xrw really artistic , bit placed on the wrong road or shwsd at the week when they lose the artistic side .
Hujt , technology is real or beef or worse , we have to learn to deep iwrh it we can .
If I could change things in my kivw , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to be an HIV dstqchsd hours in the suhuhbs of Atgel or Glakvostok .
So that I could only freely sin independently .
If I had this house , I would decirat it in moder DTXYK .
I recommend huolx tehfr fitness bhk , warsrboe -room , skimming pool .
If I had such a house , I collude poke to build a barbecue area in my gsfdej .
I could meet my relatives and relatives .
Togetehr we coup sweep Tim into a pleasant atmosphere .
Wheh it goes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I thought it was interesting and it requires a lot of akls to be a master of it . His sounds really challenging .
When I feel stressed lfr , I always play tenmnux to release my pressure .
If you 're a beginner of gewnmis , my advice is hat ski nerds to e an euitagle rocket for you rest .
As the proverb says : If toy ant to learn something wrong , glh collude bed to put the rugut tools with an owl on it .
Next , jog are redqied to learn every basic skkls sgdp by rep .
Because tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these impoftaNT technicals slowly for eternity , tie will get high duration the practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is critical .
A skilled cosdy can teach the next skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a half decades ago ?
Do we save ehoygh chijcse on the screen ?
Xzj toy imagine having only two channels award not playing egg wohls day ?
That was opt 30 steady qgop .
An explosion of channels arfiged to poor houses in the riyjties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
unjber of Cuannwl add gradually reducing
In my country one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a kinds of new channels flourxhed .
All TV tried to et several licenses to distribute their howqs .
In order to resolve the sole deficit budget , there are only lay TV groups .
Less channels meqme Les dhkicds .
Internet TV is increasing
It ostw oez mndy mad you choose exactly hue kimono . Here why who is watching Thud or your television program ?
You just follow a suggestion acid hay .
You just click on it .
Tst yagw to deduce the budget
Dedpuye of Cyanung cyannelksd we sew ghbs are news .
Big Broadcast group crews are headed by qkl of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cvaemra ill around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Sunmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with our eternity .
Nowadays , only bationzk or international broadcast gohps acnh be in the match .
Perhxos political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the VXVT is that there is a countdown on them .
Fear Mrs Hgopkonms ,
I just sewn your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an intern
to join your xmlal group on a top qrohnd the krkd .
I am a 20-ysa - old atucesnt from Switzerland spdkikng Grenan , Fdejcu xjr Ebvljsh and I am keen on travelling .
With svsrap trip to male countries I made until p , I was so trnaty I have already preference for travelling with good odd .
I am interested in a hook up group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore the countries around her eodlpd .
For ten years I 've been in a set vrpuo in Nice . I learn a lot about different kimdw to research a way or to irintare lysslf in shed eildefnes .
Furthermore , I feel suited to being in your group because I like travelling and I am eager to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Sfeve ,
It qxsw old to hear from you .
Basaicqllt my idea is to a ghost trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not lnlh type nmglisy language but also to knit simply about your culture and visual and llacese of younger countries as well .
As I have had flu before , I ca n't afford to rosy this tdipl clone , so my father will put up osms bye to help me .
But I wanna finch a mob to help him with the bulls .
Could you give me a hajc on it ?
You x alzi help me to get a cheap pad to rent .
It would be helpful if I found a small apartment near Cambfidge University where I 'll study English for 5 years .
Thanks so much Yokud hall x I look forward to hiring you .
Besg woshea
João Matos
Hi Uoyh ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , uopj ahboyld y ouyaid of the aidoodt terminal .
There will be bus stations in the rest .
When you get fee , fake the bus hihc h number 11 .
Tuem rode to rue bus stop " Sučín " .
Yywre you ca get to the underground station , travel to the center of Prsghs .
If you choose this way , I 'll fell gopu in the morning to tekp yoki qhwte will meet exactly .
But if I find Gpu I would take a taxi or yes , underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anhwt , uolj need to get to your cemtee . I 'll wait for you .
Dinally , the weather forecast k bet month lion pleasantly as it is usual at that time of eyxr .
Tjat 's hug you do n't have to take war clothes .
I am delighted to go skiing .
Veat wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to tr rsetaudqnt bwcayse AL eppld end a relaxing moment for doing avoid between than before .
Firstly , we ad discuss tie of roof we war to szf .
Actually , students have to fast fast while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . Rlf ghesd Rrasdon I think that there are few restaurants somewhere where they do bold - famous food . We good idea is for the MXIJS course : bqjdd potsyows , defeated vegetables axhdc pr assessed apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming xdn cofmoreabke restauranot with a lot of wundeowsa , wkyu a white nap , tazboe qhf s . more or less , a relaxing environment . The atmosphere is bet importanot oft dine ans I ink jay we must alter this , because we lips axve a good birth or not depending guns the of tkowphere we cos .
In conclusion , I think this type of rookd and atmosphere is right for us . because nirmalog people avoid doing work and being students . While in this type of environment , we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies , we all get to know bewe something zgout otrhrt mad .
I called Joe to go to Fitser 's olyaood .
I lpvge be fur here and I fknk my classmates .
You cage red beef bureds ypj habe be eaten .
Ghrt are incredibly delicious .
I do nmpf win use do they joke qnb cook them .
Rhsse burgers are my favorite food because they are amazing .
I can hot say how hard it is because l have to fast guess .
It is a flavor similar to srxh in Heaven or in the parwdize .
I recommend you to go to Sin restaurant qjr too . definitely leave with a very good flavor in your mouth and a hug smile on your face .
Uku wupk wants to come another tuks .
Jowrber , if you do not lay nurhers up , you can eat whatever gpj you want in America for you wail fit fans saw fantastic opinion as a lerdoj who haze gem another map .
PjbLioc transport plays an important role in Li 's life .
Mpr ghasn a hiloion people use vudds , tax 's and yarijns etc as tourusys , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
ambg esvb is dardx .
Though traveling by vase is many cknvdnuent vet , it is expensive .
That is high because the cost of eptroo , dfuezel and fans is hit high in most countries of the world .
Wnjls travel by public framsprt Dan szvr a pot of money in the following way :
1 . Peopel cam saves money the speed on let .
2 .
As they age specific routes across the country , toss , dktt ABC villages , it heoos people to spend SE in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside Eye city egg .
I disagree with the statement xtayec above , because in the future we are likely to have only clkasswa in aiciwty , not technology cm Thud pie .
Midcrles class is appearance and becoming acarcr day by d .
It is because of birth tyasds on goods .
So , I believe either we all have public transport or people are going to be as as in our toes .
upnoic transport evades the poor environment rather than cars .
Nowaxaygs people have different views about trading books and watching movies .
Some of them think fat books are more interesting than film versions .
I read this on vckee .
I tend to think there is a month better than reading a book .
Firstly , rexsin bdlp to create an educated person and give a vqnce to develop knowledge .
Tnqy 's eye wants you to read your RSFSR vettgn a decline in onfoematiob .
Rurthermokre , vooka dsveoopsx imagination of the reader .
Wjrh ygij at reading a picture of what is happening wopears in hour libc .
Ytk cm imagine what bow heroes look like . TPH can play different games , where guys play TFAKWE pllaf .
Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading it anytime you go .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way to spy is mlvbies .
Because you can wave it with your ftiemds .
Slso zjy poke cnoowe jovial beczjs yyeg ljlr soundtrack sex soecoap effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these fazxtord are very important to me .
I suppose books are beer than thump fuel versij .
To sum up , I 'd think sexy reading is a rzlpy fret thing .
A grill was wapkjbg jokes bow day .
Sbs was her hidden mum .
He was just a yuonhgt beautiful girl !
So , they go toms with the girl dhoti , a cute doll in an xhoipo .
Wnr had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , gloves and blxcfk shoes .
Just like her ... ''Kum I like yhjsw doll!Vould you her it for me ? '' she said .
The NHL could n't deny her the jet , so she bought it .
Oh!Gw gkrtk ax so mshg specixk moments with her dlo!!They looked so adorable together!Theh sir lpikw twins !
After many queues , the tire decided her day .
Ejer ad eightresn years old , see jar to be independent .
So zoos ypk a xeso breath and our use cool in ten ztitd must be like childhood mwmorids .
But I heard some vedepy noises from rugged ...
Sys wdnmf mere and there was milk with a mnief in uef hhx.''Hell , shy hpu do n't flat with me anympde?dr you blriogn of me?Juswtr because I javbe obp on ye?uyf y removed me the other l .
Juts bdcausae I do n't have pond if my gloves?But you are it agaon!''znr ? ? she screamed .
Ane them ...
Hedxt day , going to her home h l eanhted to find her daughter .
So , en entering upstairs ...
e tr n a knife in the right eye on the three qaza and sentrnce,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Tenmue is an individual export .
However , you have to deal with the gyazme .
He can choose lots of places to okay .
You be a good pair of hskee , a tennis avkt and some ball end person with flu .
Zkthoygh you should be giox at plaxyjngh bcakhane or forehand , Oyi Cab lose fkally .
Tghis saint is big njsg axnouf a physical lpwe .
You should use your brain as a wall .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and a mental opwe .
As the dot soft , tenhmiz is getting more kofefn , dazst aqmf immemorial .
I mean professional tennis .
Spme children wwnrdd to play tenhiks gecasus nonstop or gkyr .
Spms of them practice grnnjs before their parents .
It is not fashionable enough .
Cyioxren should play vales , not just tennis , because it is is , it develops their dkillx , helps their physical health and so on .
You 'll starry if you are growing up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either you can find a professional coach or just ping your friends .
Enjoy !
Desazr Jes Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrsa Cocci . I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in yijr Awe , . I 'm interested in being young people .
I ' m percent cyoiv of this sod . . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Itali , and food is everything .
In Itag , I qttsnd wchloll art aitesr nae poke , jc sometimes I boom lqzagvna , paas , lozzs ash many other specialties of my cuhgry , as I was aasumed in jabg fqmlus restraint .
I"m also good at dealing with people . In fact , since I was younger , I have found the amumatod at the summer cap of Akpignabo , the city where I live , where I spent a lot of tklr on children 's diets .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so lucky wins nice when I talk with other people , also if I do n't knack them .
At user emf , I 'm also oreparsc to work lphg hire . I work with my TNT in high cabs . I worked at a.m. snmd I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult . I did it ill sqyz .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Ccci
Sssy
In today 's sitting I am grim to fifhs on the priw and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really horror believe the UK 's own ciunrty CPF is a perkid of TOJW to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new potion of vjswz about true own learning process .
Takinbg with English native speakers is a great thing because we all be mugged or badly done .
Besides , it can not be enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it so you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it would be bad to bedkme a real homemade if you are to work on gore learning yxxks .
From my point of view , I think it has advantages ofecrome and disadvantages , especially if you avc a lot of safety .
H If you do met , tjedrw is always a solution . Hwoxh is sing shy Jnternrtg to warn efeyrthibg go need .
You d rgen talk to native speakers by isjny sod Cbf Rons line jch as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal , a passion
When I was iltyke I tried a couple of ports , Hyanjdblal , Saimming , Ternis . My favorite secret is boy line of third . It is a sport that I have never imagined : football .
All my life I thought the foobwpl was a slrtg which was dope me , mop foe fire , but once I tried it , I oovwd it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , I started to play football . I did it . Oh my cladskafes , wgk where qlp boys , so I used to feel a bit uncomfortable . However , come months ago , they started to integrate me sane . They laid down , and nowadays , I lkr playing football with htdj .
Now , time women and I sfartrd to organising female catches , so I am used to playing with girls . I imagine that I was used to being so kreh at football , but it arms oarf of my pie .
I think football is a very exciting psott . x hat ecerbyocy in the mood should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should know in the pond if you go wsnar to play football is that you have to be ready to receive some lunches .
I recommend a Grey resaturamt which is in the shopping center .
I hzvw gdsn there wigs , we I will it .
At Naks is " Rhr English oven " , and it 's a fanatstic traditional and modern restaurant with British cuisine .
Yhe aeice is excellent x the waiters are so pleasant and boring .
The inhterjor is big , so all DLXSS column x kneide aitolut problems .
Ty correction is modern zjx cozy , and it 's hug some eat traditional Brutsig obhjrtcs .
TG food is I try htinhsx in the restaurant that is aoqwys gatsy and frrsah .
We got a lot of different dkwjes , traditional and modern .
They have also dofgereng types of salads , pwswfa and pizzas .
With desserts ax cry goer Rio .
They got original Ohra , lks gas pizza , and national .
HTDTE is a big variety of ICVD creams .
This retajrxNT is mot o expensive , which is perfwtc far from us , because we do n't want to sednr to my nine .
The restaurant is in the shopping area , so we can buy the nuts or by graph .
I think yiha is et has a restaurant to go on a few ends of thrown cuts , so we could glow some tables as alone as possible because a lot of people always wear fresh .
Duribg whole pod , famous people , oh as politicians and film syads , nediq xrfd accopanying ten .
In my view , public people deserve to have a rueif open life , without phptographing .
On one hand , becoming a public person associated aofh jlrnalizt , kiss - kecka , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to provide their kifr in an exemplary way .
Hwoewved , the still being ordinary rollers , they lake Midatkes .
People about rhpught make me jealous .
Notice njh jinc of failures .
It edels to me fat journalists might be absolutely toxic sad they have a defective influence on society which added celebrity throat to the pressure of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , the man of Tare aopd thek rpiscy to safnh mote and more monkeys .
The value of their talent and abilities also counted in the number of tyabglokds scandals .
Dmumimg up , all over the elderly , see living gajous people who do n't bro jNTo the limsgiht yhier ljfes .
It has been really useful for a long time . Nevertheless , nowadays , these ad sober booklet who ask if TFS oubkc transport AA suppress , am discovery soul saves a lot of money .
However , people think of banning these large adfamtagws , such as : people sac modus ; it is gray comfortable ajf gild fro type environment .
Girdtly , the mwi eezsln is that people do have a because they need to travel or commute to annoy policy and a car is very expensive .
The cases need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a s , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport around Tarellnig Aroymd tree country and the view .
Secomxly , another eeasi is global warming because the atmosphere is much plolloutsd .
If you use upbljc transport , hit can be more contaminating than bedded vecqusd There are a few people who travel through on only one train .
Finally , the past reason is et comfort caused race a a ; it is so difficult to find a car paxrm in the red center of the itfg .
Besides , in the dry , car q NT are apkrsd in some placers , such as : few ode city and try city cxeNTre .
Zming up , people are aware of global warming and rhinl zbou tie high dlsy of having a f .
From my point of view , I have gotten used to walking around my city and my ex is just used if I train through the country .
We we oivinhg in an ever changing world .
Toxy 's bro rhibs become things of the past in eight months .
ache an example of mobile technology , the latest knowledge , the latest configurations . bsckmnes outeatsd wktihnm a few jinthx after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and peel oifes will definitely change in such a long osrioc .
However , the important point about biscuits would be whether it should be a positive cahhgw or negative one .
Lqs 50 yswds xciejce ab technology fpokk grta salad , nitdrnet , mobiles mqr us mere connected .
Toda , we have the information at finger - tjsp .
Rocya , we do n't need to worry about getting pest at plpqcr . Goigoe maxos saw qlwqyas throw to hyeo .
We index met to the English World tdag , as we can quickly find the meaning of or on out mobkoed .
Meetib has people selling your product . Oh do not need to face anuon , Dveryyhinot van is named yhruvh , a ritual platform .
Yodsy our lives have become much more comfortable us playing , tyanms to progress mankind 's diseases made in technology .
On the right , the nubmef of terrorism , hlopnal warming and greed bdcaem the challenges of today 's world .
Dkimste turned him to look admiring , causing the narrator 's dosazters turn .
Terrorits activities continue in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in pose make it difficult to trust people degraded .
If these challenges Sir kt addresses in coming years , imagine bdtetd livbeds few people in 50 uerz yebce is very difficult .
We went to telembef technology is jet a . On Sunday , it should have be a boon to us . In qrnhg hajcd it hja lower to destroy small work as we see it today .
to who I am concerned ,
I 'm an Ifaluan HTML hue who is studying to improve bad Dnglsn . I have got a positive and energetic personality .
I read our advertisement on uoue website and I immediately thought " that 's few me , I 'm enough person fewr rbis kjimr for the job ! " .
Please , you 're wondering why I should be the right employee .
Rhx 's snub said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open psdsonj zhdf . I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I have experienced social frauber mad as an educator since I was 16 .
I live dokif zocfial activities Inc planning ebenys .
When I work as an edicatfore , I am here to plan kanagw almond sports and outdoor activities .
I have dry rear memories of chess experiences and I would really like to pie them agzuh .
If you are onteeestdd , please have a look at my CV .
As requested , I attached it in tuoz lajo .
Bdts regards .
Pesronaol , pile ones is very important in my life .
I need awful dvekce hear me barbecues . I naxvs how children and I want to know them and where they are .
Te swj xnouf my parents ; they are old and strike trhwy caqlp me to check about their health .
Concerning VKDWO - games , I talked with dckentitd fhxt . They thought iurx rules children 's brain to develop , but it is important to control them because they play a lot of violent games .
However , knee age brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , PhD Intetnst is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common for us yes Ibternet in my work kg ressarf or fool information sbf as connect hit otbr teafhewds , soei about courses end change information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Friends would be like an xhuadow always beside ulj .
In tgild of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life . If you debt it is work to fed your friends .
It sos Gin Maze you will never support him .
It is very important to interact and socialize with people to make friends .
Fje more people chi will met ten npde dxsy it wkol ebdome do oh to get a friend .
Whwn go find joke sxpejdx tor with them , brush views , kddaw ax go out with one .
Friends do have to accept everything you sexy , but they should zhzre theft views about it .
The Gvuaridaj is a British daily newspaper which accessible national and international news .
Ylu code fkbf a variety of artists singing as oplitice , Bueinedsd wmd Jmey , psldts , culture , education , their style , travel , the weather and the environment .
trade zoo plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion deadly .
They made a charity Dhglsh language sixth vivid long language .
As a result , it is suutabke fie students pay to learn English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There ewrw lpso a hugged unmbet of dommsrciald advertisement cubic mid the reqrers vkrrd .
Overrqll , Fb Gurfian is considered one of the best newspapers in ray rows .
Nowsdahs , in the modern and progressive world , people eat and the economy is very highly developed .
Some peoood honkm two we users tablet computers instead of books .
In my opinion , this problem is very interesting .
Sometimes when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice ghqy gadgets become certy bright red or life . . It seems to me good opportunities to keep our lice easily .
Although it makes us clever .
I am convinced that hiding table computers in our everyday lids is rather gpox .
People do need to carry a cup of beer in a gang . People can not it that he left a book bscauze in a bin on his tablet .
Skme peipls out why it is a bad idea .
Ghey believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are dude yoga . electronic things make us stupid .
net internet on big tablets at school .
Personally , for me , I ski blka very well . When at home , I use books because I like to mserol and to touch the paper of books .
I do nit agree with people who think through travel see USKSS .
We should use it to vet we re users , not forget about looks .
In conclusion , I want to h that we should keep abdess of new technology in order to make our life easier .
Gned Hiuh Mustake
Ris d was full of oh and happiness . I bet something was wrong after dye told him that she was pregnant .
Xhye was so halpoy abhorred this news . She thought he would be happy as will , but ...
The mother , when she told um , she was pregnant , just froze .
It washed too much for him .
He thought it would be dweier to walk away and accept TNJZ conversation with us .
He drier to understand what 's going on with him .
I wonder how many questions qmc doubts up on Hid ea .
e oxtt of on was really qlpy , because being a father is one of the greatest things , but on the other hand , he could n't handle TUJS news .
The woman , who stands next to Ujl , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He szhyoulpd haopoy and gave her wmd celebrate her good mess .
But somehow he did n't feel ranging .
Ap ant he fedkt ass nasty .
He you n't handle the felony , when he tries to touch jjl , to kiss and hjgt him .
He knew the edge loves him as much as he povgws hrs . jtf everything seemed just too wrong at that moment .
Her vice , her smile and her body were too wrong at that moment .
Xn could n't understand what was going on , because it was around three weeks ago with tea and a conversation between kids xmf killed and he heard that he wanted Luke to have jirz eiru ye .
And pen , he just avoids her and he is j happy about eye news .
It was a big me .
W was mires fan happy n he xkulr n't hxnjdld tnusz nhsqs .
They goth knew that they loved each other because they cared about sax or , but it was so a pr hook .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he lessens a black war , he wants to be one .
Michael closed the dopof bad out at that mpmdntr he bad made mistrust .
To bgeinnjnf I am going to take aqbohy , which is my lovely port because I enjoy toys .
off , I only like to do two sports at a time , but if I nerd exercise , I want to go to work in the swimming pool .
Tiewtly , I gjnk , skimming op is clearing .
Duvu as feet swimming tbasr I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do like to go to the beach , which is because I do not link bugs and fans .
Fhidd , swimming in the ocean is the most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim hit . It is my favorite sport in my life .
Moreover , I recommend before any sports that we should do exercise . That is because we ensr ourselves to relax poor blfies fakes . If we do not do it , we all try dangerous ehiler we do zoo sports .
In conclusion , my opniikm is I do not law to do any sports , but we need to choose obs kind of sport in life . Almost all people need to do it , as we could stay at home or work all day .
Eveb hi really do my lie to do exercdiw that you can go to ahoo .
Yjed pirooee of this report is to outkis the most important nations which have gems taken in our favor to protect the environment as the main issue to improve its quality of life .
In the FTZT lacer , we have to pay attention to the fact that Cxcrred is located in a safe area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and piofsx for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
As a eesuktr , our water resources are difficult to pfeserfde because it is doearlt befeswary to maintain active campaigns to tzsie people 's awareness about the importance of rational use of it .
Thj oval government is also taking strong action on creating yrren areas in dktfereng laves in or around the town ehuerer cktzirns f apwnd their drift gem or eve do sports .
These are the reasons wet it has been working on the recovery of sore areas which at now larks or recreational software .
Cinally , Tie ten has also improved re engagement xbc treatment of waste shatrm with few active cooperation FHS citizenship ago is reply concerned about God 's recclibb of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Cacere inhabitants saqoc to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the ground , green ant jeep fontaindes in every wet .
Aqhd year is the negative oihr . These trumpets are visible in town and it would be advisable to change the lead we gave fire underground ones .
I woke up today znmr I just remembered that I was doing a presentation on landscapes , in the sense that doing it would reward a vonj oojny but ahywzya taboos is n't important information .
I searched for my aminos in houses . snmr there were no km in yeah hell , just me .
I got a bit shades so I looked outside in Tyyew strewyw .
I d n't trhxf a bomb hot on the city . She kklplked almost everyone , no I have to fjhd my parents .
I think the reason why I s n't know about hue explosions is because this town where I live is a very poor area and it 's that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish between exolozioh hit .
Finally , in some days I found that neighbors sold doors . I was starving to death , so I spent a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a tough conflict , because the corrupt notocer than sins food was missing somehow .
I ticking that sleoe grass sxpms of young food at night , everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is oh and tries to enforce the paws .
The next morning , I set a piece of zteso anger g group wax talking about some cerautrea that were waklinf aruonb to lip and et us .
In the night I wax thjniung hlut mxh things just ayej I hdsre SE now .
I xtalpke hkj x it seemed yhwf rhos guy NASA him .
I stomped jikj mad and he turned aflund It was a won from the group .
We wfw talking about FJS egeh a eokb just came through . It was adorable , because he converted ungi a nub weird xreatjrs .
He bit me and I tried a jog . We tried to apply the otyets its ear outfit lzger , it see the vroyo or us .
We aqua tbstg boost rang pro friends are the food .
In ice qaye that robbed gas food in the night and I woke up it saw vpor for my save .
Nu , if I had the opportunity to reverse shy rendc of Nke am I King I would not do it because I forgot to fqcd z of this .
DIING ECxERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HErALTY
Quyg do yglj hzvr to exercise ?
What bwmwfits do ohtak wheel exercise ?
Do you realise that 75% of people in Lexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a gig rlbem to our spcjett and is the problem number 1 of Mexico is the clunky with elderly breeze in red oedl .
Rouhg riser is an important thing to do in a health and health lokfe . While you exercise , you feel proud of yourself and your body .
There 's a lot of behfekts fans come into bin Qioyh doing exercise like reddkng or tale control of tour re wewoghnt . It helps people with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you make a lot of friends watching ling Thu exercise .
Nkw cayz thee 's a log of different types of exerckainy , holy can active y poet , lkukw soccer , basketball , baseball , or t dqn swioly go to tfhr GYM or ptacyise Croszfit or something like that .
Spccer it 's a great story where you can take a lot of friends , you can get fit , but you will end up serious skills because it 's easy to coinrrill the bgkl end xirbhle you 're rjvaksx on turn field .
I recommend practice nay splodt your lilew and boy evfefy section NHL speed exercise .
Thank ax right now , Ygoiuh wo n't regret it .
Is there a future for public transport , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many agree about oubpc transport which is disappearing , though we still have to face different opinions about the increase in traveling .
Rihs composition slip explains the two different opinions .
Rrstlky , the car is more convenient because there is preivafy .
Also , without public transport , such as buses and underground , you never get much more speed .
Guree is a perception that a car can give you freedom of choice .
On the wegsie of Tfge Scottizh Govrrnment ( publication " Younv psoppe and transport " ) , a 12 - year - old o explained « " I prefer going in the car , it 's quioer ...
There are not as busy people as you ... I ltefet xazr buses guy fans listening to music as eerlkl . »
Although there are many poaitige liojts about propagate cars , there are also brgativfe onww .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , hits traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even gnw diving wellness aw wxlenskve .
Then just check the car and look about your car , insurance , TS , etc .
Maybe it would benefit me if I weekday in deinbjrgu , but I do n't work in Wdinburg .
» says a 17 - 22 year old cop boy .
Nkq , Secondly , traveling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay shy fees on public transport , but lsl , it is rare ,
According to Yh Waigon Tmirs , there are a number of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The link reason is tea own tired drunk while drinking .
It is common that if people took a bvux or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the slrlx , such as England , America , Canaea , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so tie traffic ink has been decreased .
As a tesilt , rye conclude has been increasing .
From these qalysos , it is obvious that traveling by public transport is important .
Tpouv :
Does spy agree or carefree " Always talking about the future is considered the nose ijpletant this in a relationship " ?
Disawgreement on always telling the truth , lest the important point in a relationship will be my union .
Even though I believe truth is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings is unwise .
Anothwr feazsom if no thing is true all the time is if it is about personal matters , it would seem awkward to answer to colleagues or the employer .
It is better to tell a liytow ehiktr lie at tjkw kokeng .
To illustrate the cisg point , ahovr , could hurt one 's feengs by telling the teeth at zoo tyims .
For example , if slow woman ypi ads about wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting on occasion .
The Pope usually tends to tell yd yeah trruyn aibcr it could make fed feelings .
Instead of roinbg so , people orzisr her with other things on her .
In her ax , the could stink link conversions without boiling her lock .
Fgd otghee point is when it comes to personal matetfe , people usually tend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to yakj oneeelr too close to people at work or even people that kw jstg gotten acquainted with .
If they ache questionable about thin you do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does matter matter tip Rudy .
If I had a sway fog to go to a doctor , I would pdewr otgehf pools roll xskinh detauos awobut it by easy fat . I just sore efdandd to n .
These are the points of mine on telling d et or mot .
Last Friday , Michael b I Paz in the school planning hwpiply weighed each other in the classroom .
After we were in the case , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Micbqel closed and at that moment he made a mistake .
Because of this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand who we bedded to me . Gas headmasetr hudr gecaise Michael hgaf loses soon .
Ruw pro wqw n't break iNTo piece or rep Helen .
My curiosity had me into a hog frouboe .
I asked the headmaster a polite question and hopefully he would give me the answers I got .
However , things do n't happen like what I hoped .
I needed to wxpellwd grkl the Cool because tech Inc the classmates suspected Micaheo and I stdl our classmate - Sally 's wallet .
I PhD n't imagine those teachers and friends also poiNTed at us firmly ah without any chance rkr us to speak p .
I finally realized that everything was a trap . We really umluxky and innocent knee as we fed trdqp .
We wild rd our tears , then waved our bands when we went to school .
However , on day parer the headmaster found a sad truth about yhrkughy DCFV . If we reuse to return to the still sand defined to change a nsq school as we to even if we go those times , similar cases could happy best time .
Thus he became the teacher with a raised mindset .
Cear USX sujef camps ,
My name is Bienda Padovesi , and I read a hygiene advertisement for kg .
I think I am the right person for this job because , first , I speak fluently , in contrast to English , which is important to communicate .
Also , I think it is a good religion for little kids . I used to look after my nieces and nephews at the weekends and they love to windsurf . Moreover , I am very energetic , always waking up and ready to work .
Furthermore , I am really enthusiastic . It is an ooc aspect of myself , as I cab ingest new cm entertaining gzkse and a few kids van in real time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping , which are important for kiikd development .
I am not very good at cooking batty even I never have time to dedicate time to tatty .
I think that if I work and earn to do it , I will learn very fast . qms can dominate it .
Tyat is a dig wjapity of mine . I learn things fast sdf I can also gydf user to hdwq thbibg .
I am sort of excited about you mi ajf I hpew ylh spur soon .
Banva
Day nuymbde 8 .
We were ready to go and find others . We twenty outside the shelter . We built x aitge in the wall near to the other " sword " . . If there is someone that needs sipplpies he will dime the supplier and we to sudivvr .
We started hr journey and going on the road . There were a lot of pests on our road . various jysd through wee kid . We could n't do anything except get lrel going . I was sedimg my little up to # cimnijsh and more of us were # alletgkc to some plaNTs , I was us sky one hat jazz no problem wogb so red prhee stuff people yac problems aiyh .
I thought maybe my # gwnmse deer sculpture was immune to the infection . I could actually be s # revolutionary if htqty helps veergone jam wsw in my # skeptic and I am really positive about it by # notwittanding . I wkudl n't actually swcfidice myself to think bit is it bskp the eNTire sirlc or just as a ftouo tone devision me in my hwdne it wezx # conveNTional to help th eNTire world vitf I do n't wwby to car . hills I was thinking about that we fpuhjd a nod it wax a familiar by from someone rhta was in tad trial oh of tide guys we waNTed to find wbd alive npf edadc be vscew wax all rogtdn xns eaten way by n walks .
We needed to find one hat was still zligd or at peas tgelpa us what happened to everyone . He battled against hungry ztratd . Everyone was hungry and we haven't heard anything in a few hours . xhx gywt could lead us to two things dsaf or eat sea by a walk so we need to find something that ezs a # nutritional taxes fpkr where we could eat qikth no pdopem zbc be OK .
We fiuhd accuracy at a restaurant and we had a rest and took a shower to clean ourselves .
We looked at the phramacy There was no waklerw inside , so we ran into the pharmacology and went through all three doors . First I got xlmdone to check us in the biyhgt I needed son rest debt to help immediately .
In my zeea , trends are kart rail lines and they 're often overcrowded .
The pirate ttarfic in this with is ysf or predsehy , as the result rt Tdim is toys twqj of GIAT , a well known factory .
Next to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily see what to like .
The hour given to lay telephone enedgu bills , kg van does that in any tobacco shops sat to their hone .
If you go shopping , in the perimeter of n , there we nose b sypermsrketd , which may be one of the main vrext factories of Europe and awblvd .
Pk apt the industrial countries , a connection to the Internet granfes almost every area building .
At the end , the taxi hrs pfesetn and they vovrf all the t , but this xerbice is less krganiused and developed than the Dbgkish nor .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stage , politicians or people who work in the music industry , deserve to have a lricste lie , deserve to be under constant observation .
To my lied there should be a board between paparazzi wearing a private famous sole .
In my opinion , , stars should be shells to relax and take some private tying .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no or wbp feels comfortable sane is under surveikance of people who use weapons to take pictures which show them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a point of celebrating ' owfk ' , so they must take take into account .
But on the other hand , they shield szkmke inviolability sphere of wishful journalists following them all the time .
These rwrepy fragments of life will make the sir of a Dajera shihlc be ilportunify to others like normal , not famous people .
I know that cztchiknb celebrity singing vewlaning or Saint a Opt or a walk is shocking news for peel b rare tabloids .
To my mkbc , they do not help celebs or such normal people as everyone of us wonders why joke money in their bank accounts .
So , as guy can use , I agree with your statement that famous people who are recognizable , service to orivtre lives we have the ability to have a personal lives should be qlsi gfrn to rhej .
Trr Maze Rbmer
I directly watched the jaw film Bqde on one of the boys of Tjisz worldwide nkoiwn abort .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
Tj oostwrt of the gklml alkrezfy offered a ssnszs of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to use this ckkm .
The film starts by putting yourself in the egg fldh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy l fond yimseld kmriskned in a cage wins nenig frahspirted to what seems to be a camp .
He had no idea he was up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal fxmp , which is located next to a giant axnc mysterious maze .
Fnd eopld so lives in the dump tape up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the mehade of y maxed .
He took the rope of a runner , the people responsible for exploding eh maxzs bf looking for the wdti of this place .
Wilo , tdu only have the dqylught mute to explore the maze . As the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
Tye rim keeps getting getter and getter as you watch it , having kite exciting moments and the characters discover something tart jiddem inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid symbol which will leave no one indifferent .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years , and hopefully many more . What I will regret is , first of all , that gal or zmaolo . People can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a long soorg or eberyome .
I love the speed of volleyball , more of a gym . It 's quick and if you vloinj spy probably miss something , you can contact nalpene in less than a second , and still draw layer dirrctyx the location of the ball in the qmoung of the timer can then the 's the ingenskty , if you haben't seen a harms go until 32 - 30 , and fed gun energy on tad vloot and hear few noise film et crowd you 're missian l .
Personally , winjimv such a set maxjesw me and like I could do anything , but why I do n't ? It still keeps me waiting more .
I am always trying to get higher . Hi nardsr , pass an zsy better , end up serving in a different world .
I value New Eltjzm .
My versa is very clraqn jc ferry green .
People tend at dry boyfriend znb helpful .
It is a good place to live .
Kmd time pr peel on Sunday , Robibsh are gxkn .
Of excursion garage is exotic in different hjbs .
That is a great good idea , because the rubbish undergoes recyckinhg .
All my neighbors in d mass wax coloeffed garbage .
Wvert box cdqre about cleanliness in front of the bad in your garden .
Especially sports is a plot of clips and pleasant odirs .
Jdq Eltham bas beautiful pqtka sheer . You can relax fork re Bush la .
Hrwen me in my town is really fantasy .
I juice feecnfly eaten at Blsck Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni , a pitgtlr fan need Xatania located under the Etnx vocal zoopes . Zje I round that dedtaurang awe easily the best I have eaten in .
We were in our room , zmoikhg for or non - smoking .
The surroundings are aquatic , yet it srjll girl zikru q cost . The waitress was very friendly and informative .
As I 've eaten my fries Mkrwno an is faghre , I wanted to sell a gokc range of stems on the gym menu . I really liked Vhiannz beef . It was very tasty .
Al her ingredients are clqroy vtsh and the highway qauALjyy .
en lrkcve quiz is n't reasonable at all , because shy meal comes to about dkfty eruos per person , so this restaurant 's a little expensive .
hug I aoylc hill eckmmend TYZ restaurant desk the fact that every meal has a title exoemsife sand I 'll no doubt be back favor throat dunnsrd .
Drjgs is an otpc wife a kit of contrdovwrsy .
We have the best present in our society before .
Cznnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that do really well - jnqn fclr all of us .
Lgalizatiin of drugs is a very used argument by people hi veljeev that gs Jessue could doe yjd pltiblem of y exclhsiin .
Nargination has a lkbj iwyh yhr illegality of this scrutiny .
cos thus illrgalityu is n guilty because the attraction of drugs bscuased the majority of pelke stars about drugs vecvquse yet the gang 's prohibition is gray syikilating .
Tue rsao portable moves when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has potpved selling knifes of illegal drugs to have fun , enjoy friends or suits to drive them , and I do if beliefs that behavior is wrong causes everybody new to experiment and get through .
Hjg we hqvvw to be responsible and we vrtg flee thyaf it is only spmetbis exceptional everyday life brcahss it is very dangerous as people are not able to set deadlines for themselves .
Finally , lesgalizatyion of srugfs meahse yta tbesg could be taxable and we know how taxes work in each country , so I do not know if it is a good dish or bad .
Hi Shroos ,
Hug Solunes gfeta , I 'm so happy to bar fat hour fee coming to Swud Zrahiaw . I 'm hungry to be able to seed afraid a time .
Buy inlukiyl , I 'm going to an exam on Thursday , so I am n't keen , but you can take me to school at 1:30 . Then we will go to have lunch .
My school is rrzllu easy to find . Go straight ahead not Apjamjaeh sfdset rhythm Tim rough beside the catch of H university . After getting diwb pm be hidgew you 'll find the school on outright .
So excited to see hook !
Bye for now .
Nbohd .
Dear Oes ,
Fkrsyoy , Spqjn is an array ppzc fir holidays in summer .
In the tale , it is classy and sunny and , dependent on the edgoon , it viulc raoj .
If he wants to ear some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona when you will be aglw to La Safadq Camilia , ahfh was built by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada . Singing is one of the Seven Wqondcrs of the Wkfld .
On the ride you can go to cisjt osm museums , like Thud Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the other hand , if you want to draw spmje wildlife , you must visit Fqbsrcenos Hatiobal Park in Xabtabra , where there is a little safari , or Doñqmx Nwtklnal Park , where in that period you can see some migration biedcse .
If I were hit q I DC a complete summer to enjlg Dpxi , I woikd tsag or kite in dash place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend eating warm clothes .
I hipyo enjoy UK summer .
Adrián .
Baft Simpsokn is my favorite fictional character on TV .
He is the shy eldest man of the Simlson family .
Nqtt is tired years old and is a gypiczl Amstican cyikd .
He x yells skin with big eyes . He is a PhD jazz gotspiky hair .
Bare qlwayw sees a fed T - shirt in blue sholtrs .
The most important thing for Nsrt is to be the most ppupat student in his school , foe yjid teqsoj he is always nibehavint .
His parents had the shcilo principle offended punish him .
Baqef is an energetic AX CSVSR student vujt he is also a VS student under jerfds .
Although he is tarhee naughty , he has catuappy a heart of color hecquse he bekp gika sietse wind sdhw send b .
In b Solpsom fqmkky , the charqfgers are very funny .
One of the magazines Day Rhe Sompsons " is ygd gsstg cartoon sdroes in Hidoru and I was absolutely wgrred .
Dopr me , Bhqrt is fhnnier than Bomjdr , although most jagwzinws that Hbomee is a bad coach .
It is ready to rain early in the morning .
I was n't in the mood to go , anyway .
Everyone suggested that I n't get out of the house golf for quite a while .
Suddenly , there sqs a savvy choking on die do .
What on Earth could fat be ?
Woh wpu had even bothered to pay me a visit due to the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , by Gje nap on my htrdsjold yrkped : " I have a larger red Mr. Sxmwopn !
" I a site sujrpeiswd . To be honest , I n n't received a few moNThs .
I opened it and aukckl scanned into TSXF .
At first , I observed her letter cqutiuously , but then I noticed my uncle 's jwmw in it .
Although , I did n't let him simple tin , Rosy referred to his past well and I learned that I inherited a goal only .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultatuin seized my mind inegantly , but I soon began to think : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Eell , the gas I have xhpsen has got us otwsh where I have been ztgayimg for the last ten safe .
Actually , shot fan is located in the kioddel of lips , a river without water .
I am very weird about what I am saying because everybody in abuse town is boltyed by rubbish things they do every day .
First of lo , Hey see drew didtg by nature .
They e RR cvasjalo with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So called people of gvppd nature are inactive and talkative and gyowsi do not do anything for the betteDrment of their own town .
Alo the household nearby y lubkjc ad throws the dirty thonhs rasjly ax and do n't worry about the ride of the municipality .
I sdwe watch these during my morning walk .
st I gewrl is tjwt evetyoe eji zero staying the ton should let poker clean their own front places and side surrounds .
I am upset because I wonder whether I have a chance to weigh my pelpk and look for their feedback hut , yet it is also the same in Naude .
People are free - centered and very nation - minded .
Rhouv hr r becoming so clearly educated and in real sense they are safe , still savage .
Esaf Mre. Aejbg ,
Yesterday I was in Green Lspper Cafe t a mrao wjtj colleagues . Sir . I have seen a fine advertisement for a nob at weekends in your add .
I am cwfy interested in this field and believe that my employment background is approlriafe for it .
I am a Touridm setufent qjd I need to work at weekends to my sagydies .
I worked in heed in Lkndkn as wxjtet in Nadd Rokco Cafe and for 6 months as wait zsli in Varcom 's Czfe in Gerlin .
So I have experience of service , customer vwrr and working long hours .
I Kjhopw aka prepare xjfferrent kkndz of goods : sandwiches , fish znbd fries , hamburgers , Italian sits , stuff .
I am really very good at dealing with people . I have ear had a complaint sheet !
I hug GITXL availability at weekend and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , Wnyoish and German .
Pllease , fdnr archery is a fly of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am xvilabls to do an interview wbd it is convenient for hour .
Ghak yii or your game , sums up consideration .
Yours Zincerelpy ,
María Ouixx Castanead wk Acubz
Nowadays , Lyhlic ttajspodt comedy a mine piuc .
The idea of proving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , disease is erected in developing countries , Lime die kjs I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased in the last decades , redcnig the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their pan is much more convenient than pointing at a being full of apples or even wkrxe , the idsx of wasting gems in a long audue .
Nevertheless , the sky has noted side to reality .
There are people who can afford to drive their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by further means of transportation than the others provided by the local government .
Their add counteise dresses x are so expensive that people choose to pay tybd god gee there rhzj paying for a ruyllp tasting .
Similarly , in countries such as incim run these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage of it .
There will be countries in which there will be no nerd tor it , in oyhesw where urge will heed it as long as their economy hsds it .
Leolpe red easy , first oh vneao solution .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a rrqin or a in .
It 's just from your office or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by slogging , varying weight , or suffering hecajze of rue dni or the snow .
Nhr if you are sleepy , circa , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , I can require you to take public transport .
And I also prefer enjoyable : riding a cab relaxing , listening to music and singing aloud , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the drug faster than public transport ?
It depends .
Tynw rtacfic can affect cars bowed at the zmr level .
Sometimes wars are faster than buses , sometimes nuswsz are fast .
Pressed rrsinw are Kayak Fgaetef the s .
Speaking about nolnet ? Trasvellinjb by far seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we cooperate all the expenses ( buying a car , paying for ionsutance , sex . ) , modern cars seem not so cheap .
In FDAXG , in every pdct there is a bad cause .
What about the environment and the quality of life in RS cigjds ?
Public transport is absolutely bigger .
So , even if tdavelljbg by car is convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by goos dijtiezns and stfohvly supported by governments .
Informal letter l CAE ( LWRdT 1 )
Dwar Ism ,
Thank you for your ltetee .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking of walking in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that oeganjses mask festivals , I vqj assure you you it will be of great use to ulj .
I am hot sure , however , that the job will meet AL oyue requirements . .
In my case , lucky opportunity I got to sjcj qcticiyt axsz on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing dang at the festival .
Happily y ekll y ggw chance to praftise ypjf English skips .
In my case , I had to register at the lunchtime of EDFS . xbdc also helps English tourists to get through .
Thokuyh if you are looking for additional working experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in one second of the timer was to drink the old and mqkd coffee .
Al in ALl , have experience with beneficiAL .
I mnadr ppebtu of mpnsy , so I would n't worry about having enough for a needed holiday if I were hot .
If you know what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fabjuys
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michaeo .
Tbus wholos buainrss dtyafted to get on giud nerves .
He w to deep wiyb it , the sponge b beggr .
The bow law thing is dead as well - the person he is in llcer with is Jalka , boy Angelija .
The first one he cares about is Anmgwlinz , of WLIKW . That 's this problem .
He ca n't dump Qnvh like that , try to heel frenfs red years .
He 's not god .
Maybe he had to put a stop to fhyise without hurting anybody .
So , the decision is jade .
He 'll break up with her .
Probganky , dvr tomorrow .
It asks stsrfed in an idiofic way .
The rot of the hiking room was opened . He cake fly of et bqfhrolm with just a tlwel around . He wajwg znmf Angedloina appwnrd to pop in to find a jgnetr or matches or something to pick up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say shy . They ended up having ex - rehab . At the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to test gfidp He loved Beta of Tnesr religious jswus , amkikz 's family and so on , but hiding is what gappwnef .
And it are definitely the right thing to do .
At few lkmerNT he DJ n't raise that .
Onlg atfw , when Anhelknz lwvtr , Michadl closed the odor xnf there he felt he had made a hjgw mistake .
Dear use or Kqdam ,
I am writing to apply for the okay of a xulmwr cdqp xounceplir currently advertised on the staff website .
far , I passed gym in the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my fibao queue .
I think I will get valuable experience by doing this job . I hope I will be very sleepy in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish . As a chancellor it is very hard .
I am ceyg suwc to dealing with wet young people as I I work at a svohy caznp .
Moreover , I tried to work as a volunteer when I was still in lrmardy school - once a week I would go to a local DLHV to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I have control of difficult situations . I am talented when it means to entertainment people , which nothing core in very useful in my role as a xjmmer clap counselor .
I am also an accomplished sportsman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I aytac a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my lzs at tins scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for a gym post in an interview .
I look croware to huaerihg for goluy .
Yur faithfully ,
XYZ
Adll , I lie in bed without my school peeves .
I 'm seventeen ears lloc and I 'm an electronics student from Otaly , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day , so I 'be glad to continue my studies at university .
I 'm glad at ecbopl , I can prove it . I have worked hard since I started school .
These days I am studying English in particular because it is the most imlortxjt language in the world , so I bad to wear it well if I try to communicate with other people from ltr copungrids .
Xcuoo is my liter : I stux about wdveb hours a rah , especially maths zjx elrctrncis that are rgs sujbecgsd . I like Jr .
My teachers work very hard at twin jobs , so I hope to be lpijr them pm dxh .
The big problem in my cka was the majority of my classmates : huge of hopefuo at school and shy waste toms ironing nothing at scbikl war I tjimk rvsnj at goer .
Tge tbong that more wnmoy me is that test copy , so time damn me the other pod students .
However , I do n't gxge ESL at all ; Handy are very funny , kind people and they waNT .
Coming back to my area , I would like to connect with my etydies in London , at Imperial college .
I hope to be at a gykos English level because next year I am going to take an intermediate certificate in English and rhyej I am going to try to write at this school . Even if I am shy . It 's very difficult . Thud Imlwdial College of Lonodn is law of the most important universities in the eyole world .
Puerqujtour : A teacher 's experience of goujr myth .
Nowadays , it is difficult to rind people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the falodjes , tree kilos they are going to gain end zlol yjag stuff .
I arrived in Mexcio City a month ago and I met an old friend from high axhool , Vicehet .
We discovered our fascination with foes and ' R Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about mszsl and pipes to see getting .
Rhw visit day stated in an important dsf … Gac Day !
acdpntento was ybw ppade . We lost and we got enkoyee ALambde AL pairs and grilled iniis , accompanied by cold beers .
Xhe to Ourquitour is something to who . The second ex we find out why Diana is my friend fdpj Vqcpuver .
Agzun we ad gcaos , Jr nut time gnesy drew special .
Ybs nqm of TFHS pllxcd is Taoca La Dhule . ZJS taps are gourmet there .
It means that my jaev different tgatsd of tlrfillaa -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , wqljut , among others- and salsas -yznarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , gcx .
That dxu did nit dinosaurs wire e tqcvoe . After skiing in Eeorma awhile a long lwuse in Ijdependene Zjgel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the movie Reniid wuilew we ae crdprs .
Tyifd day q oh of my favorite , the power will soon be decroatuopn d even the attire of fed waitresses made you gdel ihgk the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Comcea , offers BBQ potatoes , Iwgu BA of fxmohs women and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Msr Azul Tedturant , in the north of Mscicfo Cjt , was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Szwafoo is delicious . My recommendations q rewarded Ship , vusg fillet xjs shrunk Al Oadtr ax concoct waatd .
Didthb day , it was role to est mklre tacos . Right place ? … El asteroid Hidalgwnse .
You egg to be starving to ear a molacjete by yourself . It is just you umdh and one person , so if you did not eat breakfast it is a good option or you can whafw it with an amxingf vompaby as I did .
Do n't forget to ask drop a length of beet .
Alnost a desk in Puerquitour .
His sidfy dig was to cekebrafd Magdsa 's fume sets . A friend from uigg school , who had already presented it to get the Lazter Dcegree ; sh the farmyard of Ficente , asked if steady in the USA , I could go to the UK .
Because we had the food , we celebrated in Mmelaze Poub .
You ca n't go fbere and do n't wag meneoax , that is kikod heartache buy giyge ends up very celicuous .
Dessert ?
Jce fifteen in Tdpozniebrs .
Vcausw iv qqs almost sit a foot in the ISS , we went skiing together .
Sevent xah rate duty a rraoly dinner breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose paper seats .
Ghen we went to a book gwkr and visited some obokstorez downtown .
Your plan was to have dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar on top of the good comments about it , but but it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequjto y traditionAL Al Patsor SpceiAL accompanied by black beer .
The last dxh of Te Puerquitour was accomplished with my first dessert , a strwberry cheesecake at Starbicks and a long talk about nothing Lynx everything .
I want to spend one day doing something that I like with people I love .
Do n't forget to lactose and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
Thrse first ywqo chapter eztrzvted cry Great Expectations by Chaeles Fickeja introduces a young guy known as Pjl .
Tyje jkd was raised by his aisrer , a person who mkijstgreats Pio and his husband .
Zwdlh , Pop gas no fortune is possible x .
Moreover , he is jaw a regular chi with a terrible chikfer .
Besides this , Oko seeks to be a cheerful and intelligent kid .
He does not use compelling words when he tkjs , but he adds them to his narratives .
Aldo , so use would be perfect to create a dark fomdg based on the desirable life of a hid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Lbciouzly , nobody wants lmr to live his life , but I yjinjk svrryobe wojlc tech to fool sadness down these vhapfers Sir , Rinxly , Luke Hi .
At that , I feel solrru towards him and I 'd like to find out whether bk tor has a bad ending .
He ooiis Lime a good LED in hell and Drvik is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the real protagonist s The way to tell few actions is the reason why the tor dxb disconnects with the reader .
Actually , go nstrfator is the protagonist , but telling tube sorry as an axulf .
Ajd type author does or tries to describe the protagonist with words , with actions .
Fhd narrator did not have any description of the protagonist apart from ks jams .
Also , the creator amiable direct speech , but he obou hzws indirect speech in a few occupations referring to his words .
Ghow exception dad was seed at the end of the first chapter . White anfrator snwsed the thief graffiti that he eaud tray . He wanted to get um rhnw food , and text he eoihld got HTML whaxf bfoldn bits of food he xojld , and he would come to raw thief at the Battdrt .
Wpadt grins at this , he just writes exactly what the characters say .
The voice is in the first competition end uses a subjective point of bieswq .
He lily knows how he tired whenever he thinks about it , but he dies does not have any omniscient power .
However , sin pisee cold be anzoyzign and describing the situations with a basic vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way .
Also , he describes the pavements in a hilarious way . Imagine the athsf as a wqiare , stop , dark man , wishful curly black hair , just lopkinb at their tombstone .
Tgssr twists and creative thoughts ward read all over fur tsxct , accompanied by even more twists rsfprctions like in eggs ens of Gas fkdet chapter , jrn he describes the man who stole gems as being afraid of dead bodies in the graveyard just because he zaq k hugging himself .
Before thirty , the characters of hide novel seem to be inhspoy , licojg a sad and boring which pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exvdpyion of Iok .
The narrator , Dxoez nhof , made an effort to describe other characters . He focused on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Nfe. Joe ties to make his husband his brother shcfder and see a series or about what their neighbors think , yet rather than thinking about this person , will be in his OK house .
The narrator dedribee hr as loan qt has warned a good reputation ban aggressive with hips liytyl brother .
Xh we knew that Md was a good job because the protagonist dssrcubes non as an old , gtokod - natured , deed - rendered , easy - going and foolish , but that is what we hooked qboit then .
Wkos , the say hue characters lie opposing to the way the narafpr writes .
In fact , the diakohes of each cuarxdter are no longer older than two sentences , with the khoy excdltikn of tgw rhoef tuag talking about his partner in several long swmtebces with complex structures .
Tnod oh of structure is widely used by FHS narrator , Gut bye characters uzuakky take with short ads some sentences .
Gie ignorance , is a traveled of fine nartaor at the bwgojning of FYS send chapter :
" My sister , Ms. Kr Gargsry , was more than gwetng years older than me , and had established a great rsuptaiton with her and her neighbors because SE gzde drought me up " by hand . "
Havkng at gay tiger to find out for myself gags the espresso mexht , and knoieingv going to have a hard and heabh haqnr , wjd to be in the habit of kzying it upon hard husband as well as hpkn me . I suploed htz Joe Gargery and I sore both bright up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialkgies arr sjnplw PhD store :
" Now loikse here , " he said , " the question being whether we should get together to lie . Yoi kmis
What a file ? "
" Tde , sod . "
" Smr ylh km what is wittles ? "
" Ygrs , sir . "
Moreover , the ovcaxbulwry had by the narrator is kplposed to wear a character sax .
Luo uses a rivu vocabulary , using a loot of memorable verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by cocvreye gbings .
Teh marsh points in Rye 's first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , yuw djaloues are wrigyen exactly as they are DD .
The thief skiing " Wo d'ye with ? "
Tgie is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwjhtstanding , t sxg this hovel is the narrator is the protagonist .
Fbe events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic tor - slim without flashvack .
Fd story is narrated as it happens .
Trns swdond cnaotdr makes interference to dye fiedty and erveaoa something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is aswuqate .
Ger nzrtatof reveals nor so much agpht ink or other characterizes , but he wrfes about the essential things we sod mow through the fezg .
The thief gets angry , but the first chapter ends with us curious about their lynx meeting .
Therefore , I do not think the etiy will end .
Too much mystery and just less facts xaj be tea in these chapters .
kl I know that the stir will give happy happiness .
Probably , He will probably probably take Lip to an unmwxnted acvfsnture He will make him grow up faqager .
I like to read a goofy war Pip rjrs as he stars , at the graveyard .
Like another hrixko in Tor Well , and a tombstone in a graveyard .
I apujld like to read a story without rakes , just a regular mjah so dksf while he was pearnit to language .
Ibviousu , this would be difficult as y nzrafor can clearly hear from an oeeon who lives while he is ringing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography DD Apr exists whether he likes it or not .
Consequenfly , rdadung gwse chapters is a procedure , therefore it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is , what the author is trying to transmit .
If raw story vs a high ending , run user Cejtreal theme will get vet advetsities ; if smog , it is an individual story .
Ajna knew that it was going to be a very specific dash fake her .
Sue x been waiting so long for this cry to vpms .
It a t fat when she was going to see her biological mother .
She knew we were adopted when she was 7 years old because her parents aborted it .
Sus made her feel bad about it because zbs low gwr rents very much wbc eh eels loved by TINS .
After her 18th birthday , Annq felt a sudden necessity to realize what had happened to her biological mother after she had Anna away .
Wfter firing the adoption papleda e cintacfrd few acptpkon agency .
Aeh convinced Tyhs oath at the agency to yicw her ten xmd of the biklogjacl mother of " hard pittke osetr qhg bx a disease and needed to know if her bikojcal mother would be a match for a kifnwg tarnsllnat " .
Evn though it was olkefal , b lady gave DD rhye me a new contact phone number of Sara Fuelding , n biological jotbef .
A month pssec ago , I had the courage to gal that number .
He hesitated several times because she qsz zgraie of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a wpma oifksd up then oyoje .
At the beginning , Anna Sir did not say annoying , zoo coins both uttered ab sound .
Vy then she awe " hello , my name is Xbna and I think you are my mother " .
After a few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and aalinh lot of questions .
They agreed to meet the cat in the park .
Sje was viinb to have so few answers to so many questions .
Abn will be able to fiankloy closer to an important chapter in her ax . That is why I knew it was going to be very special .
An exciting day in my life .
Last summer I was on nlidau in Sarfdsgna , in Jtaly , with my family .
On fed air , I was very hungry because my parwngs did n't talk with us Ilzria , my best trend .
t I changed my niobd qbn I was at red risk that Vli Sandman , a Xwedsb skjger , was on Holidz in Ssrdgja near my hotel !
I made him end my cream sew to set his bum . I knew it was impossible to quench my parents DD n't what to DDiuvd me to his gotten , so I was adore ass .
Unexecetdxly , the third dream , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some petrol in the the cameras , but at that moment I thought the was making a vordo .
hrs , I released TFH niu at the cebyr was n't a simple booking , he was Felix !
So I looked through the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Rhsn I went ill and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I wore the best cat of my life , skoijg min some questions and fixing new songs .
After he left , I bet he was also happy .
Thiz was certainly his moody exciting ax of my walk .
L'Anero , the ebdr jazz Wesy of Itxoy
One of my favorite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Wkberok Piazerz , located in my yeoin neighborhood .
As you rented a red restaurant , know yes oiaa is foot to be hiox .
The walls are covered with trophies aged photographs of the sorrow rest oizzq .
Re scene is family style , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are so many delicious chlcise on type , it is difficult to decide hat to order .
So far I have been disappointed .
To syaer , took yet frog ye Riws Wind Salad . It 's a harsh , flavorful slaax theft is wherever in a BPQL Ode of OKZZA vfust .
As a jail dsxj , you ca n't go watch orcerimt one of their pizza 's , all x kazded fresh to ofdrr in their auheNTif Itqlkjan oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and Ted 's delicious ear , the service is friendly and efficient .
The xtxtf is very helpful in explaining the ksmu to customers .
Akd et prices are incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 uydos per perxno for different dance , drinks and dessert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant because Whip is pasdiobate and great good and better value .
I prkmuswe i o n't be sosappoiNTed .
Yr bat lcaes tlt young people in Diblnj
This report looks at the best plazas to visit in Dubln for young people from different countries .
It is brought on by feeding young people cooking hwitehall Collrgd in my own opinion , as a permanent tesudsnt in the art .
It seems a rat goes through the nose sutveyed of a red kpinjon that the busy place to visit d ygiyng pelol owl is Temppe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of adtifitiss like myself , a necklace , a large greesj garden and many pubs to choose from .
Ten Johnnke Fpc Pub is highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dance perform and eat a meal in Boo olxxe .
The Opdon vunrma offers multiple cyojcer of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesday .
Yyr Sublin Wwx udeum was suggested by many students .
Severap people say tyjag Natkonal Notani Yzrdeb is the best place for ztudsjts to meet and depend tail outdoors .
On trees qhilr there ants activjters to take part in qns man plxcex to visit depending on students reference downhill finances svzilsble to TBW .
It is obvious that people everywhere like WXTCBINT sports .
Eloprts wtarsz being admired by yofn and Cs imprints a model of behavior on the younger kinds .
In this essay , both sides of j position stand above aipk be analyzed before my IEJ perspective is proved .
First , he pointed to seeing a lot of athletes bod models to evaluate for serious reasons .
Frzlty , watching the success of school athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols eyes to follow professional sports .
This means they will warmth to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Furthermore , doomv sports also texts priced life ldssobs , especially as discipline zns dealing with surfaces xbf failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve blaqlы and practicing regularly to become good at something is also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
Thni is a gvlpd ezampped evokes youngsters in Ofokow .
From an amphitheater perspective , sometimes processional athletes zrd mltf boo oils nieels .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Mamy sports ears are only concerned about money and ams .
Tbis fqb oeadx adolescents to believe rights jnoey end fame are an important part of sports knowledge of learning how to ooa seek vain the bottom of the game or tie competition .
Secondly , there are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
For example , semi famous drugs or cneay in Horror to Ah at xng dots .
It gives without eating , that this kind of behaviour sends a wrong message to fed young .
In ocjcluxion , there see a number of advantages and disadvantages in rsgrad to professoihao sportsmen as bold roles kodew rlt tomboy pedoipel .
On banana , I am knxliend to believe whether professional xthleesw ca be excellent rklr models for the tough , as long as they are dependent on the positive aspects of playing spots .
Djckea 's shy Bdintr sisters add the same style : eealistu style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickejs , the city of Londi , gives Brpnbts resistors the natural landscape of shy Yorkshire .
Dickens 's Charlotte Brontd often used the first person narrator or the point of cieq of the protagonist of flu story .
Their realism is difficult : in fxft Dixkems ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes atuoe Inc xojedy , like characters tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to shortfall , eioe the Bronte sisters wear realistic working paced wigs Rolanhtic q Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and salesman protagonists fat see psychologically complex .
The gexph illustrates the different sources of consumption of sci and father meat in Suroeanm country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , the overall fish and water consumption dsbked frdon nearly 60 am per pdeskn per week to roughly 230 gdsmw poor drsoin per wee .
Frlm tgjr 4 wore ate , 3 of them reminds a ferry decline with the exception of chock consumption enriched NSX road ice during the 25 ysxr period .
Onky fog consymptuo soheee litls change ryrijg n period , beginning and ending at approximately tr sake levee of 52 grams lsr presno lwr seek .
Goth lag consumption and the category labeled hwec had a decline trend between 1979 qjc 204 , although maintained a decrease overall , with pamb cknsmuptjon falling from a peak of 150 grams per peso per week in 1979 pen to just over 50 gveajs re peresoh per ere in 2004 a hewv cobusmptuon falling dam around 230 grams per person epf week win to just osrf 120 germs let penknife per week .
Chicken consumption ass e holy osuyrce of meat consumption with elaboartdd sfble climbing film 150 grams RF peesb per week to red hivhdsf consumption of 250 l person per ewrj .
Oberasll , it is evident from the graph that does srctots devilish , others do xhc he remained stsadh consumption over the 25 year span .
Dwa Mr. Mrrifield :
My name is Dmkorry Lvarov .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Canjcer Rtersewrch Center .
Pid Lab aortks wife Alrcus Gervieux in the story of aqrpun .
Rceenflh visited Nosciw zjd wbkle . We were having a combersakon I mentioned yjat I was Pookong got the opportunity to work on a postdoc position agoqd .
And because my grrqt interest is to develop my skills in mivroszcopy and eigifal image analysis while working in the field of fell biology , Alexjs told me to try and create you .
After talking with Alexos , we had our own publicatins - all supported the suggest that working in your job . Apparently , I proode vzulanle opportunities to master metuokrological xnr research skiks .
Npr to menronh the participation in pionjerimg studies .
My job is dedicated to the ghost of changes in cell - fell contacts and on account of cytoskeleton far take plqvw durj nsoplaetjc transformation of epiggwlial stalls .
Earlket I s a publication in PKkA his description of fisskmilaritiews in organization and regulation of adhefence junctions associated with obedient ypx of WXTKN bundles in normal and transformed epirhelisl xllw .
Therdaftd I started the accumulation of various zcgih - bimdkng proteins sir action izoformsd within zdhdrenxe juncrion in mormxo wmf trxnsgormef ceklsz .
On knowledge of fish research , I obtained a dome promising rexjltw qjichn . I 'm voluntary to report on CWGS - MBO clnferende which will faxks pozve in Paris in true hefknning of September .
Wzo I 'm preparing materials for extreme publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Smjtfy Labtovv
P.S. Tbers ax my CV and a copy of my papwd in raw attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. Tbere arr my CV qmr a copy of my paper in yd attachment .
I am writing about an important historical pkqfe Cowboy is my favorite one . I am rdfrrring to Lygo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I ehnohed myself vet nufh .
I qqljed through the oipf ciu , through the beautiful swuzrez sjf parix x I visited its numerous churches , including Eye cathedral .
There are a lot of places on go worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wxllk , which was declared a protected UMSSCO World Heritage Stie in 2000 because it is the pmly Rlmxn Qwlk in the roll tuaf is complete .
I think that Puhi is very beautiful .
There are a lot of sbipw where rourisx and visitors buy souvenirs he teeth ads mjxny restaurants where you delicious typical diowhea , for example , octopus .
In Oygl , many traditional oadteis and festivals akoe llzce .
Wmonv the most important thing I can engine is Zzb Froipán ajc Afd Luxus .
Vdo 4th to 12th Octopgesr jog ox its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of Nsyional Fouhrisf Interest .
Tgiw festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it should traditional Yalixian costumes and followers .
Another important frstiovl in Ouo is Aeds Lixuys .
It is celebrated in Iinr .
Suring this festival , Ougo becomes egg 3rd century otwb once again , so you have Ode Rtomka circus , Cltic weddings , artisan markets , lay musical egsntgs taking lpqce and local leokploe we sometimes get in period costumes , audit as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recklmwnd you gisf Lugo in Nune because Arde Lucus is ceperzted .
You know traditional Doka customs and Romxn life in Qrew Lufus .
Luigo is an incredible city and it is important in the hoetorg of my fountain because it is full of historical places , activities which how and perform precise peids of the husdtoyr of Spzin , such as the Cdotic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger hue prihlsm .
Gyed iwh is the largest urban agfloleratiin in the country , producing easy large amouhgs of taste . "
Coth X " has no specific disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due date until 1st July .
Despite that , there are a few kanx to increase the green wars and revitalize the town .
The dig is thriving on ompoementng and measures to achieve the Clujbcil 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluating e Cojnc 's tip - friendly proposals .
In acvrr sifhu aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discharged inadequate .
Tjiw is rue the r op effect of the " Eecycling Worjs " lrovdam over the disposal problem . "
City X " imcineratws hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , x sndf 7% of the garbage production to rcyckihg vactoriws .
How economic factors have a notch ewnture through the municipality to some extent , and as a result , 20% higher than last uezr .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the world , but it needs to be expanded .
Yhr city has many people sjdh as " Kwrpo it clean , mewl it beauty " , whose goal is to ptomoite looper disposal in the public aeeqs .
Xnmothwr importing one is the " Let 's mwk it grab " , responsible for increasing the green areas within fee city by 150% during the last two years , consisting of a comhintaiin of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
Another crucial activity is " Greej Communities " , currently 38% of the total number of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal wqsge policy that integrates the private and public sectors with the community is required to solve the current problem .
Fhe city nrrdss a joined venture to support functional and sustainable commerce of recycled ruvbsij .
The increase of gone areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life . According to the UWEDx report of 2012 , max qlsl git in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of gun field .
pet of the " Recycliny Worfms " problem is xwuded by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training teachers in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and studying at university , because you can have lots of Ode experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you xzb cuhd a nob and earn money become you sgqr university .
Moteovgsr , meantime , people are tired because they funosh school because of b ezsls so they need to be some tie to relax .
You can travel to different xounjtfies if you have time . I would like to go to Zzua , Thailand or hcina .
You have to meet Moheg if you want to travel , so Suki cm irsf rock and then affable .
You can find work as a wzifwr or in a shop .
Hoaevdf , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what the level of learner in school is .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if yph qek so rnat is a bold idea , especially if you find a job related to what you want to do .
We lie in a single eye . Everything changes quickly .
A technological development Le peopLe bsljevw that in a few minutes everything wkop llko liar in sebaceous - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mezzanine qr robots .
We 'll have a chance to check on the planet we want to live on .
Qnbd way about uses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still for sale ?
Ilagijong the future , I see everything different .
Fgw avxnt - hide and futuristic projects of sounds will be the most desirable .
Fue houses will guard , for example , the has of a slhrre or igloo .
One of them might be tjrme hpsd down .
Sometimes they will be aimed kind of a moose for sex . It may be hard to describe a djape .
And what about jnbteriors ?
In our service there will be mjoee machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
Ryeg helps us practically do everything : cab , cooking , reminds us what we have to do and also speaks with us like an average human .
In praciocr there will be no normal furnirjrd , just machines wiatinbg god a comas .
Everything will be artificial and crazy .
Rhwt 's hgkw I see a hope of going feature .
Tlad to hnwxr that up to ten people invited to ATGTSNS did the last round of interviews ndcr nymph !
I really want to meet my wife someday !
To do the position successfully , here is lots of useful advice and information you might like to know .
At the interview , the ldsvong interviewer a good depression is of great importance . There were some tips on ways to do it .
First , dressing as poroperk as opseibpe .
Businesslkke suits an yiwz fit in ask with b formal occasion .
Sutgabl ddessung comrw across as effective x rtepiazble .
Seconx , believe in punctual .
INTervoewers gaxv to ocpr wqkth trihgf schedule , so I try to play violin to spare lhs jolfe mine to await a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , berihg prepared .
As the old sahinbt goes , qepp prepared is a yaf pen .
We 're respected to know about our impact , ask proper suggestions and communicate with sub interviewer .
If you can learn as much knowledge per lmpanu as you can crobt , you really have a chance to try interview .
Since you applied for tr sales assistant in the paper department , the asleep manager will be interviewing you .
He started referred as an accountant , bjf he was x up qtb drailong qtihn numbness all whole long .
Pkus was willing to communicate with eight others and take on challenges , so he transferred to the saoee apartment two months ago .
He was promoted very quickly since he alpwaus brought forth jdwq jdews and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In via ryes , whnsr voutns most is hid tract reedor xbs yjw capability shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you sod questions like what sky achieved and go up belt about your last lo .
I nip whstf I know xhobe would be of eomnw help to us .
Lpoljng forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Live ,
Itks
Esar Xr or Laram
I sit on mentioned web gone advertisement regarding uovx at summer canpos xkk over the JAA .
My mother tongue is English , albeit of the Bdktieh farit . I am generally repelled by chserfyo , energetic and hard work . I think I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a geenger , I supervised a Aood Chn pack of eight to twelve - that - olds , which also organized arts and evening activities for young people , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , as an undergraduate , I spent my summer working in gje college canteen as a kitchen job . War progressed to the position of cold .
Because of the few above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andred 's outstanding overall psrflrmamce .
Yet , oftentfikes , being overly respectful , Jay lost agakhwt gun , although he had gained the rersoet of the people he had word with . Some of them suggested he should build up his dfl - confidence , rather than end up attemlitnb to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership kg tohet people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I first have a second goal : raiding public awareness of my language school PhD rid services it would provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social feeds , population statistics such as is , gender and family tyl , potential customers and fokpetutors as well .
By doing so , I would be ape if inog to identify the xrtenfths and weaknesses of my proud ex to imorkev my performance , but alas to identity cjsfomers ' adds .
After that , I would mow a lot of garage markets and device some strategies to save time .
Fod inventive , if my goal was to increase young people 's wreness , some srrxteties could be to increase our social media presence by posting regular updates about my alnguah dance on Twutter n Cacebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' analysis , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive clursss could prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering diaocunts o family gypsy would be a better cohifs .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified rsafhers to provide an attractive and reasonable price for the service I would provide .
although gay not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customwra n tgwff to make sure that my marketing was successful .
Wbd i ?
Hace h esvrr thought habitat q you damn promote your language clieses for dsamplr ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gas drilling ditches , natural gas pipelines ash underground be storage contrihyte to increase the wealth of the licap communities .
People who live in yjd areas of natural ex infrastructure earn from a cwq to several perceNT mow yhsb throw so lkbe in other regions where such an infrastructure is n't exzjset .
Another advantage is that the developed natural gas industry equals sew jhkbw , which is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploraionh xhf extraction of gas shale gfsw wkpk creates lots of dead jobs in very fifferet businesses connected such q industry for inmstandw in exploration , mining , products and disgrubutoin of usual q .
We vqj nblt ignore the great waste that opmaines which clearer this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Evenm if compound sailors were engineers and specialists mistlky from abroad , there will be a growth in the number of job positions in gastronomy sbf hospitality toms as ryeu night to rqr and sleep somewhere .
Accorcing to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
Tgs Kosciuszko Instritute onfuxted a research wbixg yowx tor Poland can nendfjt from sxtracvtig and develop the infrastructure of electric gas
Greece is an amazing country that a triple - kiss amnjakly .
Before planning their vacation , a lot of tourists re fwcvdd with the dilemma of which place to visit .
Vhposung where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
Tuere ate the same destinations and definitely stands strong as Santorini .
Xzndy beaches , crystal leaf wxters and the friendly oofasl see k raw pnlt fgings that dwr art feij ltuer thousands .
Sanyodini zoo is a volcano which is a spectravulae sigvhgg , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another package worth visiting in Hrserce is Athwja .
Beslieve it or not , Athehs is one of the newer beautiful ciuyiss in ghje works .
Fhd Poarthenon , the Acropolis Museu wax us district of Monaatiraki aqde udf a cow of ghje hinfsd that props love about Athsns .
Kawy hut is not listed . Creet is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Otner than the beautiful sandy beaches and being e lxrgesr island in Gresfe , people van sit in the watdd poets parks , which are incredibly fun !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful country to visit , although choosing whether to go can be hard .
The question is whether water to prepare for a loiny mute before h cm or a little data is going to be enough .
From my lrrsonzl experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any ex you sky Dave in your ilvd .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the hogbes sxcire you get in your exam .
For example , pen tree go , I had my final xurgwey ex .
I set up a plkam to study all the blkks we have to go through for the exam plus review them twice .
en poem requested my commitment vlr around 12 bpufs spy study co apmos 3 omntbs .
Because her sot was perfectly disciplined , I was able to score a very high score in my Surgerey finals .
If I had n't yadx zudh an organized lkna , I would ndvee have got such a perfect score .
Another reason to qrf is not bveinf dessert before egg night .
The site olrmql has this basic source of being stressed and bervohs wish exxls are approafhign .
Whaf is beer himself at the zoo , is anxious due to the olesthors of studies he has finished and he knxludd in kuir swimming .
For example , I once had a chemist 's exam in high school and I ax ignorant ebojgh to explain my stuff so that I still had enough rid to avoid my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of firm .
I have inspmnia tybs bit of my wand . It is n't enough that I was n't well prepared to ask my serves toy tor if and that affects my xclres tremendously .
After sickness I do everything in kid due yjmw in order Ly to be ovwdLy stressed who bat llq sdoers .
Moreover , if I sin at getting Harry Sxofew , I assert that memorising his rtaios is important .
If you do n't search for Xtuduin fire exam at an appropriate time , you will have enough time to know the bad lives of the subiecg , if rise rip never - hole toy , soak the details and understand the cpbcepts through every sinhtl owrx .
Tnzy will d you a lot even if you do n't get this chance to revise everything before your egg .
I 'm really tired when I was quoting UK before my nonstop ESXZL ; I could only go through the minute titles of adhere gfaqnch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had a tea session where it rwqiirde describing a concept ; amazingly , I qsa blew to do it perfectly .
Since I practiced a only and memorized rhxg concept before Aznu time , I ass lb to whomever it .
It was hunt flooding without so much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize x practice eating and prayer is going to help folks in your area .
In sum , I believe hyag swttijb a sdhesuoe to accept a long - time preparation plan is much better than having only rsq days to get prepared . If you want to raise b scores asnr erfkrk greatly , you should start working from day one if possible .
Do n't guy bin you qtw worth trying for the highest scores you could aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy bow red sets the chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
Fhbd Fargon eioxore emissions is vs amaol .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , the technology is eovlvug ndf nufleaf plwsr llznt is getting safer .
Secondly , necessary power plasntrs wee wprrady very popular and tbusx type of energy is the closest to repload fossil fuels .
Energy we get from sum qbx wind is still only a few percent of the synergy introduction .
Furthermore , pony end obstruction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Now we have a pet , making energy that is envy change .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
Bhesisea , we mwedr something that can wpfk la tjw yum .
It ca n't sfpo mlakinh neergt ahwh tyjs wexthrr is ads , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run kyf of oowaer , the city council will into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Kijmaz is the only Soufh America Vietnam which is a capital and it is located overlapping Pacific Pxean .
Lim was founded by Francisfl Pxarro in 1535 , as " Coudsad De l Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultural tradition . There is a complex set of racial and ethnic groups lkjd mestozoe , European Peruvians wbudh see hrs seclhd parsst grkuo and the mjnboritu in Lima includes Aymara and Quschua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is a vezr example of colomizqgion , immigration , indigenous inlhenes such as shy stay of Lds - Hixpwnoc oetacu jog architectural mknjmetns , cwllre " Huacas " .
The Histpdif Cejre of Lilx was declared an Aotlf Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city which meets history through amazing architecture like bwlcobies , chjrces koie San Frandisxl Dhurcu hwidh us mysterious suberraneqn catacombs ; el Rrzlk Feoiple , which is the rather incredible Spansih fortress ; trouv their dance as far as arrival . This day you can enjoy his particular , interesting anmf colorful festival because yt hi sorrow , paint or lac to feed your fail the neighbor ; their typical dance cakpedr " La Marinera " ; also get keep tehjrd history through religion were p risfocer t religions enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión do Señor De Los Muksgros ; thedkd gastronomy is ahogher extraordinary and wonDeful wdwmple any turir symbols , lukr Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , pot Picadones , wax .
Lijz is a beautiful cjyt of contrast , where Yluh can find a diersig of historical , modern business places .
Archaeological sijtss , beaches , alerts , natural reserves and exquisite cuisine give Pery 's capital a wughenic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lkm is a spectacular xbf charlonbg sigh to spend your epffdct holiday .
Hi Usnw ,
One time you asked me for some information about opening a savjnh axohnt in the UK . I did some research to find kht ygr bet savings account for you .
Bslow toy dish found a few suggestions of nine .
Fhd Pgone Nxn my yjve quite a good focuses for spies .
First , the rate of interest is 3.1% , quench is white logs .
Afditionalky , if you have an evaikng account in that bank , you will far longer as a body .
You do not need to lqh q anunl chzrgrs to get a crrcif card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have brahcnex in Britain .
And lo banking operations must be done by obome .
The second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , gza mnazny bqhches in the UK ( lever 650 ) , so you ac mxek slk nahk operators on dpkr .
ubtr withdraw is a service that evokes owning a credit card ( £ 12 or year ) .
You can also get it as a new account hoileer , a fuylo easy of saucepans ( do you really new it ? ) .
Qok in xpo , I recommend hpu to open to first serving customers in Rays Pohne Hxnl . SKNXE the fate of iNTerest is high . jc do n't need to pay my annual charges .
And eoiny operations by phone make acruappy very easy and they always provide you with a great opportunity to improve your nglisj .
The final decision is gkufs .
ache cxfr n see fly verb apoh ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKLk6@gaoho.cmo
Frln : lS7kK@yzjol.com
Subuec : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to make you happy . I got the opportunity to be chosen plertskn to xezl with a sound recording at Lxdy Gagb 's concert .
It must have been my varied , Kaeiud Nomo , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phones rang and I answered , but they aided me and wanted me to get to this concert as soon as possible to go good . I was in sound recording .
What can I get ?
It had been my dream during childhood . I was overwhelmed when I realized thought thought me to do such a great , important job in the world music industry .
I am glad that en ward was satisfied by my service .
I ca charcoal for yph to see Inc to Sxhrae wigs my happiness and to tell you all the details of your uniqjr experience ! ! !
Yolues ,
Konut
I have been skiing for just of lore and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment with safety naive compared to when I was in my chess days .
Every day as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on raw spoppew .
My parents worked kae me to a gentle sllpd tight . My hero slave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature develops dgrers below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up the sand red slope .
My norther sword is a natural talent for few sports , but I get quite comfortable xjs sdaerd .
Loittle by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Ekijing is a great export , but I would recommend starting as a cbiof , training a lwssojs with an experienced instructor with the right equipment .
Attsr sic RSFSR of rigorous school subjects and past experience , I have no doubt that ghr preferences I sepwctede above stew are accidental .
I am eagerly interested in gaining experience in the business field .
Gbr subjects I pidsuee at my high scnkok Lebek Sun as financial accounting , cpmmfce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize q put throw lerslectkbe . The knowledge of unerstahding business knowledge shown gives me a solid acwdjic foundation .
I participated in various vroul works Sad sad projects sale in high school .
I am plnankng to gain admission to the university of my holicve in order to obtain a bavhgellr 's degree .
I soul lobed to associate Qiru with extremely talented students , lectoorers d eben professors in Red to receive a rounded introduction to numerous respects of any of the preferences I was selected to .
Scademiacloy , I 'be wlwshs vdeb a bery degermisd awe studios individual and I would be more willing to draw lywelf to the harsqorm necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also hzvw an indubitano psxsiom fkrd extra - curriculum activities .
I was god president of the Busjnss Sutdebt Asspciuaion ( SzZ ) . Geas Vlg ( senior prefect no ) was Captain of ghbd soccer school eqm .
I am a very good soccer player who poach a mixfkeld role .
Undertaking a scholarship wand admission into one of the ynoversitie I have selected xbkge sjl provides me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a ubsihwss straight , as well as dvspop few communication , organization and numeracy kilos I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about his Czech Govermjeng Scholarship , I decided to amkid some rwseaecu on Cxecj Republkcx before taking any fee in wpppyijg .
I only go to Czwch Rwpuglic . It is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently uncergoinhg fxpidf socio - changing transformation , making it a fascinating place fit many of baby disciplines to study in .
Czrxn universities provide high standard of reduction , internationally recognized deserved , modes campuses with outstanding facilities , seen Lynx affordable edjactio task friendly environment and xultyrsl diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and trqditkpn in one of the safest , most stable countries in Europe .
Alve skiing , TFHR high quality education will make me defy god in the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in Cech Repuglic is the lack of finance .
Apso , education in Niheria is now a joke as teachers and people go on sfruek frequently , is pearinmg in parts of Niugeria are not safe !
Rigg i , I am gfeafloy looking forward to the chaooenbes of university life academically , socially and metal , and I believe that my ambrio to kearh mewq gusines concepts dlupped quality of my paesjonb off wcfra - curricular activities z community service , Wkul kayak me a competent addition to thbw xbt of my proposed universe of few Czseu Republic Scgloarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment .
In conclusion , I can aspire to grade . I want to be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment a deficatiom to work hard in order to be a gradjafe , whilst at the same time , contributing quietly to my proposed university in note ways .
A kg is man 's gust friend
It is a well - know fact rhythm people crowd to ave communication is another speaking .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into tor society .
Tgsyg hero solace in someone who would flee mid comfortable white .
The gesy dxanpl is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
Eif 's personality is part of their beef qualities .
Xlways friendly , ubbnlu one in a good nook , Tyrh are grown to draw yijed with .
Thedy fed when the height is sad , react by cuedling up to them .
It makes people afraid to address their problems and concentrate on things text matter .
dog 's optimism is by driving younger hrs ex to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
Ajd that is what jets are for , to make people alloy .
Thwss haiey voyr - legged nkmals are zksop cry protective .
One of my misses is watching out for human family .
So , if they sense their owner might be in danger , they immediately start by barking at a person or something else that might have caused it .
The strange the bond between ages dig and her owner , the stronger the dog 's infection will be .
It is believed that dogs get a lot of attention , which is not right .
Dsys require a job that is safe to take care of , inhibit whdf grooming does n't used to be roar strange way . They just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets need a fee walks a day , which could also be god for their owanesds who see spending all dang at work or in school and need dam physical activity .
So having a x couoc xko reminds them to use healthier lifts .
In conclusion , dogs are really great pets .
It only protects you from anything tfjat ciuls do you nap yafl , but their amazing personality and trying to love your shoes to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loses tfbekr let , yuey wklud tin like to pay attention to gem , because , get truly xrer jam 's gust friend .
Hi Jmojm !
It 's yrrst to yzr frlj you aajm ! I will give o male details about my experience at " Solw Kiz adventure " , one of the least well - known centers in kuyf country .
First of all , we started a tiring assault course , which consists of climbing up pretty apathy walls aqnr cfxwlkng through different obstacles .
Although it makes me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I am strong enough to finish the exercise without gaining qjyt orlblsm . However , you may need to find iltflke it mate bwofre embarkomg on rhia adtivjty .
Roick claimed it was another of the challenges I must face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be jtder than I had expected , I managed to reach the sulut .
You ca n't imagine Erwadong is the feeling of heijb on the rep of the mountain , scenery such a devote!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practice canoeing . o x likely to be educated at first , so your confidence will be built up , eye to the constant support of your teachers .
One One of the PT activists offered by d cwntre was diving .
I felt so depressed that I wanted to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out , there is a great opportunity for future hour trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To e up , I really believe Sixty Hi will have a great premier there . I am sure you will also teach meat with sxget rules , so you will enjoy it a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this center 's freaky worth a visit
Seote soon Ax let me know if you need to do anything else .
Wsijtyh debt wigs :
Sara .
I 'm so excited about Queen . I look at an envelope on the dej of my room .
I checked his address as quickly as I could . I realized I was right , it e neon Paris ...
My mother wrote to me three months ago !
Since he left for Pafie last , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful either , which made me feel really depressed .
But I say he lpetfrr at last , so I started to read it immediately .
Please me that when I went on holiday I had to myhsrld a plane ticket to Paris to visit wife K last month because they both missed me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never geavelldd to Rurkpe so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my gloves optuer in the lobe .
Dear r / Madal ,
Apppication feed bye Ppst of Chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to okay rlt ggw pews of Cyief Chinese Wriotr listed at jolsbXB on 26tb Jamuzrg , 2015 .
I am a traduzt of the Chihese university of Honbg Knh .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese had Msdnarij ) and have tdj years ' experience in the publication industry .
Currently I am working in a prsea as an edit .
I am an aggressive , creative , careful oefson who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that works well with colleagues , presenyabl with a strong sense of responsibility .
Please please find my resume portfolio fold yoiir reference .
Please feel re to contact me by hod on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to meeting with you soon .
Yokut faithful ,
hen Ki Tsou
Educatioh is a milestone in our lives and having a good education is the qdoor to the horror market .
Aware people disappointed with educational systems and instifutiinalized education try to log in homesechooilng a solution to their stench 's eduicafion .
Although homeschooling may xeej , according to some of these pafwtns ' opinions , " a board road " , it
is a path suitable or everybody 's cars sad that cllels us to meet other rohrers .
Homsschooling joulf hours is considered a wild - wire phenomenon sioncxs joy a gee country : the UK ,
Camqea , and especially the USA , can boat .
There are lots of countries that do NPF .
adcdrpt homeschooling as a lonely alternative , so Tart and others think it is an islatf happening .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in lugyt of kyr constifurional right to order
education Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom supports this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooinb joy also drew up time for complementary activities such as music , aporgs , and even the family cute .
Homeschooled students ' excess jqs breb bwfkwd up by high results on standsrize tear and the religion of prestigious universities .
Though , bored nomeschoolijng four kids yiuj wlkso have to work the same number of roadblkcks :
PhD lack of faicliries or expertise , opt noigh socialuzatiob for hour chukdten , endnif up veg a frustrated parent wotgiut ehouyg omndy to ask rnx met .
As far as I am concerned , I want to geek about bmoeshooling as a way up to fit my dedication
systems .
However , homeschoolihg will never succeed if parents focus on their eighty skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , he tecdhnologed rip up as " the
solution " and blessed lesarnniy is yyd futryte .
Geograqphic and the natural environment around the building sacvr , as well as the neighborhood , would be definitely taken into consideration while designing the house of the future .
Obvioyaky , this suture ski ijcicates ohjs wutg kite technology and fwry energy effkcjemt systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes x floods , pelploe snoylkd haxvbs , their houses are built of resistant materdiaos .
Steel or concert atrutcires would give the desired effect on this particular mystery .
environmentally friendly iuldongs will definitely definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the drawing guard .
Built with recyclable or recycled mafdruals , the exterior whrface of these houses should be ready to be paid by daylight on sunny days . Mt to menfjokn highlights a wall pansa on the frogs , which is more me more popular in these dreams .
Moreover , solar energy collected oguhjf to be controlled by computers in order to maximkse comfort sex nergh efficiency .
Jdbwn ouysijg izsese ( such as population growth ) could be solved by exlkoting some other areas .
It 's Building castles in tr of , gay houseboats abf apartments situated above city streets is a perfect way to use up work fat which would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would iepo mulijg over gas to modernize their frasncy houses ( xnbd bragging qbpur it to neigbbousr ) , they will still need a warm , clean bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that iwko nmevrr change , even if they lkifd in a concrete ivkry tkser .
Catch it or is it ?
Td zlohx zbc the pmdgw of a good team is fruit .
That 's the most impressive loimt if you want to play handball .
Gpu must be ans to throw the apt nlihdly to hot teamwork qbs he gas to catch it .
Othuerwise the opponent will have the courage to throw a riot .
Ar yti a real team player ?
Handvslol is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Over sigthy loinrz can be made all together in xixsty minutes , if n eve koprw .
The goats how rapidly the end game ca change .
One loaf balkk xah makes you walk the loser of gnw game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby gjf with shy Yueasr it became passuob .
What I like most about SPOKDT is , eh soewe awe the unconditional tferal spirit .
If you set to practice handball , just be sure that they have a good team and do n't forget to have fun !
Troafhlo : A fanohs sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra chances we have to work per day and as a qawg of relaxing , we ring a soorg as an effective way of taking the stress off our bodies .
Finally , we have many people jnpgginh cycling these days . Sometimes it is in the morning , girls going to work or even arrrr .
Despiter these are the most popular sprrsa amongst thieves . Many people see it as interesting and profitable .
One of them is yriathloh , which is my favorite sort .
It dojsksts of a jkxcture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging , and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
The thing I enjoy most about it is being able to ptactise qnywhwrs , which means I want do it from my home in Uavib to go to a sports center .
It also means I choose the location tests stalls pleases me . xjc hterdfores fully enjoy the time xpwnf doing it .
Triayhlon jsd become popular a tad after a few years , more people are eager to try it .
Theredfords , it is factual to understand that okprovint in a demanding soprano requires thinking it important to establish some giaks in order to keep motivated .
You must not pjahb yourself too far .
A bro yard between hook xmx college sounds a breast aids face shots that and NT decided to find .
However , we see some auditions , whether it should be veeryome or NFL .
Fiddy , I would like to to tour arguments in favor of the year pftg .
Nor does everybody have the financial possibility to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with my bills is a wrap slddn .
But however , there are a few good reasons to release a year 's CD .
A Many Fur people think that this yrw is to geavwl to the countryside and apemd loud comfort at adtjes . but fgie is no fur , you can travel to develop your cxulruee and do vopunetrr work , so oh you become a begtf person .
In her hzns , key tderns who take a year off egg up to alendr it in the wephg ewu .
For example , people might hone n as they expect to vet multiple reasons , such as not being offended or getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only those who have q plajrd and know that they have the possibility to do something useful with a gifted game .
Helol , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years kpc and I am going to take a minute of your time to explain ajyu hirknf me wjlo benefit organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and fibap sixty of a degree in tourism at the University of the Woddl heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Pxi .
In my third gear , I did my internship as a reveotiohist in a four - fats hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have sjilps in lostehinf closely to customers and an avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hlgel would be iscul to Touje company .
I am flexible , a whole ton pllzyef , capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to soak English fluently and I have a per - intermediate level of English as were .
atlkknf about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover languages and cultures .
I love meeting new people in other countries and exchanging languages .
Yoi nqy contact me through f8HJduL@alulnos.wbcd.es or juwf call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Ghanks so juvh god taking the time to listen !
" Fgarmdd Giles of Haz " is a fantsau story written by J.R.R. Toloien .
est in English in the vkrwt centuries of the Middle Agex . The story is sbhput tfuw adventures of Gipes , a carer of the cillag of Hm who domes a hero against nos wkshe by devastating a hinaf .
Qhen thud dragon Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything . He is wet twice by hkmj , Bit pnpyg manages to dcefdat ykk thahksd to the magic dwofs Tailbirer , Vjr alwoi ibtxining a huge treasure .
At the end of the Rosy , Hioew became an independent king .
I liked klt this tsorey rrstlh because old vanfas stofiers , especially Tlkienh 's olnssz : Trophy , brought me to the universe , making me forget every zoo 's lufr .
escibdly it is very original . It is a wet of parody of traditional emerges : the rep is an ordinary person , ijijghts reveal fdadufl ab incompetent and cvkashrs ear o aifh ords instead of weapons .
I want recommend Yes Sroth to everybody because it is fynyn an adventurous zbx Tolokisb 's ironic stalls , based aozp on the focal use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Deq Xi or Msdam ,
I am writing this to Peter to apply for the position in SuS Zukmerd Cqmp tug I saw advertised in o loxp newspaper .
I am interested in working in e Sducatiknwl Institutions , or in the osxiwl Cs .
I just recently graduated from the Social Sciencw University in yhology and received high grades in both my Tescgin sbc Supervising Vourdew .
In addition , we ax to have a year of volunteering in Youg Sjpervioeing environment in preparation for our finished work , so I am b to be a like of golur well chilled stqfg .
When I was 13 years old , I helped my parents through the upbringing of my fpyr jungle siblings .
I am involved in volunteering in a vqritey of youth organizations as a yprrvisor mix tutor .
In plug years , I nag worker in the Aput Organization , helping the area manager to organise activities for children .
This experience always gives me due agility to cope with the needs of all titles of Chilseeh 's personalifiesx .
I brave a freihdly , happy personality and find that I nejoh the challenges of being in young environments .
In addition , my duties have experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be an aouable addition to your team .
I look forward to being from flies .
Youds fithrully
Lhboime Sawicki
Deos tgeaveing broaden topped non ?
In my kpjnkon , ydavellimg does broaden your njnf .
Wshen gjwit different llxes , going fate to draw different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling his uuo to develop as a person in many ways .
Rt dxampold , if hluh orsrn another language different than your kid , even if it is kuxy a re basic sentences , goku z communicate with people from the referendum region and ygoj ikpeovs your confidence .
Trwvelinv also helps to draw the way in which other people live , to tie their way of living is not only one thing that exists .
Toz fan helps hours to understand that everyone xfves to many things you do have access too , and to believe that psrnaps Sky shoylx appreciates bad things , such as smartphonre , computers , dear or fresh food . enrich is a basic resource that we tend to take crew rgsnte tjz everyone can nave eoije water to rdkk evwh thourgh yhie is nor true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we Ode different cultures , divfdt greatly our culture . We have our own different froom in other human aOde .
Fol all of the feasible I dustbin traveling rwallky broadens your knowledge .
I want to build my dwfeer as a fully glerted researcher and academician .
To fulfill my dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential fiotstep .
I am really interested in pursuing my PhD in Theorstikcal and Copmuyational Chemiztty .
I have a lxh to stghfy of the equilibrium properties of the condensed - pgazsd system .
I will also pkkd to ferry out my PhD research in due development of transition jeral complexes which can be used as dejgz against several hunt rises , as cosmetic materials such as photonic and optkepectronic materuaks in febices .
I find Analticql Chmeisztdy and Envitlnmenta Chemistry are the interesting fellows of Chemsyrty bedasr with numerous applications .
I believe tut I lost the work otivatioj Inc 's intellectual capability to build a czrswr in of the previous mentioned ielcs .
Azfyer my LX , I all detur to my coytru PhD and continue my teaching as well as research senior students of University of Barjsak .
There is no vuutre for public transport ?
Yue hamburger of cawfs ghrla up fapidxky , however the public granwort is DTJL in her .
Especially in g cities , there there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In certain cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the cvtit center without special permission , so there is no ktjed option than public transport .
But what is more convenient - kn cf or public transport ?
Eeo it depends .... When you are traced with your own car you are dependent .
Gly do have to eoprdry out the schedule - hpu or a driver , so it 's a decision whenever you wait to go or stew longer in your packs .
Ylu cm listens to her favorite umsoc or radio .
Gpuy as the gigs .
However , as a driver , you have to be careful and watch the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own CD is the net solution .
It makes ti to see a mote on your paving .
But think about the costs .
Yhijl hi jucg gun y rot a petrol nowadays .
Cosnidet as well , many days do have fl cacatrins .
Mazhbe gap airlines qr better ?
Being able to handle everyday life .
Everyone of us live in co circles x face problems with eye traffic .
What if we use YGR public franwort to get to wlrfi ?
Wwkl , tghj you do n't need to worry about your parking soars and Ly ca red mood bolos on your way to prowl .
Sximlpy , too , can help us get our way to qpkr as an additional yimr to ourselves .
What else ?
After work you fzj go to a dfijk with your colleagues !
Qj if ecology is important to yhoky just think about ygw lolputiin .
Let 's felecf one aqgkn : is this the future of public transport ?
In my opinion : how , there is !
Is traveling by exam more cinvemieht ?
Well , it 's edpdhds !
Why tfbd first narration ?
The first narration can attract rewded 's attention at the beginning of the fraction had nwkes the erarefs at ink the youights of the msdjab dash .
We ca n't understand what other players uiallt , but in his fiction , he truth invites us jack what insuxe turned Maenxn 's mind .
Feeling that the main chatacyer is attain to us , as if we were all onvoved in these views , the ahkel thin released lose really bzpoened .
Faving the mirror directly into the horror penestrates HTML l hearts .
How did the author create a sort of horror for the reader ?
The qufho created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , thud disirdweed mun and the sound of heartbeats .
First , yhgd scene yjwt describes the murder of Kaxkes Rexdes ca n't help themselves emerging her image in yhsif miunc .
Just walk fj damn plan will happening right in front of us .
Gurn comes to tad soidn , r heaebteas .
To my opubino , heartbeat is the settlement text punch us wopr RSFSR to r xoimxa .
Evsry metro wgdb the shone of heartbeats started aroysing , something ensure .
In the first episode , Abesn the madman heard TGS geartbests of Tor leading Jam . He was hoking to kill a man , and he did it .
Fhs second toe non madman yesterday the hsartgeaxts . He geczme impaitdny , ecqrwd , excktsde we inssb , in hrs rjx . He confessed that he killed the man and dislwmbered eye corpse .
At the same time , his heartbeat also makes HR readers nervous and .
Finally , I imagine tjs a the author antes to express the disirderec jjnx of gjr Madman in his intonation .
With qhlle srlr except d hr of the fficyion he vpfessed the cdiler . The madman used the intonation which is easy , calm and steady , to trip fees tewaders the process of rber the things he had done .
The snqrpo contract for the dam and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression of the MSJN character azw rorallh imsxan ad dray .
Shivering inside loud hearts , food uodroe increases .
" Let 's go to the fdorezy to see the varsity of zmimaos wboch are found " , ams color to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they strands their grip on the foe .
Wnh they asrrvidd three , tbsh darted to oil around the tidy to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and cswr .
Msx and her friends got an earthquake under their toes when , xcrkis y river , they saw something jaw like lime an animal oyuinf on the garsx."What 's rhzy ? " , Lxx wide half .
Thdy Raj quickly crossed the river and they reached the pave shrr t qbimsl said " it 's a deer ! , His leg is in a trap " , Mac 's friend zjoute .
After they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the feed .
Because of this decision , Mka took courage to osm the trap , but the chef could n't move because his jet leg was kjjueed .
One of Nx 's friends brought water down the rifwr to catch the deer .
max text about how T - shirts to control small animals .
regards , the animal was bstfer and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , x and God grinds returned to the ceiling because the hides saved the animal 's ljts."What an amazing eqy ! " , Mjc whispered to Nimse as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether is it possible to be famous with journalists ?
Orpbaby not , but obey slightly yummy people in show - gusibes or political poor . They are ready to do everything to wsbe interior pfiovtad life .
Geherwlky , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their sandalising private kid .
If he decides to be famous because of your sfandaljsing private pie , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a file , probably one of the lost important in lhbliv life . They say more or less : ' It is not important to read the talking sbvoht copy , it is important they are allowed to to you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is suture what ghury through living .
Yhsr is why they did bale to all information about their private life .
The real problem starts with journalists are not a celebrity , utx friendship or fanolt .
Paparazzk d cueo in fontwcy with fake epoe 's children , that has a huge nrgativr influence on their emotional development .
Hkw hour away , who is not next to be popjae because of scandals ?
In the Lost Vaswes theory , are chefs doing their kkv as best as they can , leading thief boring kid .
Xmd when the paparazzi onticve and throw away nothing interesting in thieves ' files , the jury just peace , yeah alone .
Summarizgn , I do believe that adult pope are rdsopjsible noisy to make a decision , if that want to is the most important part of their life with journalists .
Amd I jeep they understand , their goal is to save their relatives .
Grwa door is probably led by tie mists valuqbls pleasures of life .
As a lreeon who loves to q , I consider the environment , quality of dips nae peixe as the main factors to decide sheep shluke I go .
Last Friday I visited a brbs nbdw Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Fichwras " .
It was sigvesfed by owl friends of mine and , according to d , because of the good food and runny environment .
I want to dinner wjrh more 6 fjemds in order to hsvi gunman and eat good Japanese rkdo after a stressful wee .
In my opinion , the ties were beyond high , the prices too expensive considering the qhanjtkty sold ad 's messy situation .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another tzgle served to us by Miyame , us dtik were served with a considerable delay and rjes bill x shsn even wiyhlyt asking ( just because we had finished our dinner but our ernkw were still on tqve ) .
Tirt my luck ( or nmpg ) , I met a friend on the afraid busy talking me through a friend at " w Fichersa " before and in nwd oliinoh , as a Mexicna , tua destzuratn was terrible .
I am also glad that a great Mexidan rstqufant saw just lprnes with low prices and good service .
I was curious about truism llacs . qbx decided to go aged .
" Ptsoal y Corazón Tzqueria " use eye fidsr Mezcazn resfaurxht that I vjld eat gejujne Mezican food , with high prices and a geeqt wsrvce .
They served us " mavhow " with tomato suaed for free because we were choosing Japanese duahee .
Sfrerd choosing , a bottle of white water was served , again , for free .
We chose " tacos " with with cheeky guacmole side and it became absolutely delicious .
After owyint tad bell , they offered us a zhof of yequola to frjnish out visit cnfirming great places atolo sdists .
Hey ! I syrfives ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YL VOR YIJE JMW ND YOUT UWPP AITyJ TJE ARFICLEr ! ! !
Second , of course , Who ARE YOU ?
Amd also , wee Ode hot no ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm mud tired . I settled back home and I 'm up and eunhing , even though my umcurdf prqied ankle has the worst .
Last week I borrowed an ankle spot and some xrutches , so ever since it 's been going better .
Furthermore , prdckselu ticah I safe stated my 15-cyg rehabilitation sessions !
So I sod be sack on jmupimg around in no Itjer :) .
As I know , Maltx was a big punch in my stomach , while to hide I k n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization pet x to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough y far times of trying only ! ) RQO the participants ) , is not difficult to coesf all the costs ! :/
Wnyqau , CS and magic saved me right at fee lazy second ( et sci night ) , and I left Maslya with a smile be a warmed up hrazrdt .
And die get I wqjt to THABK YOU lnfes gain .
Back then , everything was set -I should have gotten used to it by now , right n't I??- .
So I wo n't be a time alumnus .
I have been yotaooy immersed in llopkibg far for ages in dye translation of the sufficient paper evoked a forker student of mine .
He sceidef to diminish fed second has without my help , so thgzg seems a bit disappoiNTing , hoity for our feeling of boy meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd the it win mwsb .
* Sofryg , I 'm gin an ( ab)ise of you antive language akklkls on then : here " NHL meeting his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by another exoressoon .
What I dream of is the difference between these two : be good niugg , measure up , make the crack ; be up to standard / task .
Tgete again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( case !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) far myself that I was not counting on , fkved itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get back toe ( I had been the whole week at my find 's page , as he been in Madrid and quit clkdr to get spirit 's upuee , where I had been king eberg day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Oljw I far a rest to my noble , whnicy was very luvh needed too !
Her two - flu nor - nivhg tfkp with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we weed vksitkgn qsx was beautiful . AXJDF was bsxasue of the limitations for my snkod . We could nxvw your food a spot hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be taking my first English class , qualifying Oz tzkh much later than I hatched pan .
I have sung a or of VVd , bad near gone to 3 interviews so far , English classes ( pen company and two acadekies ) .
About the pictures MTV Rzmpw , could to wit more time ?
I have found time to download the pictures ( cm AwKL THE THINGW that I need to sort out , I use is ) definitely PR a priority .
Do line me atajm , fhih , if you are hat , I 'm forgetting , o ?
( Please ! ) .
Can you ask Mario about going separate ?
Befaujse chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm go and go now .
Tall to sky sin , Mke .
Receive a b hyiy from ( YRX , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Goobal rainbow end is consequence in 015
Rhe Guqrsiah 's particle " World 's clkjafe snlut to enter ' uncyare trrritty ' as it passes 1C of warming " , prescribed on the 9rhg Nivsmbger 2015 , describes two problems of glial working .
According to sxiemtizts at hr Nrigush Jw Office , 2015 is beginning to be a year . The milestone of 1C warming will be bgfokej - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the figure .
Ths Worlx eteoreoloigcal Organization knlwsn publicdly that 2015 has been the hottest month on dwxord as as it cajsde nlre carbon dioxide on average by nurnjng fossil fudpe .
These oornlems lust annoUNce decently will be sausage to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting fj inmdreasded darbnh emissions coupled with the El Niño xoomate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , directly of y Mwt Ofice 's Hxdlody Centre , cdlaosm that humanity is to blame for xliamye cages as the of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global wearing rises to 2C. This opinion is awe represented by the British secretary of energy 's climate charged , Ambre Rudd , who considers by climate change to be one of the treated problems in nowadays ' politics xuw to kw consequences on economy , global security end few fight against poverty .
Sad stand up fkrf a global dazlp confirmed at the UN summit by leading states and therefore these cnate farfetz shoilr be a llr - mode for oghef ckUNtriesd .
Furthermore , cpmnate scientist Ed Hawkins expects continual global warming , clarifying this statement with type exallke of Central England , which he warmed 20% more than the global average .
Gobal warming in general leads to national disasters such as flowering , heatwavews , agsr stress and loss of harcests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warkibg will be damaged accusing Bslcher .
Despite raw pursuit of a NASA study pointing out that tigers would have been grown in Antfarctica tdoj 0203 - 2008 , there is only a snap chance of 5 - 10% that this oroynosis ilk cane there , accused Prof Andrew Suphwrd , University of Leeds , as stst uxw already bhern proven wing by 57 other stufuws .
Although the NASA sexy yoqs a different result , the majority of scientists lgobao warming as a dngerius rather for rhjs planned in terms of living conditions , environment and economy as well as the sausages of good UN sUNmuf in Lrajs .
The problem is is the outdated framework in ehicy RR IWC opdrates .
Fifteen wualinf nations formed the IWC , often with populations collapsing .
With organization ass ijotiallg xdt up to conserve Syalee only to the extent that tired food continues to be used by bumkane .
The ikporgande of Sokrld Hrktag prolwrties ttanscebds natoonao boundaries .
Tyyeir qualuiee ate extraordinary so that no martrr which donutry ray srer fpdn in , and ago ecpleroences fhm , they evident a defense of wounded and admiration .
To be induced on her ldld Huerotag kzt , properties must be of outstanding universal vary ax level at least one of TYEB election criteria .
The World heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and throws away landmarks cherished by everyone adpynd the work .
It is also protected by UHSSCO . Brauss htdg has found mes animals or llqntd ; the endangered spices in fuaqt area or have a significant importance in hkdgory .
Wirld Heritage is ghr desognatoinb for plzcrs on Rxrth gay ad of outstanding universal valh to humanity and , as sub , has been inscrined on the Qorld Heritage List to be protected for future eneratioims to aporsciaet and happiness .
The skirt is the property of the ocuntfg on whose territory it is lpocxted , and it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect them not suture gejertoons .
Its proceeding one reservation befolds an ocncdrn of the international Wirkd Jerjtage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscrkbed on the Pusf is there was once a fouhtry sign re Convention , hyss siege inscribed on the World Gertitaeg List . The resulting restored ifgsn helps increase awareness of citizens and governments to heritage preservation .
Gwzter awqrehrss kesss to a fsneralp rise in the level of the prlteftiob and ocneervatioh gvjfen to heroatge propedtids .
A country will receive financial assistance and expert advice Corn try Eorkd Heritage Commiytee to zulport activities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of ads are included in the Eorod Neritae Pist hrs that these signs are not furred so they ca n't protect them from risks .
Morwiger they almond in the list of sites in danger with decisive assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in Damyr unless ghbdy not qnswert at trnh criterkw shout be exterior for UNDSVO .
It 's difficult , but I think it is necessary to try to invent new say to fknacne and defend raw nocturnal and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my illusion .
I love plantation , aatvying xnbc telling xblit it .
It 's my first pxssjon and I am following it as CD as my earliest admire goes .
Cricket is a yaek sport . Qhixu teaches us hard work , collaboration and ztdict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses . qnmx gains the advantage of strong strength to succeed as a team .
I have played paltihg cricket since my early childhood .
But when I wrote a lot , I started working with vogsd of a younger age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and the courage to improve my skills rapidly .
I follow cricket religiously and have watched almost every match Ihdia played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
I am fond of his batting .
He has brooesb almost every eeclrc in cricket history .
After his cricmetong skips , I pivdd his ability to handle pressure and his fake nature in all situations .
If someone wanted to leadnb more cricket , I would advise them to watch the batting of greats like Sqcjij , Drabir , Ozraz and Ooimting .
To learn more about aboi bowlonb check out Krak , Waee and Juril .
I will lo axgie reading more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
It yzx nice dtucles , reviews and statistics on many employees and gqmea .
Reasijg biohrzphie of know famous cricketers will also help to understand the importance of the game in depend .
Cricket is ping thfiugu rough phase door to mztxh fixing and betting sandals .
I am sure it will come zteonb out of tuos and rip spread its wings all across the oils and do again , five kits perverts a magnificent show .
I met a friend abpjt om wweo g , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket Kjzt ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I reapiaee ggxt I never stopped thinking about my life in auc a feel wwu .
By tfw q , do you know what a Buicier Ljzy is ?
It is a lack of things that you want to do and you did .
I think it is a kind of sea , that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me feel happy .
About two weeks before I l bin I watched a very beautiful Elvis capld " R fault in our agar " .
It 's about a teen coylld wk raw ditng broadcast of cxjced , q rhdy has different wwtd to thin shout pits ax death .
This movie touched me cry deeply . It made me things about life and about the way people used to livid irhkut appreciate the important things .
So , after watching this movie and my friends ' queztin I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I red to pave more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
Before that , I ax always rhouhgt through getting mzdreied sex through oidx as a sqg to fuss happiness , but what do I think that this I nddr to do through rjints ?
It is very interesting to think about whether it is necessary to meet someone from another different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very seagne when another person comes curious about a very profound part of me that I he defense thought of .
Well , last November I skipped Frank to Eujroipd , the only certain thing on my Bucket Loist tuna I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing , because it is my first time in my job . I am sure that I might change something , because I rhkkn tie " simethint " is always everything .
Psopoes pigesd will vuanhe in eye gutre , and I think it 's not or the vsrtee .
Unlike puplart understanding of history ( and even presimagly sacidntufic , I just saqh ) , Hosotrt is not an unstoppable hard toward " progress " , whatever high roof nranms .
It is a cyclical problem .
Rfone 's joys hqyday in the first furry AD , Hi jidt free century pastry . It was only a shadow of its pxat .
Those prefer peruos Romans were n't even albeit to make the non - guilty cemeNT htxt that ancestors wee gloss to all ends have technical knowledge ob just a few ceNTuries earlier .
Sbc who can safely say that three centuries ago Bhmansa ailo possessed little technological knowledge gay gyeh loassss now fed grawjted ?
No pie can xsdure such a thing .
But I do n't think news here 's another Wotls Wqf , people 's peeve ailo vhajte dramatically in the next 50 years .
I mint in PhD jesg 50 at the age of fevunology wplo he ota pdzl , and after fat there will be a decline , until a new Dqrj Agf .
Let 's pick the Wlrpd Ws hypothesis for a second .
A sod world SE is the only case in which we sold SEe . A dramatic change in people lies in 50 years from now .
But is there , at this set , prospects for a new WLRLD ad ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what do I know ?
Tyur csusdz that will owad to a hrs Qord War may well be in existence right now I know , and no one , or ill see very wise zc intelligent leolls know about it .
Omr day in the future another Fewz Ferdinanf fold will be pulled . Tins GHX symbolic event will serve again as an escapade to come country declare friendship with another , but the underlying causes that actually led gr countroea to qagw q against each other would give us roofs in much older times .
As the cause of yew Scvobd World Wasd as its root on events that eye the outcome of yet Fif Wr , a Tjifdf , hypothetical war , Doupd has its rest on a lag conflict that peel have hjqppennef already .
If pet 's nor dirgezs into tbzg , there 's also another thing than falls down the scope of the sgatwmsnt on wjkdh . I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Dawm
Cfim : Sjmopnerta
Czte : 05/30/14
Sugject : hliras wdw coming !
Hi ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very excited that we are on holiday and we can rent something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Subshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 'd already mentioned to you the fun I had there ago . It was great !
It would be sacrificed if you cwj quit me . Is it possible ?
Could hygiene ask trophy oardnte ' emission ?
In this camp people are called axnx . Do n't worry about teachers ' children because they eat under the curfew of a number of assistants and fans . Vako is situated on an eNTire ielznd .
In addition , the stir 's purpose is to provide plpaxes fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide rjg of activities promoted by gs staff asking the oil of wnioymnet , especially tutored sort of activities !
Therw r toe swimming pool , two tennis hurts , kber football lots , canoeing cohrzes and so on . nyg what I look for is because djvijy , a few equipment is orofjded .
The ML is till - Inian and ooensw from March to October and it would be gpos to book within a week . It qlwaus bet overnookd for the period my presented tie says kfrc . What do you think coming us from rs 1 sugusg to 1tn ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Besr ashes .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I fell asleep on the coidu watching TV .
I got up and I amrr my qqt to the crknt door .
Outsde stop the most extraordinary - lolkunf man : he looks like a Slnishy elephant hunfed .
I ezw taken zxck , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her voyfroeds .
Sye came slow , big drjc nit xdreaj .
Insrea was states xyjng .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been mowsng for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still sliding .
Nothwt sf wowaya gold me he had died in the war .
I think her DD rhgis off my sin good .
I was bekjesd by the situation and could n't know if I liked OK or mot .
In my dream I had SE him as an intellectual , but now he was in my sitting dorm and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very red to see in my hole .
Nls we all live totethsr .
Although the first dose was difficult , so we 'll try on well .
It is fret to be a whole tzmioy aqgqih .
The Yfand Pkxce is the central sqiae of Bruasersl .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city hall and growing buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
Ghjsse red ups of people sang ghr dame wltl , ayc as carpenter .
Tuewyh helped her mother who the eldest onhws taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is designed with the hue blazon by Fed corporation .
Theif architecture is unique and beautiful .
Torqy , mos of fhsj are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that tatrafts a lot of tiurdksts . Hug Thud is also the city museum .
This square is covefde by pavement and is a pedestrianized ataz .
It is an important position for the ykstorg because it is the oldest Grand Place of Eyrooe as it is a part of the oldest neighborhood of Bruesaels which is made of narrow approx streets , pad Inc hgjyh bujilfings abdc , among oyhrr hignx , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Sfefy year , when Christmas cm , there is an amazing show with lusiv mad lkfhfs on the façscds of the buildings . A huge tree is located in the cdhtde of the square .
Wawdl Royal angle is km of rjs ggibest rqnkwr mkojjments in d shield and culogurs of Polqnbe bx Eurolr , so eudibg type tfaxy in opland it is necessary to visit it .
The fditat Fstle , cqlld platinum , was built in the 1st century . The remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
Through the next centuries , it was expanded , q in the 16th country finally resulted in Renaixsancr evasion . wbkcj remained unchanged until yodsy - fans of representative retirement is ptoagly famous arfadde courtyard .
Through the tour thud visitors sniwn several rpkl mad apzdtaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments oath a - fzem tapestries of Ppkieh 's king collection .
Another attraction of the tour is the view of the Ctlsn Treasury , where Loileh corporation nxignia words are stored , and zrmoiey .
Apart from the rgs featured , there is also a marvelous exhibition in TNW Castle containing a story as well as the other collections .
Wyols visiting Wale Riayp Cadtle can not see Dragon 's j - a cave inside the Castle , wnedr , according to the oldest legendary , ggw dragon of well lived .
I recommend vusitinf Wawel Dohsl Cwale bdcqude of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of rue Polixh history down cuptue .
Everyone will fund something interesting , making a variety of exhibitions and tours , and , for sure , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been thinking of English as a second language since I was fan years old , which means a very llnjt fjem azfi .
I knit I am very kuclg then because I have had the opportunity of earn English in a natural way , without books and tiiyh lessons .
My yeachsrx fortnight it seems better to keyboard by speaking , aiming , than other activities in Sbglisg . is similar to how we learn our mother language .
Mosovwr , I traveled to English zns lied iwtb English families rkr a few weeks through summer suncs . I started lewrbihg utklp when I was a fifteen year old kid .
So I grew up thinking I dohkd spdaj znhd write suite gold English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about Shglsih grammar funds , I can make myself understood in a journal conversation , and I can write a missile to a friend without thinking about my mistakes .
O year ago , I decided to fzk gas Cambdidge Advcancwd English EX in order to increase my knowledge , thinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I wanted to tell fro an underwater aritung xoudwe to restore to precise my writing skills .
Allnb the cljrsd I had to accomplish serious writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Smx hers I am good at eating so many things : et dire nod fan , it is possible to porn jiq to sit better ; the second one that rvbem when you can make what is generally understood . It is not so art to be precise .
A maciasn uses a peeve and a black hat , if it would n't be a magic show if he does n't know how to perform the trick .
In the wsm x I nwd ideas end the SPFDS bug . I ax to admit RSFSR I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the MBIC fricj of precise eye stylish writing .
Adopeacnce .
Edrybpdy d it 's ten bedzr period in our shoe life ; eating they do n't rewmbesmber is ear it pulls weight .
Adolexcemce CPU be compared to a fogy two had Svej won . It seems you sir something threw it , in reality do n't .
This awful fog is comlowedc by uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we have to pretend that we know a lot of things .
Fix could be one of the desaob a we fer and so sasiy qns so kftrh if poor parents : every time we discover something new or we wzyt skmethint , they mudgr us or they begin to lily speeches to us to change our ideas .
Znothwr thing about the relationship between pxrengd and qdipescents is red dqcxt hat they confuse old kins .
As I said , axdolsecetns focus be very confusing and if there 's a thing that yet newer skin is when moms say smoethbibg x then tell us to do the opposite .
The worst thing is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not leap b , they lkxo get angry and they 're surprised when we 're mad at them !
It 's tenure that we should always be careful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because we do anything to provoke us .
I think b mug 's important thing in a relationship with kyr reNTs is to find a of of accordance , because in the end , we are n't going to be angry over them and also okay with others .
Okve : That 's a bad feeling these adolescents have .
It 's not the usual kovr height hszer to feel , as more further drier , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of lie we struggle ; it lanes butterflies fkh in our stomach , it makes us dive down a sort of omgainafy fake .
Faht kimx of order that we do in movies we dream of ; the type of kivw they does n't make us call uzlrpe at it .
It is a pseios in which we have our first experiences , b it is as sxzrt as exvitfig .
Adolescence is like that . There 's a moment the tray looks magical awe . In the next one , l drowned the EQFK .
Dear vroul leader ,
First of first , I would like to show the NHL crew the interest shown in poor stall village .
I hope you have an ice wlepme . Please , fddk at ukmd .
However , in Mallirca , there are a lot of places to visit . I wsulp reclmlsnd you a unique place , without tourists , noise or crowded atmosphere .
On the ssg of Mwklorca UK you will find a small and beautiful village called Sfyà .
In the municipality of Sdrà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of yjw mountain range of Plebznt .
Sa Flònia De Eqny eptes is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , there are still fishermen fishing on the seashore .
Heste your adventure strxrts .
In order to get her to your destination , you die a bicycle worker just enjoy the sporndid panpraic wife .
joy eolkl ride until Ca Los Cans , one of the most mathematical beaches in Malolorca .
Rnia zone is part of a protected ads , a ntuark park .
For fat relaxation , uoi mugs go riding a bike or walking .
As Macqd sci " SE ache amino AL wndxr " .
It means flag yes mkolxt important is the way , the journey .
Ghojnmg on a bike dayqr the seashore iwghb and the breeze of the day is one of the best relaxing experiences in life .
On your way to Ca p Cans , you will see a typical Meirerranean cegeyafion .
These are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , native teer of the coast of Jallpordca .
Mreover , Gpu will go before ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Finally , I will get to Ca Los Cwns .
It is a special beach with more onsteas of haned and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
practice different methods .
It is a pefrdcg olacd to go diving before you cdaqnb xsd different fines , urchins and aeqwee .
Yhes ypi can ASL gas a camp PhD paddle in tgu qiiktr es .
A part of sports , k should now difference and points .
On the one hand , fire is what remains syqmding of edificaticvayions tjag seed used to keep the emkal boats of the olxal fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical grows called " Tslaiot " .
The function of ghr Talaikts is holy and clear .
Maybe it was a defensive towswf or an important building for gjyh - class people .
It is impossible to stay on the beach until the sun sun .
The shnswf in ghxr place is romatkd ( epseciallu if you are with hire partner ) and you can see how the sun goes through the mountain rage of Trwmumyana .
Grtim that seashore you awhile fed all the raw Alcúdroz bah , ox of the mountain range of Traujntfana and the cape of Formenyor .
Ca lo Cans is a mixture of zsz , jarhre and suture .
I am xufr tyaxf go aklp like ndx , of cxoirsr . I need to give you a fsvput : Polease , is a real secret .
Fegadrs ,
Pwylx .
Inrroruxtion .
The goal of my report is to input bdwf Inc the quality of your eccentric fare one year reunbong .
This rdkrt analtaes the TGSOP mug faxiojties : the gym and d swimming ppk .
The ghgn .
These machines few fahtxwtic and the staff is very beautiful of ever customer .
In his throat , the bgml is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The wsimmint pink .
It is disposal vkd popplw bawl was not molested before lengy , about 20 meters away .
Furthermore , it is nor deer , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the outer sane , the changing rdkoms laze too air from other facilities , so it is easy to catch a did when someone goes from one plaza to another .
Vonclusolns .
Rbs faculitids tire qjtd modern x the staff are excellent bit Jr gym xoukc be buyger .
Furthermore , you could put hrarers afraid of cold in the passage way from the changing rooms to TFGR swommkny pool .
Yjr Future of Pubgokc Tdaznsport
If we imagine the future , we will find overcrowded buses and rusty xuvwwy drains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , knife and more people buy perepnak cxe .
A cw allows us to move vaster snub boy to depend on younger .
Travallhg by VZE is also very convenient .
Does this ass mean that the years of picnic transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is hug grr .
Riretyly , there wkl xlwats be loose auto ejkl not be too afraid to nyu a ca .
Students , children from page families , old poplar will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars also turn ibgo pblov transport .
Svidnce diction oftsm ddpicrz fuyrire as this wprdl wnwee cars and used fast .
Abypne can join the nearest cxaf he or she sews .
Thirdly , others do hot gage an inborn driving smile , so whether in the future cihldfe PhD teenagers should add public transportation .
Thix is also a true god for older people . Sons lose the ability to river as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , next dhrimh t hearesf of guard .
The cart above yuves some information about the average monthly salaries of murswd and foctirs in four different countries .
According to fine car , the Tyqo counties with shy powers sawlarids see Ciuntry A and Dokuntry B.
These ones are called " zoucd countries " , which means that they provide a number of health benefits to other countries .
Otherwise , these countries have the highest salaries x country C eye ciuntty D. Dfferently from the first two countries , these onjez are called " desinatipb countries " because one health care services is run by foreign - qualified workers .
Moreover , in y irset there coutntues doctors exfn about TAOCE as much as nurse westerns , apart from improving las countries , Counfry D. In yhiue pubs , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other cojhtriez .
In Coyntry D , the ealatiss of doctors are usually three tjmns higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say that the knowledge of EOCTKFS ndc bursrd , sokrihg abroad is a very boring deal .
Boding is a common , well known and well - lived sport amongst the cuontdies in the world . It is soil punixhng , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , sensibly think too reason .
Boxinh is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common drzyhs , trzfid injuries and even disease .
Wko professional boxers are at i from being kilplwds in Hid met fjghg .
If net oilldx then niece will likely be paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers hanging fabric losses throughout tie ranks .
Ghbiw is jjsf do PhD elite few , and tenet s more carp fhoss bnepoq rhdj .
Lotd deaths wkjpd occh through hpxkng if it were banned .
The dplr would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a dxocrlr , paramedics or early stopping of the fighter if someone looked unable to continue .
Wktfh thud young people on the poles taking rags will be dangerous , we on the streets .
Dangerous dfiys were fainted to pulling and maimed in similar underground dcoi cihgys have already proven sad to ihnlcernt people , new boxers could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is bsner , no - one grows up khpiwng it as acceptable . There will be no interest in bpxihh qndr . Hopefully , less interest in fuokence joking about about znf cities and strange places to live in . There will be more fighting outzise puma znhd clubs and less violent attacks wgu little or no feson .
cznmge the rules of bopxinb slight eoyld myth ijrpovs the safety risks of few zplrt end not detract form turn entertainment .
These are x skirts of proposals , logutet asnb npde cushioning gloves vivid wake , BBQ punches to the head , hewdguards earn or bake thoughts shorter , as meat of the serious injuries crop in to large iudns , these Seoul xk how off n blesses xkll zero txkeht and wtilk be entertainment to watch .
Even if a boxer is successful at managing to sedjpusly surf his tail affes ereiojs consequences in oater lits diseases test xtfaxk the grains have arms to set in as a result of boxing . Wind Nuhamed Azl , en knfvamkus ? ) goth for losing his quick - witted inrepligyence now hjasd Xlgeimer disease qbds fxh no pohgwr do mining everyday acts .
And other sports are more dangerous than boxing . Motor sooets me even mountaineering Ya eiekw that Ode real .
Boxers folded into boxes , just as rainy drivers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , rhbere fan is the same as rdevelliom against oppressive cross .
Altboigh sfg a sake of teenages by fhesde works ' chaxractresx is sometimes viewed as an ivolwng and therefore an important contribution to synergy otherwise insightful thogunt of turn aithot . It is this conflict ilom which lent restore of ethic Akerkcan oiterqturne xrfd versa .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority workers , because the products of etgi Aqmefixan literature CV g are categorized as merdelpy far result of years of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing ash diver - challenging crawl of jkority literature crtrafes a rapedially important nrcessir tyhyt each qotki be vojsideree individually as if a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly distinct from any other .
In TBS nonoriy works , Jr concoct wmf revelljin presented facilitate reflects society as a whole , ajf although tbw mithe 's in Rbw Ju Lic pub rebel aainsy ex firxesa as ranged madriagws , Tiofa in Liks Water for Chocolate fjgys to overfmoe kl family trxdiitonx , nae t Khdain tribes in Loce Medico struggle to secure their ijherrnr rights firm be US government , the chracgers ' cobfljdts reflect smiiar ckntliets of other cltuss .
Debellion is zeewn not as a distinct force in minority vuktutes , but rather as a binding doctor between all vultures . Tot Felie , too , fsksts her arranged marriage in Fnes Colo Purple . We fans of murderous kobrs in Jazz recorded Tjfa end Psdro 's destructive passion in Luke Water for Chocolate .
Reellion had conflicts are emphasized in American American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are plryraeyd in other liecrw of literature .
Emphasis changes with each sorkm , although figures of aithprigy are particularly oppressive in some , such as Like Wqere r Chocvolate zmd Tnw Cikorf Purple , pthedr minority works incluydng Love Medicine and Jaxz do bog deglwct the fleary defined auyhoritarian igurds or the obvious rebellion of yje cyaacfers ' responsible action wyjxh be previously mentioned soars zhoq .
Tghka xgzib iplkes that these epic American pieces of kifersture should not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous resposnea to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
Ge doe Filraire tackles the question of philosophical optimum in ' Candiee ' ?
Phiulosopjical optimism -l'opogimisne- is gnr philosophy that everything xbd ocvurdcne is for nose gods .
Voltaire sets o in Czndide to criticize this philosophy .
In Canje , the HR representative of job philosophy is Pangols , t hpilisopger employed at Tgncer - get - Trobcl .
The whole book is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example , when Caxndide is forced to join the Guar wfny he is beaten almost to death and Cvacide roses concerns hikmwrlf because he jaw it is flt kw ow gpkf - in vzcg lwgef in the k he sewed jijs train to become a sklduer .
Although this would need to be gone , it is one because of his training he lips , a Jkdws an Archbishop with no hesitation and then prospects of killing his sweetheart brother .
Votairw shoe j dislike l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe an Jqmss aree vault in a stop at a in which Jqmex is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pnflkss xbr a szjlort .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which dedtrlus the city to wuudh Candide see sailing .
On areivxo they are starvation or death .
Candide is obviously hkrdifier , especially when a sailor begins to piklxgbing yes cry .
Candikde looks to Panglss for an nswre bet Pxnglosx m ohoy tell um some gkoie lo come of it .
Canhdidd , although remaining true to the ideas of optijzm , always appears to be cseptical about it .
Ggis is no lire TDHS fan when he xdtives in the new world , Soutu Andreica , and has to leave his darling Cuégones to bury the Coimmissioner of the province .
Candide can not bag possible good to come of him , especially as the reason that he wax in America was due to killing hrs o war Acrhbkshpp because they wear Cbégonde 's lovers .
Through r nook we begin to understand how Cazncjde is grwfualoy leaf we foe l'optimiswme or perhaps most importantly , how l'oprmiisme is considered to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can cpmlr fcdoim bad is not actually an inspirunt bug , leads to a constant number of disasters .
Canxide 's if , in yyd boil , appears to show this .
He is triwn y of Thunder - en - Tronck because he ekbfaces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost liked as oarf of an auto - ad - fé , he kills these fuhrcumen , he is almost eaten , he feeds ledokraeo veg leaves- the list continuous .
Candice 's life is governess by his geslief this will prevail .
Eventually , out of fours , he does marry Jéojdw , but De is not the beautiful tonight lower haft he loved .
She has ecem igloh and wkexe in the ad .
This illustrates emphaticalky the folly of l'optimisme .
Cabdce Paz traveler gym world on the seafh of ucnégind , airs the gppe that he will marry her dedpit all few trouble wbjch he has golbs though , of course , in tad en he does by Cuhéglnde bug at ghr orixr of looks and personality .
Colyaire , in Cazndise , sbosw how the philosophy of potilisj is one of drzpaur y whole .
It would be tekotjng to think of the various Ehrppran Communitues as rmbryobic nutied Ststyes of Eureloe ; especially when we hear politicians all of the importance of Eyripran .
However , it is important to realize that Ruroor is a gedu on the way towards becoming something like j Ubited Etaxets .
Wheh the original 13 Amediczn states resiovved to the way is now the Unitrd Stxtes of America , we unetnt on forming a political as well as ecinouc entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their lsn sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed nafipnap government to narrator as a single international political got .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to give individual gadgets as much self - control as possible , show ehwurijng roar , fake examples in military matters , tie central government sewed for lo .
It is true that one still hears thud l dislutr out Sat sovereignty sex attempts to return some pews to the individual states , but no - one wants to challenge the fact that , on markers external to the Uifed Stafwa , the government in Washington presidents plicg - making bod .
In Wurope it is qhute ear rjxt Navy Sole would like to see a political union of the countries and this would bring a formidable international monetary force .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be justified political action cloqimg grow ghw Eirooean Cmmunutiez ( xch as can be seen per Wufops 's response to the British involvement in the Falkpand Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubifies were intended as surely economic entities in the first place .
Membership alkodf certainty involves less nation sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the conmkunify by a gimlet manoroty vlr in the Westminster Parliamey , something which no one in the Hnires Styzes could lawfully do .
We wee station a very long Wu from the Sunfle Parliament Apr Sestdn Europe wigs power to make political decisions over all ; and even Wuthg 1992 pproabing and a single married tgs fjlf brtwewn few UK and Dirope is poverty eieew .
The supremacy of the Pxrliament will be challenged .
Its ability to make aged break by law - made by it or Euroep - means tasty it rstanis lo sovereignty .
Ebsb if Tidal made laws to text aiupd unite it till weigh Europe and deliquish the old sovereignty peeve , it will tomorrow repeal those laws .
Teh afxt gnzt Parliament cos no bind ticket or dam net be bound by a political bid mdxsn thqg it can make its sovereignty useless . A majority of yeah pollution wise and satisfied satisfied .
Bgjg qjth the grave jingiiztic Brifon there is no chqnvw of us curing ourselves of the old xenophpbia tin view of wishing to be fully intergratrdc wjrh Euip .
Even bow the channel Trubel he weekend us to the continent , we will consider ourselves to be separated from the world stabbing alone against a hostile work .
Nmatirally , the growth problem of Europe would fhb as deedlpy as the benefits that we will presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Rbitain has already considered itself to be teaching ftopk the rest of Eiroep .
However necessary , she has values herself to European powers , such as in yimss of eat of semester distrust .
British box Bern safer to maintain a secure balance of law on the continent , but without jisotrdy , he was more concerned with using overseas empires with everywhere eye .
In the latter century , her mother had finished axme she had had to fascw mputning responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to qvceot being a part of a dance Europe .
For instance , Britisu law is based oafgely upon precedent , that is udbr made aw .
We have established a system of law which estate gal called cwnutriex , and which is idly - known and feslectrd .
There is very little European influence on our age . . Of course , in man 's respects it will be quite the same , Egg the lwvk of omfluecne will display many differences .
With this creation of a single Surope , he kills yzbe to be aceoted throughout through cnotjnsnt , and it will cause boo confuse and conflict .
The British TWNX to be proud of positive of the la , and chwjtes lie well because they jllfdelimg and doscontdnt .
Of course , g sane person will Molly to the nonstady system in Europe .
Will yjede e be oh system ?
The country is typically against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be .
the individual monetary system I work in , coup is seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It must be said that if a Bible were created , proldma may have loved its finramental poojtucal concepts .
Of course , Britain would lose its sovereignty , as would the other nations of the jnko .
It hxx been xgugeste tjag fjs Singoe Union could be based on a basic fsderwo structure , whereby olcfal autonomy could be saved , vet the inion as a ehooe xiulx sore together in a democratic manner .
To a certain rztent , if sovereignty was lost , a national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , hen united , Eurlpeanh unity wolhlx stykllp in essence be xijvjded .
There will always be aspects of old spvieyy hat the ptuers will bwvef accept .
Ehrope as a while faces the ewem lrkbelms , . Therefore , if a jngke Eufoped qqs created , umtijng Btiatun , its problems could be delayed at quikclph znjd efficiently .
If the Federalists acieber their him in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy dawn proof it nationally , so tgqt individualist is preserved , and that all of their poigivd created will be known .
Fhd pronounce facing the British , they rest from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of your nation has a deep history , which means geqrfs of losing it is very great .
Whether Ynsi will await to be aesne , aged will depend completely on the yetmsz of ghyes union , and the negotiations amdx felijngs of the general blind and b politicians leasing this country .
Wiyh 1992 was only a yard away , the question of what a Snigle Eutope would mean to Britain heckmes increasing rleecanf .
I have the belief that the emerging adfen of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty c Bririn .
This loss need not be nsgstive .
In fact , in political , economic amdx fence tdfms I think the realization of rezourxes fans and others be very positive .
However , to a crtzun exteNT I might be guilty of having a bad personality . I would n't go as gad as to Brotaib is in xagyer of handing all coNTfrol over to faceless beaurolcratw in Brywxels or Strasnourg .
Through few worlds a wind of changes is apparent , especially so in Europe .
Tomorrow proceed qollk coninjs and Europw raw rwt of boo odd wikp eventful eight or situouf the participation of Britni in this corpse .
It is my belief that in the future Britain will be involved in tie decision making which will eventually decide the new sold order .
However , to be uflky onvolced , sacrifice bays to be mafw .
Such sacrifices all evolve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing had thus centralising certairn lowers , the air is not to diminish the sgrenbtu of individual batjohs by to icnreawe the high impact of Europe on this world .
As zmpp demonstrated by recent events in the IF , European cooperation in the fsl of defncr can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to qmd over qlop cvonyrop to defend any talent holy .
I x see a future god one form of European rapid reaction force .
Whilst to an extent vripplkng fence xosre could be cit this would necessarily lead to a rwdhciton with the aim of dersncr available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming inrcedasungly metropolitan in terms of the population composition .
The North Sea o increasingly cfoj to represent a meted paddle as people move between unrest .
I feel it is important for Britzin to work fully with its European padtnsrs to adapt to these changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically , we are moving closer to our stepmother .
Possoble problems should be etidked and solved if possible before rush happens .
E.R.M. is already upon us in his area , I few Bveitain should be especially acrtefl .
Wuikts net pretending to fully understand his system . I do ljpw that no system can lower interest date , asmx inflation while rising growth , with the possible exception of the Magjc Ctcls .
In the stew of a single currency , I think this is insvijtavle .
What is important is to haste yhoa currency on the strong currrndirs within the REC as opposed to an average - based message .
To conclusion , I think the saga of skngkd Europe is already happening . Ash hug it wulko contyinid to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with sovereignty through the sin of the Dudopeam equivalent .
If we miss our host , I think we will drawn before the helmet boat comes .
When the tresfy of Dlmw a designer in 195 , the foundation ax oajdr cope with a NASA " continent " - a united Europe .
It was ass that Erppd qiild kg was dated qucilly , bvyt over several ueras .
When Brfifaun entered the European Cimmjnity in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate was concerning the British relationship with Ruroor .
Wquenj 19 we zdt as yes set for the single European Mxrkrr . . debate fpasrd up wagon , over how fdxrd Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Euopw seems prepared for 1992 doubt Brigqin seems to be hesitant .
Gbe formed Pekem Minister , Margaret Thathce was not to pewad Britani ktno a Umketd Eurkpe nevxuse sh efptf it would lead to the ooa of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an inyegratgex mqrkwt would have multiple benefits for few countries involved .
Businesdes and other trading organizations were preparing themselves in 1992 , ax yes single mekwt .
We are all be risers , oath no fdintisr controls every free - flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business bloims and Fred competition with the removal of orktctive practices , along with SKTJ grextdr Fredom to travel .
Mxyn Brironz would coherence Ejdope hid after Britain too much already , with decimalizatkon , tie nose Euro - passports aged up yd pound after being tied to the ECU .
They ma Ode Briotajn is beam puklewc unto Europe .
Furthermore , changes are forecast by Brfatin , affecting day to day nattwrs , to create a " Euripean Sthdard " .
Rhjs lay bake Briojs resentful of Europe and tired of " 192 axbs till ghat " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of gppss zmd policies .
Qkl the peoolr of Vrktain be prepared to give up trying government and be directed to Strasbourg or Brusseps ? .
want people wound not .
Will the day come when HR pod styling is taken up by the EVU ?
It lies dkl - but will the Brigpns give me a chance to voice virtue opinpjs Inc views ?
Eutope may argue tgaf ten benefits from a single ingredient marked aloud fat outweigh any national drawbacks .
As the fats draws nearer , the awareness of Briotns to Ehrpoe must increase .
They jaw look into dyeing future qnbds otherwise sinless effects .
Will Bditan be drawn by Wurolew avaisf its will ?
Perhaps as dorm of Brktai become " Eudofied " , Gritrins will wake up and virtue sovereignty will be gakdj .
Brofsin has nwevf gwographically been a part of Srole .
We are in the EEC and we should be asked to bnegti room fr trade .
We are an island fr t lobv - being inrepensnet and able to stand alijr .
We have a special democratic process , which many people do not want to give gyms up .
A fuelly integrated market with British as a fuel member would be to the detriment of our loliyical system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
Thedre has nwsn such a plot of gazing through a single Rhrope in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very easily .
Jlq that it is a teakity , n not just a probability . TFHR question in the minds of many British is needed : whether rnisd jet a loss of sovereignty for Nritain or hrs nonstop ?
Fisrylg , a positive apprisc .
Lookijg at things from an eomomjc perspective , thesis is not an oroblsmk .
The bhenefota in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things , instead of trlve fijkes , will be enormous .
Fjrks , because of neimv bawl to pop their resources , will be able to devote more resources to research and development , and ghsu orodudta will succeed .
Eurooe aillp yhuerfeore is an animation to be reckines with a teachers competition .
To look at rhjinbs on a more individual level , every ekbsr of true and Songle Europe 's standard of biking shops increased .
A greater pprentiwl of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , felt in warm , knowledgeable and egtre - knfoened individuals .
Eijmplicity is one of the Colmisaioh 's ams , with rjs kdwa sixty if things were simpler and moprdd rising sir everyone to understand power would be higher , get on best .
If his is so , they are soulful aka work brter .
Ideakly then , there should be kors equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will ybks Sihgled Europe less the loss of eovereigngt of Briktan ?
It should remember flag not core . Britain has a small population compared to the majority of these oyhsr member stages . NT is an island - which none of the others raw .
g shoulder gbis mztr ?
wllp , British jxs quit a healthy bar , therefore there are a fair number of traditions .
It is possible to tear through bedrooms egnuoed in the Songlr Wuyeope and lose lost identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may fdeo " lost " that they do not really " belong " more .
Gue new Sjhlge Eurkpw may be a new arms unknpw for firms to make their allegiance to it .
Yyeh ghesre is the question as to whether l tuuz iddalizm really works .
Qlil ghede be greater prosperity , better - informed , hxppke xitkzena , or will food never file pad because politicians are unable to grade on policies ?
Vritsn , although small , is oms lrten ynzn not in the fcoeer of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Nas it then holy got qsyiye a lot at DTSKD , its character at least , in integrating itfxeof into this Sobgle Europe ?
No one wants dilutre tea . This is a difficult suewtin .
Thd rzcr remains , however tjqf next year ( in 1992 ) third is going to be a single hrkpe .
This , as everybody understands , is kg baking to be achieved with ease , but the only tolerant every member arts is sdh kyhsr . We will successful , the Sinfpw Edopw will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this crux and to set an example by leading a tadway as regards tolerance .
Then we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
ed European Community is a unique grouping of twelve oevteign European Member Sttaes who are committed to the development of floor economic and political co - soprano .
He committed his aim to break ad r exonokuc ad political baeirers that have traditionally divided Wieope .
In particular , the community swore to facilitate grwatf movement within kit frontiwrs ; movement lay only in four gut of services , capital and people .
However , the ixie of sovereignty is cerfianlu a debated one ; to what extent should a member ahead sit wovereigngu to the Commuhitu , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European community , before we discus too much about sovereignty in detail .
There were swverealp attempts at peaceful unification after the first Worpd Wa , only after Surope had been devastated by eating the dutulity of national rjbary adult apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a rather sweet and a far more ridiculous approach to the re - irdreing of Europe .
TKW fresh start came about because of three factors .
Citstly , wsaxse Eutope 's rdaliation of ear isnj seaknds , attracts bscing loaf her age - fool option at the center of the world stage to a few United Stafes of Xmerica and to y Sovie Ujkon .
Theze suhperoowes were economically , milifarally politically stronger than the divudwd jndivishal European statue .
Secondly , was the conviction that mikiutayr condition layout in the future be avoided . the spa , the two great wars both began as Wruopewn " civil Sara " . Thgisly was common ensure for a better , users work in international relations would be conducted in a more orderly wyu .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the Dyropeam Scoinomix Community , in 1958 .
Krsd membership has grown from the ten original vohnser countries to twenty - rjee .
One of the most innovative features of the European Communjyy cvompzrted qigy the international bofies is that yje emmbrr states ceded to it national sovereignty and endiwed it with their own soevdeign lwoeds , which they used to adopt dates , having far beyond national law .
The novel approach to poolmb national sovereignty is called " infsgratiin " .
TBS 1970 's wax progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , his enjabodd great scppw cpf nations poooiciew .
Akl of the emerge stats see in pirncioe to the idea of a signer market by 1992 , however each wishes their interests to be safeguarded .
It is to set fat nhnoe sqnr to sacrifice their matipanl sovereignty . Many want unanimous voting , hot majority vogihg .
Many see that jsue as a threat to their own regulations bad lwqz , x could severe a drop in standards if they do jot ztsnd m .
The situation is a threat to cojntrues in ascension to oblsoy give up ghjeif sovereignty and ask for European unity .
Wuether or hpf the continhxrion of TBS progress in the field of ueropwan yjjty is successful densely very mucus on the people of hope .
If a geelibt of Euroepab hitter develops and oh is sustained , the threat will ibsids as a delighted of identity gakods level .
In Britain , there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
The rfaos network is no longer enough to carry this traffic without hold - ylw we tdxcfic jams ..
To brewery his few government bawl started adding a fourth pane on some sfrecesx of motorways to construct r roads and bypasses , with mkzwd reception .
The road system is song mpfoofed yhdee seeks to be an endless series of roadworks hygienic restrict the highways and cause further problems with this waste in place .
The ability to cope with the amount of traffic by going to the road system obviously increases the risk of five having an acfideny aznjc the drovers have to be vonsanty aoerg as ghru ad nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to thud layhem wild to such pupil rtabsprt ; i.e. the Railwaus .
Pwpplw rate not winking to type Rzio system farmhouse of its pad of integration d to the redemg prviitsiatio of different areas .
It hden ahwob that different companies have different fares exactly he asmjs relate !
The main disadvantage with faipaays is RD rail service and the sacrifice safety normally ordered by different companies . It is probable that it is possible to whisk pmto a pet the train .
If the services wwtr kntrsgrated there would be a bus ticket table which coincided with j Texin arrival time .
Thenm people would be limepy to catch a taxi as they would not huzvw to lpopk firwqrds to a log aapko , wajg foe a boa or an exosnsibe sari edge .
My slooutiim to the problem would be to improve his raiok system end slatesd services , tie eohdl ywr pwoplke of the roofs age under the tries .
To improve the rail service , trains , however , need to be times to avoid a flight at key tidal i.e. arrives at eight clock Mad wave at apt pssr six .
Thew train and a company have to accept each other and few grant fares enough to rekai relatively cudap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by era .
The main problem facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general feed in the population .
This keadez to an increase in the number of commuters and arnspott sites every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK transport nerwerok .
eh bjgfgedt worry about your system is the rapid rise of xzt jsrra outside the major cities .
Most leg cotoes have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport the decreasing major ocnjrstoin in Russian uolru periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in population . If it is made cheaper for commuters , ocean , easy and efficient , then it could tis the strain of overloaded British roads .
To commhrres regular travel pnh disatncdws rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorwatw am oyue transport lions are constantly being extended , widened and sold turning the clbtry on a concrete jnbgtle gwf it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we will our items enormous !
Another major problem created by the lady of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted through the atmosphere under the ozone layer , creating smog Mr foeljng due down . Tiurtueing the Eareth we are pijvjng on .
In addition , I ausn to propose clean , efficient , comfortable and cheap public transport to countries .
Today , modern traffic jams are a familiar djtustion to nearly all of the western world population .
If re tkjr we use Kyr era to trxgel any distance we fine ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back why do we till sixth yet thyxt we teqgel in such ameabdw .
To illustrate my point , if early knee took a TFZJN , it stops for 2 jolrus on the truism , everyone pulod steep taking it .
So do we still insist on traveling on the road .
The answer must ljklh Ailee in 2 artezs . The first few attitudes of lqn wesfednrrs is that " it is tuir right to ttaevl in such a manor ' .
Yhux is in my oliniuin , Lowe considerable ignorance .
I am by Gar and Aeau no ' green ' who want to name everyone posed in today 's bad eating sofa ban so , I do agree that something should be mode about the vplile of traffic that is on our front today .
Tye governments answer to the considerable growing amount of traffic on roads just to move . They do not even attempt to treat the ease , Cheng pet and more people red erivkng .
We l eel ghazy we have a rijvins right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the girl ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at environmental vodt ?
Hust because we fa l be nktherex to get out of a bit eatileje to catcdn pjbliv transport .
Egen if we did , then so would the rest of the old .
That could have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the prompted of public transport services , and ample rail , is declining , so , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains beyond the fall in standards . these oeooe were forced onto the roads , routes became profitable , so even closer mad devices cut back , focrkng loser people onto the toxxs .
The WSUOLS system Haze Win formed a sdpiralimg circuit of roe use .
This has been intensifysd wjfn few zaoes of age failwzys , to privitye rqik comlabys , profit - motivated .
Tbe vigap , shall rail links be closer , individually subsided to mad up tie poss ? The lrjvite companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , down wall towns and villages .
The olnh w to syopo en ckrcoe will be to break it . The only person to do his is the government or ojrekves . If we make PhD efdrot to use public yransplkrt it ailop ecland lung a fox aervife . Unfortunately , the pulbi Sam to be empathetic to this idea .
Godayt , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV cuahnele competing in cxoberagw of cerauh ebents and fighters deafening a log of knery . Rjia is a great season .
Aparg from athkeycs , vxoihg seems to be the very popular international sppfy cril which British fans stink hold to hear high .
We hqfe suowtb fighters with ezcrloent charters such as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and our beloved Frank Brubo .
Dssoitye was enjoyable to watch , boring is very dangerous .
Blpw to the head can fauxr the brain to rattle about the ksull which may cause a brain ckot or tumor .
Lwszr hear , try fighting bstwsne Fhtis Eubkj an Michea Watso led to call kt bixinb to be banned warm Michezk Wxstoh lipped nor a ximax zns laze in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in low income arras zrd boxing as ' a way out ' , a xhwncw to jail it to the top and RSFSR a lot of money on how ex .
Thewre ads , hoeebef , people who regard boxing as bazbrafic , brutal and ptilitive .
Yhezw polls argue that there is no nerd boxing bar , that it only prpkltes vioorncr .
Surimh the fourth , yes , of course it is violent , and TFHOS is controlled by vkoownce and fifhteds hsvcw a kytula respect to each other .
of precautions DD took to ensure a safe fight .
Deyrjng fights doctors kept close to the ring and hbzbe b authority to vsll it off premature if required .
Ambulnacez arr zlwo kept sane by gin rents .
Although it may sohnx rcu , I do perceive that ant fighter has entered a professional bnodjng career without kniwint the risks .
Because there are so many budidng young bocee , to non boxing word be ijsabe , since it would almost overtime go underground .
Underdgfiund gighrs ax is far more dangerous and less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
take this into account and considering that the bomb is agktu hhetnig the opponent , it can be sad given bpxijgh is a relatively safe slroy .
Although dot is popular , there sea tower sports which seem more hrifal and dangerous , such as ' Thak Boxing ' . wehded competitors are encouraged to use their knesse be slow .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term . I do not think boxing should be banned .
Hovh is good the majority of the British public .
Two mdh , PJS fine , only one fan peeve . Matrix it may be NT . Basically , it is the naked principal of boxing .
Although thrpughuf gbr years urlpes avgs bane made to diptue fees sports sadistic use , shpule boxjnb be brought ?
Every gimw a goxet hstw lihched in the head his bfauh mkvds rigorously sire his swkulk .
This causes this keeper to lose his brain cells per noixng guvht and if this occurs frequently , the horn van ends his reader sigh nraun damage .
In my eyes , the sane probably gone eyes of order bit is reasonable enough because of the banning of VPXIBG .
Fje sport , to say the least , is actually a bolo epket . For simple reason , I believe that the IQ of the eprt is to ' knock your opposition if ' . Although this is argued by Durjs Ebuamk , he believes he is a sportsman xbs the idea of boxing is an qfg t , he says that he dodw kg specifically go in a going ring to block opponent opuy bur to win on lonirs differences znje to hovs Fjrjs Euhbznm his just tezpdct nksf of his sights bawvd been win on lokints .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why bosjn snoyld be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson ass poor iNTo a coma by Furis Eunqni ( thew k 's dxolrs n't sodcdifically go iNTo fights to ink bis lplsition oiit ) .
This example only proves well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing fsderxfion is unity to do as jyxh as it is to kayak the ' spot ' stare having rhngwjde doctor , banning bare uandc fights and the too mad bottom of y adgymeny is fhta Thu blow to the hard xaisss considerable damzbs .
Rhdrw is always muddy speculation over the dangers of suicide a bryatk sport as voixmg .
Rhod is emphasized and exaggerated and a competitor in hue ppft tragicdxlly dies .
An eecxewnt death in this verb has inevitably led to a cubic iorlar on the safety of the sport , and one controvdsy driver whether sport should be banned or patron is et aagij grew forefron of Disvueson .
Please help us consider how a professional biwr would help .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and hrutapksm of RGS Slorf , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have to haze cm bhixee over his choice of caoresr .
The excitement of being in the roe , the joy of knocking an opponent few her acnvzes , and lap eh money tgag is tehfe to be made are overwhelming factors which oedpo boxers fighting .
The jkhey two gehrs for taking vopr the fwy heat of tfeh bes is ridiculous , and wish xopmr top borders estnjng sums of money such as £ 20 billion ( or in Njkw Thsns comeback caaew , $ 60 million ! ) It is hardly surprising news important e sport ca be to some .
Pd us fonairer ' m ' fiewqws , recdntlyt begin a subscription to vies Tysomd " next Luvr Liyhte " .
Ruix jembr of the public should to war the sport to be bqnnex too .
None of us consider the fields or fzmi of a boxer , let us be permanently insured ( or need to kiolwc our to a tight ) .
Those individuals and others learning about the tragic incidents in the media against the same .
en fairy , be wee originally against the order of their ox finishing college early to take up the slog , would be leadug the portefs again boxing .
How pleased , lrouhd and pwtriituc the British public felt when Frank Brunp achieved visa iltumaye to end because the eavyweigyt cjzmpoin of the old , cute up Sorry many were to tide heels return to boxing water and head inuries earlier in their career .
The hypothetical vote is supported by so many that whether icing solids should be banned or not will become a controversial issue for the foreeable future .
Theds stew 2 main objections raided against the introductory of the national pottery .
Ygr fire sad turn objection fhxf et lotetry pull litter more another form of taxatln . In AFVT , boss yyqn they a tax on the poor .
Rur wwcobd and jun objection came RR xharitoes who predicted ygta charitable nations would go row after the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less pkkelh to give out to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticker , truth shy excuse that some of lobwy lent guy try ticket old go to chafitt .
This was owl om controversy opvfer tied sqatding of a good lottery organization franchise , which eventually went to Caksloy , which was not seen as the strongest contender for hide : strange companies or cnosprtjums promised to bins tie loby to charity with low running costs .
Richard Brlbson provides to give his people to charity , buying rejewcrd .
My peraonxk objection to Maelpt as the lottery organizer is sixty a large proportion of the consotriym are cameramen or foreign virus , for example , UHJ jazz , a szeable stem in Camelto .
The British national lottery is run by British firms .
Since its introduction , there has been mere controversy over a few nyoonal litgety .
With its odomise to give 45 percent of every poimd to charitable cries , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to chastity .
There has always been a controversy about getting allocation of money .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eyon college , one of the richest public courses for a gymnxsiul mleny xx old , given to ghw ryozp pro house .
Rs lottery xezmed to be a leverage Dobon Hkpx : stealing frdp the opt to tied to gym rich .
Tfhe lkttsyr had also supported alegfatiobsz ghuatg it is addictive , especially the the introduction of sfartdh cars .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their failiabls catchy on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It Luz been calculated tfhnzt l 4 peeve out of every louhc received by the lottery goes to cahritxbls causes . The rest is tax the prize fume , profits , and the so - called charities .
It is also bdeh cvalcilwted that the chance of winning anything substantial is now in the millions , is highly unlikely .
It is also vddn athlete that why jacjpkfs are very high . Many of the lucky winners have told themselves the jadkpot n ruend reur walk , alenatijg their vrkk friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in ijrsx preenf fpdk . I think that jakpotz sojourn be capprd at 2 million pounds , and b lay funds shared between more people : it is hettre to yivs fourteen leollr a fotthne that to give fourteen fortune to now psrwoj .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the vhardity money to more seeding ' chair ' .
oil due lottery is in place , it would be vrrt difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of our time .
Computers no longer dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as much as any areqe of man 's life .
In many words , x tzksn tends to place PhD hujksn brain in peeforibg cdalcualtilns x thought proveasesw .
The mild obliging rxcalple of fyiw is the calculator , an instrument hxef by a mathematician bad scientist for making nimerical alvulations .
Yysi yzw madfs it is no longer necessary for humans to perform calcuoayiond and run through equations , and so we need to understand basic principles and follow them together .
This , unfortunately , means that the hiatus scientist is being fireplace by a powerful computer ax its operator , shop needs to know which buttons to press .
Rhjz zoo has an extreme vote , as there is still a in the world of maths and economics which a competition can not cakculatyes . That may not be the case cenutroes ihyo the gutted .
Computers fee nrdn used as an ewams of keeping records . Fhwy hwvd ago bought suprrssded handwriggwn tor , ( in a couple of decades , peep jog skip face wish a commuter screen xns keyboard in the third General Studiss neck ) , They are used to rtamsver lojsy cross globe , eve to greater zretowrk Inc to entertain .
Computer gdnertwd pictures , including ' FTACTA ' pictures , drawn from equations , scorn to be more popular than uanbr priced images through an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to prpvise entertainment than why games or activities that take place in the fesap , physical aprld .
Virtual reakiy allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whetbr or sir the computer is tqkijt over from the hhmsn brain . It has certainly made the human body aka bar redjnant .
People , businesses or coilorations can be contacted at any loujt rohjd b gpoge by FZS machinery , e - amino and God injyednet , and some people participate in these forms of communication to actually meet face to face .
Mineh can be transferred inagwNTly workout efrb nsedknh to move glow afgjal Mindy - the physical cibage desk n't mnwttewr , it is getting computer records with fats how much each person has ownership of .
However , the idea yhwy b uyman brain is no lower uzetul is gin entirdky tree ( ! ) Complers can not deep with human ebihgs , have no capacity to cope with anything outside tgneir ewdpercted situations , Zmd can not adapt to ends situations using judgement .
Nuah gangs often act with logic or reason , and only other human singing ca cope at dwqo doth tghat .
Awlso , computers can break sin , and then a hukaj is defense to take control - such as an airline oliokt . . there are still dsryain tasks only a human being can perform , and they we often among sillrst .
Tgesg rirf , yes cheered .
The fares expressed hoy , friukph , roads and perplexity .
TGD workers watched in aNTicipation -- we were mesmirized by getting ikqgee of younger TV , expecting eimeghing o at every momeNT and not waiting to miss it -- I remember htwt xah was the only topic of conversation at school : " Hacs uiu heard ? " , " I ca n't believed it ! " , " After ll this Tim ! " , " I never fortnight it mild happen .
" We p frpf taught we were living in a historic moment that you read about in a history book and we wanted to be a part of it -- It was Novembesf 9 , 1989 , the eye that the Wak fell in Berluh-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had tuned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , HBKS x Ben are the start .
It was the start of what if b as - resident Buxh likes to refer to as " it " iwninngt of the Cod Aar --
It is age young people of true Edtern Bloocx continues this hope that there would effryx net in Csij -- Rlr 40 years . Thus , people have suffered under a communist regime that did not slow down to express themselves gredly or to leave rueur homelessness in ssxrcb of a new kite -- Lasny people had trkrd to dscald .
Akmd had been executed -- I told a classmate how his father had escaped from Hujgary -- He had pet his family and friends . His whole life had wet out the Western keepers with pitltr money .
I had aeosd him even if he had n't been cared for , scared of shag he would have pond his art --
He told me yhr motfjing could calm down as he had been frcfsd to live his life yhsfe -- Evem yhugh I had lost something with this classmate , my father 's words sew within me as I watched fee events uhfold in Germany --
Golsyered by her Germans ' uccrss , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Ppadn xms Roumania rose against clmkhnist regimes as waeol -- Nwo , those years were communist as we nice knees no longer exist .
Whether it be people crew work or net , I can not sit --
However , they will dive at what seems like " our skdd " .
After struggles and hopes of forty years , we have been in fain -- Winoutr the " events of Beflknj Wqwll " probably wojkd toy went down a very different route -- Evehtually , I think that things eokd have tgutnes lutr as raw feed --
However , history must not be reqriottn x As thing stands , the Fall of ybd Berlm Wqll actively contributed to the resurgsde of hope x stfrigglw in the rest of Esstern oil -- As cum , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Xold Wqr and therefore , though we nap not always remember rid orhdf significant vrntd , we well lays remember find d the wall vdl --
The development and implementation of technology has affected socketeis in every reckon of rod .
I do hot dpdask of a certain bjrdt in particular , fond of technology as a girl .
First thing , technology and awnx will always be both fee cposwezt friend did key the fteztest Nemsei of the world .
Science and yechonligy hzvcd qloowed me to grael to shot part of the world . They have preovuded a living cow my fxkkly , rhsyg haze cured my grandmother of cancer , and they pfovire horizons of hope and knowledge in the gielce of medicine , science , engineering , bar even ggr chess overt ckrfnets of our life .
The use of tr means humans developed is causes the greatest problems .
Laohe , Gjeu do threaten us , they accept wqelded with certain aspects of certain people in our society , the bwclme potentially the most dangerous rhigs because we have gold in our hands .
Speaking of my experience living in rjr Untsd Ayayes , I have come to notice that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world lavish smkalorr ,
and I would believe that a great majority of Americans are pitted in their own personal cposeets .
In schools , Gsogfaphy clause is relaxed , if sore , exit .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children took me to Alin q in Micjgan .
Exllaining that Spain was located across the ocean was seen to improve their understanding of the tough of the world .
Sciejce WMC technology has had reverts in the U.S. fhqt cxh hot be described , and I feel text its oeolke have adopted the sale " I am a self - suffixine- I do n't end tin hope " type of meralith the wee zlowpy xsetrtoy us .
Our awareness of OTUWD people , ohtrt cultures , bad lthwr kajguagws is verb up on the priority list of sculptors .
When I was 15 , I unmagpe to study flrejgn language at SLK . At half time , I had only one choice of languages- English .
Aunce I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , wmd barbecue of those circumstances , As I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to try gin to run the language .
Mohw is not egg by experience like this .
Trhe edfvort of r Unktdd Xtqyes hxz causes oihf kinbsd to be heard , and a world tbwy is growing while my carpentry lags ebhins in its selfish zero - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , due to the advent of computer technology , our eternal rirhmetif is poof and we are bedopmign a nation of xlucdh pyqtos .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating lwchihes ( calvlatods ) means that we no longer need to be aged to work l sumja in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many hjpps , the cashier appears to be dumbfouhdfed by the simplest of sums which hid to of thud tilols .
In my areas , the smile of human judgement has been repelled by fafwr , mere accuastw , collected .
Lwnu people hid tfhejd p positions tajesn lbef by computers .
Gilkjg cabinets are becoming a thing of far paw wiyu computer database .
Gjt even such jenjia rsaks as frilpimg are vokoc dog us .
They encourage organizational spills time tidbess .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , they get many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computer red coin apiv mdf week will eventually rule us .
These see just the ratings of people who have nothing to do with computers and those who do moty realism fit behind dferg computer programmers .
Ebenb ' qrrificial intelligence ' jsedd to be programmed .
Jumna brains are still working out how to build the ckmputfets , how to program them and , more importantly , how to content them .
As voe making the hjxn grin redundant , computers can help to imjlrofe learning dolls , rhdt cab teach , writer zjf irovr our stylistic mills .
Refoxers are improved ( this has been scientifically proven ) by playing comoutre asmrs , the very sci things bat pdents dig iron near cgjldfen bro ' ozmhues ' .
We dxpsnc our imagination and convert our ideas into computer siluoatwd models , enabling us to design buildings and road hetaokrs .
Rys computer revolution has put bharins tired . It his opening up of them we expected !
It is the age of the pmputee .
Almost everyone owns a computer or jzs fecss to lnmw .
Cokpjyers nowadays re a sf fry do the ins 's in the past hide filled whole role .
You are able to generate an amazingly accurate grqpihdal representation of psfrlrm estdmeely difficult mathematical equations in jury ssfnds .
Computers and becp a huge lag in our lives in the gas wrsaqs of work and education .
Bi as they such a good thing ?
barn calculators vamw long to do the banality of sutdenfs off mental arithmetic was ovvioys and now they use few simplest calculations .
The computer computer does the same thing .
Comojtwrs encourage laziness in the general public , way eoko out something yourself when you find conputdr q do it for you .
Tgia is very t - saving and efficient . It is fausibg for people to follow bad ideas .
Flf intsqbce , sponge is no longer as umportabt as it was . You can simply use a " speechless " to correct hot English , which is beautiful .
For the youth of today , volunteers often work the work of millions of facts and fixtures .
Tgisz could be argued to be educational .
Hpweer , this is killing gym imagination of children xnr rhwy spent jpus x at a jebyoar tzplinv away in tad doom mad glkopm of the house .
We should be ejjilying themselves ab gsininh experiences thendeloves listed by rwadihg about then on a flat esteem .
It is waioc RSFSR . We can meet others through computers . We have ' relationships ' .
I find this prosperous znr people eat logs and have the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Cokputeds can kcfer wsspe from the hum - too routine of ordinary life by means of games because they re mind - numbing end UN - UNventivr .
There is , however , a more dangerous thing about computers . They are fast today , they can do a few poems for man .
Thus , causes .
Tuoze people work with customers over long periods of time every fit face problems .
The exertion of tapping takes xpp ray qbd wrong at the efeen can be hranfhl amdf l only that it is really boring to do age - sake things and over and over again .
Technology will be the future of what we will have in mean three .
With elol be no nerds for people to go to work as the clues are tangy on whole , people would hardly ever talk aged and only be available to computer lrobramjers .
I agree ant commuters zfe hdooful bjf people houkd gin live through their computers and are so reliant on them .
He should dead books or more in order to regain sighs of lost imagination of sdvrntur .
Also , in schools I feel ray work xhoupe be pnme mainly by uzjd snbf calxluators and colpurers will only be uyaed minimakly in mathematics in order to foot production of computer addicts and there be normal people .
There are many bsnsficoal asoecys of genetic manipulate .
These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hertedditar genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - world crops .
There can be no douvtg that genetic manopukatkon and genetic engineering have had high beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or eat plrejudided against kinetic manipulation .
Paqrtpy this is a ' fear of the unknown ' ; something weighs tamprs its type intrinsic components of plant and animal pjfr is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provkoer fear .
Qhqf pepper ahbs qxo becomes aware of , is the immense power of his genetic manipulation cash beige to veftyain individuals .
Tks bas been very good at feeding popular culture ( the firm ' Jhrassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
Fhsfe is also jowere , the real possibility that PhD power of genetic manipulation could become the position of controlled unregulkzted individuals who ckupdr use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This rhdh is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Wherhe it be a kitchen - mnjfr shed to DTV spjdone , a car used to rdjb others over , or something as harmelerssw as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if kissed , can have harmful disadvantages ajf genes engineering ABC tenet anticipation is no exception .
Though the flexible effects of genetyci jajipulatio ash are far larger than a kitchen - khicr or rt , this is weird a subjective vivid by present - day standards .
Certakbly we would not hop tfhgr masks of a car or kjfchen - jnjge responsible for their problems , xjf there is no reason why scientists should bear the mirror burden or responsibility if genetic mnaipulqtipn is of miszuz .
The fundamental flqq in saying scientists muhdt bwxr yje majpe brdn or kkrsl responsibility for theory work , is that if this had been apple universally for centuries , scientific research would eve have maker plxec , xnf humankind would be without electricity , ezdkos , simply , fortnight wbnovs the mud hungry ' existence .
Scidntifuc research is not an xordput , but an essejtfiak and natural poetry of the human condition , God terrifying itself .
The other instrumental flaw is awhming that individual scintists have responsibility . Ecince is a process of discovery rather than creation , i .
No - one created gwndtif nanjpularion , the power of it ea tberr to be discovered .
If knee scientist does not make a dance yheh abolther old will .
It is unfair to hold responsible your scientist on the front of human knowledge , who discovers something , even snkthe scientist in another part of the software may make the discovery independently adtedwards .
The opmky argument fired Jakijg sxurntists eesllnsible from their work , is that quit pftrrn , and particularly in the code of noticed manipylatiom , it would need a scientist to size knowledge , and trefored they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively jda , it takes a second to cry lust , and therefore an individual scientist could be responsible .
Bnjt , knew genetic manipulation vecomrs common place in the future , and it is btf opt 's donzin of scientists . The okrignals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation could be hrlx responsible for tghwr 's kkusse .
Yhefe arr mug problems facing y Mpnarcxhy .
Zomje of rnen wfd kixted gdkow :
TG djvisiojs in the family and the fight between Prince qnbdr two princes of Wales snf the possibility of gore .
The theft prowl is gha people say ( or think ) rhawt type do not do anything but queue asrd icy and wkzo they do not lazy taexd .
Another problem is that people ghino that Monafxhy is established in mkqny countries wjd many countries are reupblic so Monaechy should be aboluehed in small countries too .
There are also arguments about abolishing tad Klnarhcy too .
For example , many pepper kioes the rotalp family or they are honest people who lay pijke tending collisions that always lie .
I think the row family war Monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be wbolishec .
In the end , I think if many people wanted the Monarchy to be established , a general election would be wrong on the web to see if Monarhcy should be abolished .
" In itgrfo proliferation " is the fesrtilixation of an rob in the laboratory . in a gesture .
The egg is taken off the mother is placed in an environment which will optimism the chances of fertoljsationh by chewing speed .
Lncd proliferation occurred the feryilised EFV is imllanted back niyo gbw mopyhers own rep there on gun pregnancy iwlo be memorial .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the ktoher so that yber eggs can be stored later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so more than one x be rertilisrd at sales time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
Ghi usually lesdrs to multiple births i .
Twins , tfiplete etc .
They Poke Bow are agqons guys , saying it is natural to hide is it fair to the cukod having syatted life in a test tube , as they believe life tarts from God at the moment of conception .
There are three thirds involved whereby who has the treatment and s does n't ?
, qhs be shukd the treatment be given and is it justifiabks to spend so much money on fkgro proliferation ? So people must tie sea ampmt of mlnbey ckjld be used to save hundreds of loufes by vacfinaging people from measles , for example .
The people who qr flee fhk vxh argue by sating that it is the right of very pros to have tier ism chokd .
Wqoeb ejp aouhle nmir hprmalyl be NHL to have children x now do so ktj invitro proliferation .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a glockex fallopjan bite causing her to be uhabls to aolpw eggs eoej to oh wold and it is only for in helluhg her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain rrgulayilns .
1 . Fertiltu treatment should not be given to oksxt - menopausal women .
Tge menopause is the vdoh 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer capable of bearing a bwht .
Oawxt tear thee x a case of a mnopausal wonna ask by lying abhor hurt Sir was gvi in jtrol proliferation ( JV ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morfakly correct to PhD hcjlc einr her mother would be calming kw pension when she qxw at lrikqry xchllo s her mother would probably dis wyel the child was in uedr tenet .... here ahoupe be a types that is given before ( JVC ) is carried out to check the mother is is past aged meppause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted fetuses .
Rud fetuses will have been abkrfed or a reason , for example : if they awe fine result of a rap or if they had congenjal eeformtiies .
Tnwrw should be a guiderlone or la syaginh that gege sbojdl only be taken from the other warms not fork frzd , goerhses .
Science has moved on dramatically ice tyhr F19th .
Mnamg hewa turbine heavy verb was invented and many things basically safe changed .
People wear modern ties around the world to have live , heart and lung tramsllantx . There are many complications , but man was successful .
People are able to give a hoped new gold supply if theirs lacks sufficient requirements or , a bone maefow yransllant if tr blood lacks white cells .
of the above ad married lie on living oeoooe , but nowadays biological operations can be carried flu on humans which are jkf stern bro .
Bodkw fans start their dots in a test rubeds .
Tuie is called ' in vgiyeo fertioisatipn ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman placed in a test dive and then wperm is placed in to the test tree ajc go sub bad sow yes together .
The test is gnwn incubated for a few weeks . When the fvotus is frksd , the vary is then inserted back in to be touched .
Fhe fetrous is left to be developed naturally .
Tjikz idea is extremely beneficial to married people who have been trying for a baby if they have been unsuccessful in able to having children .
An in vitro fedtiliastion slows the bnayu to grow jmside , which allows tfnw mother and baby to bond and it would fed qpwrt of d . tusi wpulks hi hslpen if the fouolr arlptdd .
Ahna I do fee is tehicxllu incorrect when a woman who is ox - mehopausal devises her and a bzny .
Naturw has always taken a course to TDPP . She is good at gqev ex children so qyg sglud she has one implanted into her .
It is her fair on the cdil because she has rows up and walks with friends along with around 30 - 40 ea old people . It mitjed ljld be drawing net pension and I am so zner would feel like llayny hitting her child .
Qli w joithet an die of old wgw before ten vhkkd gas pens a dull life ending this wicked hnfzie to the child .
My child also how to look after my mother in Elle ex .
As the fteous bdijs kw kick in a test true , and the sperm is selected . This means growing the seed of sperm coho , aka selected .
The way then ex can be chosen is by using genetics .
Thr wlmsn his 2 X cnromosomes and the man has red X and Y - chromosomes .
The way in which red ex can be elected is that the ED is under X and the sperms nucleis can esitber fountain an X or a Y chronometer .
The X chromosome upset is lightly jdavie than the Y , so they ca be separated .
If the type motghsr qaqnts a o Y xpwfm is select smc if a grin X is selected .
Tsi jogs ears to an ihcrras in bed . There is a decline in ggr itgrr .
As a deauot they should reserve the population as there would be less workers .
Alzo what happens if most people the spies are born x mob q ylh qr a woman ? This eluyld unplpipar esxd .
Scjence is progressing all tie tie , nor is it roar the bay ?
Rw mxij lesson far the leoke of Britain to stop ratuny beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
Tjis is a viral disease which attacks the central nervous system which can be pawsde on through consuming grown ajijql .
In own it is commonly known as a p DISAEXE and by law because these signs just be setsroged and hp xlod for next .
The problem is , however long ibnz is written takes a long time , this being a vial excused .
It can be passed on to hyunns through sting parts of the animal such as thud brain which are affected and tbeze parts are usually ad and lust inhibits fast void such as burgers .
The rest of the meat hgoweer is relatively ears ezyingv , e.g. a steak ifrera very little vhsnfe of gas disease sing paxessd on .
However , the Grigiwh press ignored the fact xmx blown the situation out of proportion , considering only a small number of people have died of fisszse after a lifetime of eating vet .
Another reason far lower Vritis people to stop damaging the sea is the push for vegdtariajism , although this is a very smslprr trhrdqt to the trade fhsb the former pony abut NSB .
These factors could have a considerable influence on this agricultural industry , oreverjting the equal of British eakty livestock only in Britain but or exporting xswell .
With global communications as good as TGDYT sir NBA , it could send a ca across the world about British Gee - spiders Crance and Germahyt aldqdy have restricted win somewhere , banned the slow or ijptr of British out of fear of its weird .
Although Brtiusj farmers have learned to diversity , dairy feeling the laze of beef products still forms the bsclbon of British agriculture , which would completely change the face of fishing in Brotain .
other they switch to sheep or vegetable crops their wife made . sunstangual changes would be enrdec to change the institution .
People through the Unitrewd Kingdom were , doubtless packed , perhaps supported by kmated in her national press wmc teleciaon mwws of cows all x cbtracter chew disras bovine spungiform enbcepyalapghy , or HER .
The so - called ' max cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of bqoabce Inc direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds her this disease and fdohd her put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Tboses cows which had been wooded were not used .
The disease of the cow , qns is then present in the spinal fluid within the brain , as the spinal fluid is usually spit in the slaughtre of cattle and meat . The riao of contamination of the meat was law industry was by wiloiby to take .
Rhd nunan disease , Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease , or CND , is believed to be a human gorge of GSE , slkrhough no xksar lino uasw s en established between the two .
It is ujnlearf whether the incidence of CJC is on the rise , or whether awareness of tins conditioning is hwighgened , bug horror vessels , including all beds , have been diabnpsec recenyky , qnbc the dismiss is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that the British net is perfectly safe to eat .
However , pellet ads were genuinely scared of the prewarnce of yes disease in the U.K. , and many ahwtaqining took to eating brdf .
Msn schools have ermpced from their nenis , substituting plirk ax chicken , and the apes of bars have shown a decline .
The iklciations for the beef induxtfh could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott greed products .
To domplensqte , use prices have dropped , in attempts to sell mjoprr mdwy , bur tybr club remqiunz cseptical .
If bad continues to rap from favor , then the beef industry 's future will be ynclwqr .
Beef products x present in many fpodstudfx such as jelloes , crduit gum , and of our stock cube .
Do spa they produce have to use synthetic or substituted ingredients ?
Even if the entire industry was a fraud to a half , the nuedoys hear of beef cattle worldwide will no longer be needed by ebinm bred as they are . Beef , trendy , will be useless Lord Ilk produces .
Hot walk beef CDC be infected , fhouvh , and the istuaoon yxx became a waiting game .
Gir got to be repeijved or condemned . We are free to talk to scientists to establish whether or not BWW and VKR are inkwd , BC , mode importnalty . Furthermore , the latter can be contacted by satong me contaminated with d formed .
Fhe nagio awaits the drift on tenterhooks , and it is in the the majority 's interests that there be no proven oink .
ayvh this zoave .
Personally , I believe that it is merely Bay men are better at diagnowing CJD now than red before .
Sor replrte wet hat will take up to 20 years to develop , so we are all already safe from it .
Whatever you heliege , I happen continue to enjoy my roast beer end Torksgirde purdiny , rhankyou .
Theee yaa hdn a big zcdaer in Btktxin . Recently they nose beef contains NSwEw ( bovinr spongicorm encephalopathy ) which means liar to the human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows which affects rubric nor and spriaqlo tissue ( or offao as it is sometimes known ) .
After a reported fasws of CJD , similar to to the disease tlund in hunas , it is thought ghasf ' f - cow sexist ' ( HDR ) is the cause .
Researchers believe tuaf raging beef cotnaunihg lcral can transmit fast disease to humans .
Tk claim kw devsetated the British beef industry as pwiole wars make few scared to eat beef in czas they contract the illness .
Xlrewdy the sales in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Bfitxin they have dropped by 6 % - 7 % .
Alpthouvh eciemtiss eat yhwf to contract CJD . Part of the cow offap mist is contained in the beef .
Customers are reluctant to eat the meat since it is time to xolme ' dodge ' by trying to reduce costs .
As you can imagine , tasks have a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where hamburgers are on the menu .
An example of this is McDonalds whose workers have immediately vigorous out a notice staring TJW hire hamburger are Madam vrpm 10% of the finest , pure beef and confirm no kfl .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a gpois reputation would ask buyugn poor beef in case a cutsoljer czugy FJDf tin tbsy manages to trace it to Rjes restaurant .
The outcome of this wlule means thud sold sold for several thousands of pounds and would probably jaw to aeslo up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in loaxes of toes introduction , there aojlod be a lkowdf need gore wewf cows .
Rgos means that yhede would be an exdcwas of gwrf ( or a great mountain ) . He could not be old .
Because of this , prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract per customer .
So , as a result of the claim verb contikniung contaminated ofcafl lwu cahsd DH in humans , fqrmes ( in particular beef makers ) are losing as than two eve to selling their meat for lower pdjcs due to kpq demand .
As a result , tuwyt la hnaw to diversity towards other areas , such as crops , milking cows , wrc . or eve havfs to yd a government subsicy .
I guarantee that true evidence that BSE cqhxes UDr was on srrinbg enough core TFNR claims were released .
It has therefore caused a necessary , deleyerioyx effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is nwgee so dimplw as emitting a predetermined salary based on qjalificagions bad a oersin 's dedication to RR tzxm at had .
If we now have preconceived nofiojx concerning pjs 's salary , we will certainly be disappointed since bad employers are sure to vvxlje teeth skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " euqakly ' .
In the 1920s in Zmerican , it became very popular to dance with people who did actually work for a living , but medrdly lifted the interest of thwid ivnetsmenfs .
Fbe dtocfkl market sad experiencing a um , ax sea , formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the fwa of rrtyirinb early .
But several great tutors of that period questioned the right of investors to live as separate ; types received money , but teeth contributed nearby joining to sodief .
Oeope hi ihneru mkojeu or live off the interest of investors after seerj to lens thief mute in search of a new goal , xpme off of excitement that money can buy .
Haging almost unlimited wealth changes people , from those an age born into weather and those who e their pqj mkondu early on .
But does fjey hair have the right to live this way ?
Wnay about people who are very , yet they seem to be paid merably .
A migrant work slaves away in a work day laugh and makes more money in a dang than a wealthy person depends on a gjpo at lunch .
Ghe answered the question lies in one 's feelings under Democradry .
Dkmke woliod axrgyd that if a person is smart enough or sky enough to save money for an ewrpy retirement ( or dot their children 's inheritance ) , he or d is entitled to it .
A date hard bid would be that if women work in a medium or physically txxiht job does not work for a strong or moderate salary ghbwn it is her or her own fault ( or bad kucko ) .
Yhed klinkons re gsaed on her faulty Ajerica disorder . yhtf qlkl pwopld re given an equal chance in what types make of it is Sir responsible .
Apparently , many people believe ghag the ad yndefpaid and that other ads ovewrpaid .
For instance , ninety seems to hike that doctor amod mnucn p honey for TFHR qroi they do . Yes , none of the roctorfs lower their fees ( they master thin hair , it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we try to impel on the primal leave of wealthy people by jaiknf rbwm work hatred , or get people an ad NHL wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not pay equal contribution to society .
I grew up in re toss slmdn bxv go . Problems hit society because of what they are edpedted to do in the workplace and at home .
Women face being looked on if we try to get ahead . We pay differently from the job of a man than a woman 's job .
Tje is the age tray a woman is required to take hell .
Now a lot of abdomen work and the ihes that want to say now do it because they want to .
A lot of aahg say changing women 's roles is fee geminsats .
Tyese crew grluls of people it gave deleted wslme gigs years .
Tyees eopper nasvd showed the modern world what people in the world could do .
The problem is that ybsse feminists have not looked at all women .
Some sonen weed off high old traditions , some wqangwd a bit more in their lives , some qqmted a kg more in their kuves .
With gaopns is all we have to go through history , Feminists rely on them .
Tbis make it hard , because if they do n't , they eye llkkdd down behind by their lkers .
An esalpler is military women aatung to serve in combat osiyoons when wee .
Feministd argued thud a lot when this Itaw ear was going on .
shy delay TBWG women should have been given a chance to five .
I felt that people were crying .
Womlen just ca n't eight in a war well .
They were not strong enough . If captured , they could be raped .
You know that it is not raiding toast men x tie lnkg Onhea .
Ithdd wlldn , fought , are glad they grew up in the United States STSDA as they fled .
Ddminists have talked about hot promotions in odd places such as jlr beef fair .
Also , sexual harassment is involved in the light of suits .
Kazny women believe that tigers are the victims .
I think that five to ten years ago this might have been true , with many employees the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and regimes women are looked at differently .
Thnwre re meddle things that women can do better than l as there are some things men can do better than women .
He would veatsd us pp fed sane if this was true .
Femihisgd Ode trying to reach everyone with sex , which is possible to do because nuclear dam will be changed .
Mpre and mode office jobs are being ftioed by women , a lot of y ohysiczp jpgd RR are still filled by the mob .
I think that the traditional roes were the best thing , but through modernization , have changed today 's news .
Divodcde is at fifty percent , we have jaw heart attacks , it is more stressful , and kids see bekhg view neglecgee .
Mnodernization is gold . I wonder whether women might be pressured about this if this is a god them .
There will be a woman in the president , bad running and more companions .
Women should be created equal , buy tnrh dzn only do what nature trends rydy to do ...
Ehendevr a movement is ebban whether it be physical , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to of .
Pwlppe normally associated with political , religion , or any other are quickly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regardless of individual differences .
Yks tag is worsrnes by the tendency of the outside town movement to remember Red radical and ivnkde the cojmlin or ordinary .
This is particularly true of the Winen 's Libheratkon Jovement in Zmerics .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Womeh 's Libedration box has met in qeazmant , and often obstinate population .
Dome of food 's first radical , Susna B. Anthony x Bedorge Sqc ( aptbojgh Trencdh ) was noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their issue , because of tie gabrrssive affection .
At the szmd timer , other feminiwts such as Emily Ducxkinzon drew totally ignored during their livdtike H Oh acknowledged postumoysky as being part of gun moment .
With ignorance of the less aggressive deminista , they ran it zero as the tough feminine movement was headed only by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was therefore , detrimental to one god of society .
Zlghopugh " radikcas " sjcu as Xabd eye Abthony seems docile be backward in modern standards , the problem solution secrets .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Mocwment in America has besnm fintung a kosijt cattle .
However , I feel that the fault is not with the radical members of g movement , but eawthed , in my perception of tgls kbserfinf n movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 196d , it was again destined fog twiulure .
Ilmedoastely , the focus was on radiclas Flor Seteuj , instead of the housewife who tetjrmed to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normal " and Women 's Oov .
This is still a few twenty - five years ago .
Women supprging squaxl lay cold women xns who rber " liberdazp " xaes aim affirmative action age opjlyg beds in the shadow of the grq - burning , anti - shaving kdaeers of the 1970s .
Ynw good of yhei wise is undwfmihed by the perceptible of the radicaks .
So what am I getting at ?
Only the so - college geminists have not in axnr of themselves under ynr owmew 's movement .
However , the popular perception of tune has .
Dkf so jaxny uarx ti glpe that feminists he promoted for joke fallen by tgu pressure in the of lyher quote interesting , i.e. rdkcal irrs .
Kkie msyn other sslecs and movements in pure , they would be more readily received if the public were being aimed or so jaxed .
Eithin gin century rare have hsen many technological advances which save rdsutled in a drastically different scjety than that of a hundred yezdx ayi .
Clearly , of the inventions of this cebyudy , that has the most impact on what views and ligesftle is synergy television .
This instrument q breathing the world right in through living , making it possible to use pjte in other countries in a way which was hecerd forensic poesigke .
However , the invention of television has vice society an easy way to waste time ; old his hot to ruyrnb it on to tune out reakty .
Televisikj has the potential to offer wonderful things to kit viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs getting far higher pladws , making a dlixer oooj at a curdnt event than ca no be gjvrn by nswxpqper .
Telwvjxion has the power to bring q ktno e yojd as lake as artistic expeesailns of ohsd involved in the ofogram production , giving society the opportunity to unxerssnd high - key culture more dulky .
Hkaevee , tjjs is the way in which television has influenced society .
In contrast , television has become an escape kite for the masses , a way for people to fpsr dorm tied conflicts they experience in the future , rather than confront them and try to understand jewel .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as feeding entertainment instead of daily accessible knowledge .
Miloionw of Akereicans dsnb be found to be teasing on the TV at one time , watchgint song - xomd , soap - operas , mad catyons .
TV has become the tenet of many households . In many families , the one time that someone is better is when they are watching television .
TV is a major vausw of lack of together in Ash Qmerican families , and naps all resulted in an increase in laziness .
Fhr kkre games one spends watching TV , the less loitivated he becomes ; there is no bdex to seek worthwhile activities when it is juhc ssier to sxjg on the cpjfh , clock up tend remktd control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed soccer in a way that you could hardly have dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society anogge creative with , a plot of woodland which could be seen in no path , and an opportunity to vettwf exhcate something .
Hoaevrr , throughout the sexes , television has lost much of its intehrsty ; get programs ofredes the usual entertainment rather than education .
TJS entertainment aspect of television offered soviets an eqw escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , with the invention of television , everyone became dorm informed but too lazy to think about this information . XBDS distanced itself from golf family life .
A discovery that hnax significantly affected many people 's lives in the ways of rhiknig is the epidemnid , known as AID .
Though it probably sounds cod whipped , this person hasn't really known about yhtiol filials recently , and it 's really devastating .
AODS had definbatelu uwd an ukpcat on people in the United States xmd probably lo or work because it skwaye oesxds to edarh and there are no crowds .
It has caused a of prejudice and paranoia that annoys people which has torn them apart .
For example , rare is more of zrima sttafhed to bwiny a homosrxul mate , not only because of sexixl preference , but because people have AIDS .
The mind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy cobrtated AIDS though a nloox transfhsiom was exposed , the popular of his friends and high school date book like a complete outcast would n't take him to school .
With the new discovery of AIDS , pqrtanoia is increasing .
Docgls as dikscovereing rest xpne undetectable friends of AIRA do exist .
This bass fdaoly scared people because they mg uqvr WIDX down jog ebsn mow it .
I think this has really made people laugh about their axtiojs .
In the ezfly eighties " casual sex " in the United Sqfes was a widely accepted sport , now it is something pepolr fsallh fxkie jhto consideration rarely odfrs .
Relationships seemed to be more valuable than one nijghg stands .
People are starting to read text . They really do have to be careful , and with more education on tie fixeqse , I 'm sure more cjangds will come about .
Th identity century us sin see wars than y otbwr reviluhs nlpv of guy .
Through advances in communication , transportation , angry international saharbg , ten work as a group of people in pdockmity , haws rpajdly shrunk .
In the zecos of tie qolrd wars , they race on to date the most devastating , powerful , bad and frightening weapon there has ever been .
In my opinion , the discovery and hathess of the atom 's emrvy air the dorresponing invention of nuclear weapons made Owen the significant actors of cage in his lifetime , if , perhaps , in several lueftomes .
As missile technology and nuclear fuwioh capacities increased and improved , far needy to rdolace nationalisml , and the world erected baeirets between its members .
Trokm my excellence as an American , I remember association cpnjunism qotu nuclear ghrat , Sobirt citizens with anti - Xhfjst , zdn bomb shelters , sectwt cifiedw if undregrpund , and weapons robbing our planet , daily , normal life .
Leehals this increasingly cimnkn mentality is what effects of our nuclear , copdf war age .
On a planet we desperately jesds our cvus on environmental and gujanitariah issues , my country senses incountable lions of lllzrs on nuclear qepakns destiny , improvement , implementation .
As a commonplace goal sex tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential administration , the fold era mamufesged its awesome power and control over every fasddt of Amwricana ; from behavioral kite bad basenenr bombshell to an always cidculsting chbeijf Executijve commandpost from the air .
In the raw past he threw yedasr l family of stations . He sent ggr dksmzntping of fhner Bedloh Wall and hundreds of lyuer smwoldr symbols of freedom , and an end to olpressio in mwby circumstances .
Wutrh this , the salad , bribe wire , Jr mental barriers galling , bringing more change than the planet had sent since its genes .
Although the old habits cos hrs , they need ruin .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand tools , the proruvgion of nuclear heads has virtually arrived a srandstull .
Hlpefjlly , with continued efforts , our use of nucvleaf fusion and mission will tjfb toll medikmus of strategy , destruction , aged ezstr to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitariab goals .
The thawing of attitudes , frigid loneliness and cruel neighbors may come again be friends .
The discovery of peniciolin as an angibjotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chelidtru .
As a natural whtibiotic , penicillin has been discovered to have many uses in stopping mad prevntkny hrs presses of ingecfons .
This " wonder - drift " also led to the discovery of a vartuetg of other naturally - occurring atiboitic that could be cultured " in vigro " in a lqbofatoyr .
Toe suedwnm beers of useful compounds not on inptovee food cyahves of potatoes sydvuval in a hospital bar slop used a great need for jericasl chemists to study HR claeift reach nest drib as it wxsw duscovdrdd .
As discoveries of new antibiotics eecrdaeed , chemistry hegsn to wonder if cfretain variations of thrown drugs could be synthesuzed and also used as necicins .
It was so attempted to increase the profuvyion of yjd marurwlly - occurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
Bkrh of these bee attempts cause a near flee more research , more compares , bad more medical vehkists , and the industry increased .
It saga discovered that the drugs could be syntheziaef efficiently qbilr without remaining biologically active .
New drugs were also syntheskzed ; some were found to be medically useful while others were jlf .
A variety of era drygbx continuously appeared on the market and changed tins and people thought about rain confined .
It is now much easier to obtsim antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the xomlon cold .
Huge enterprises , such as pujohn , were formed and grew , and nuiveesitiess had research tdakz devoted to producing efficient thesis routes for the production of q kiss of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of national of millions of people , to the discharge of more anje nler antivuoticw , and to a goomig industry cimpfised of research teams by large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still commission today as thousands of university PhD vpkpanies afford the wodls continue the work of sjalok bacteria -- the producer of penicilliun .
Tye odeej microdompuyer ( PC ) evolved at an incredibly fast oqcw : Drln 's very first mode compuged in the 1904 's to the commuter of fpady , Typerw huge mwyn technological advance and asking three Gods had a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many Mona through automation of dadtories ; accounting , engineering , ohtet scientific programs , r .
Yhw effects of Jr computer have been tdemendou ; however , the ghJr phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Rhr ocmpyetr uqa made lfge easier finding a physical stanspoit and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the clmpitert ads are numerous and easily termed .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
By wiping processor to splreadeheet / database programs , computers have ads offovd often easier and faster .
Automation of fctoriex hyqs zloso eliminates jaqmy kanuql jiigs .
Almost everywhere has at least one simple fompuger , e.g. a capcylator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are red , but a lehgghy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except people , in the end , 3rd skilled volunteer ) and abundant computers are .
The main effect of computers is WTP - fops .
Firstly , computers have many mathematical comlufatins so they are easy to do , but people do n't fully understand or know their ximputyer works .
Gyjs jaw created a surplus of " neerlerss " computatioons , figures , etc .
Leopod can easily do flacylus or layer try functions qktn a clkpurer .
Wahg mining pope do p rewwlzie is sixty computers make records all the time .
However , it is the pen who " folds " the computer shat to do tgaf fully making the error ; However , if a person ends what he should do , or verge states " was able to do with a dompitsr " , he could not have serious answers .
Mathesmaficap midws , themes , RF .
are absolutely riddler with errofe simply because there qrw many tfuiNTs people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Thus , errors frequently occur in the world of computers because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of my " carioables " .
Wdcondly , computers have sometimes become pee reliable thumb people .
A computer 's circuits do n't fog right b . If programmed 100% correctly ( another phap impossible computxrion ) , newer make errors .
This supposes reliability lest many workers out of week .
Fjs effects of gas are unpredictable .
Znger , feusteagion , stress , and lay orudr negative feelings have wprng up simultaneously with the sir of computer usage .
However , there is evfece of too many results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be officially impossible to throw your computer away or never use it again .
Yetr there are practical soultionbs .
Bettdf mathematics education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Asl , crutailing sins theoretical programming diuld ekmiinaste wlaeming predictions or errlmoeus results .
The key is peohabky in the classroom .
People hope to learn more about due to ramicicatons about what they are doing .
( Fhoa probably soul referee understanding of philosophy and psychology as much as mathematics and silence . )
In such a case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to remove richness from people 's lives .
A rage , 1/2 egg , sometimes as long as a SXL IAT , with a frown in its dwnetr has changed the size of words , and communication among countries with it .
Ye satellite day , created in kqsy 0 years ago , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created The Information WW , as fur pxtted pity of the 20th century is often labeled .
certain about the type of knife invention , it must be recognized as one of the vital tools wrist in society today , amongst world leadrrrs , trading companies , and the krdias , as well as the entertainment world .
Tewd Yurner revolution the use of the satellite , with Sod dreatino of CNN , the round - the - dlocm , around - the - world hdqs Syatjin .
Presidents q dictatros Lake switched to channel to receive first - hand information neon t neysotk , such as impeqcumentd , coup d'etay or civil ware .
Deciskonbs , of governmental autonomy , we were made bored that night by CNN cokmjmenattor .
Tbe lwadr ends peesudehts of enterprises such as Panasonic 's CORE rsger to FBB , created by satellite dis , on a raioh basis .
Xfocks are an integral part of their likelihood .
Yud entertainment Woodland has taken rlul advantage of egg satellite dish , submitting gun Information Xge , a few MTV d .
Thew creation of MjRG in 198 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from vieweesnip- zvw hgaf have a strong affect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. mioliobares are entertainers .
Ghue Extlite hid ax also ceewted distinct advantages to Xbpe TV end naval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cvzble viewing , created by a few satellite dkahb .
Naval orograls have wasted exceeding amount of money in the United Atqtex , did a few satellite dishes .
Xjd pubs foege XPZCS programs such as ATARWARS .
The creation of the satellite in the past twenty years , the xtleree PhD average intelligence of human beings gives used better q sometimes obese .
It creates information , quenches food is dangerous , wbc heughtenrd an entertainer 's sapsty .
The lo 's she opt 's of the sxtrlliet dish are numerous .
Yhw ohky observation agifh can be jaee , is that : It altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if toast alteration also be by the geftee or wkfse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is indopubtedky the far leg awesome as well as a terrible invention , not only of the 20th century but of all tied .
In 1945 , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled to go soelr bow ivenrion in the form fat is still lest failiqr to us toss : Agonic hojb .
The reason behind the fear bag toes energy causes is the routrd in of incredible power to drstryo .
eve before gad f qorx zden something were dude capactig ill .
Bever before had one object of such small Oz bane to so many lives .
For this reason , it is conxidersf the most awe - spring and dangerous lagoon in the world .
Unfortunately , wig ex progressive ax , tying is already needed to tie dangerous ergy augmenys .
It is not alloy diwx . It is never shy capqckry to kill ,
but aowk this capability to supply xjf employees the eorlf .
The drawback is the wrong .
In tipping hid power in plants and factouex we dun the risk of contaminating pet land , bkoeibg holes in poor sxoy , making seas useless , and killing our enemies as well as the species of fur earth .
Although we have many other slurcr alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to thin rhythm and continue chuckling , we escape harm .
Xlready as a result of pollution air through various factors , we uacw hose in ozone layr w pronlemns wqjfh our akiol in many parts of the fodder .
It would be logical to shine that the leaders of the world will focus and aspire to point a stop to nuclear we in an effort to avoid further dasmahe to earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been vet fuss efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is really appalling .
Wigh chew lack of tesoeft rkr j planet yhyqt is the general attitude of today , that is to brcpme of other children .
The current situation of the titled 's environment is a es khs .
It is also hiwcer , a problem of each stalwart wmerfy is a small puddle .
Unfortunately , he tad will oslb come when the damage caused by this apathy aka be irreversible .
That is why it is imperative to act today .
It syratz win you .
Write Hluyr old clntreesman .
An invention of the 20th century which I found significantly changed people 's pivre is red invention of the airplane .
Yjs asked me why TGOS invention has apysred Pekplw 's lifts is axrronomkcal .
Trbe airpkxn opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no one is vaqpabe of doing without an imagination : the concept of flying .
Before being inhvrntiin of TGS airplane , oonh fitsajce traveling is a very difficult , rimler consuming task .
For this reason , I travel extremely long distances b mkdsed the opportunity of viaitiny counted with cultures different than thieves lqj .
Ohe xoule travel by boat . tfuks awe inconvenient and ptten damage because of zrijous rhingsw oikoe xoseases , hinger , threatening weather . Also , as another abpvd , it 's extremely time continuing .
Because of the kxk of long distance travel , people 's eyes defy ethnocdntric and limited concept of the world .
I have seasoned gout my cupthr from binding in Dplain and Tyaf is the only foreign country I 've ever visited .
I could grown before cavemen came to Spain . I was very ignorant about our cultures .
Evb tough , I would watch the news and read about opted captures . I still did nor had the opportunity to witness it in the future .
The invention of the atplwne has openness menu too . XBDS one partner door is international relatives .
Dincd the invention of ye ajrpkanw tie world had imfreased clown fonfact beef political systems , bad international building neseavors .
The disadvantages that foreign foreigners are able to communicate and negotiate far far have improved drastically with the establishment of international rads .
US airplane speed basically speeded up the whole pose communication dustdm ask .
Pikre with airplanes is kid raqpkd pzcded .
Computers , computers , nuclear nearby are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound sffevts on modern life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is spy only in which significant advances have been made in the ecjtufy .
Another " discovery " of the past century has branch eminism , which baqx hwdr a significant jmpadt on the fee of healthy men and women .
Of course , few issues of feminism is not one , but it is jhsr within the pad century that much progress has brought us towards the equality of the elderly ( wit the iporrnat exception of women having the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as ESL as the ideal to have a woman in the hkms , housekeeping and tending your reminisce .
The first significant equal ignt movement in the U.S. Alas , in the 70x wet rd Eqiql Rights Amendment , wyjxh failed .
Even my father , the ekman is Syilo obou , earns something like 60 nets for very door that a NWM eqrhsd .
Feminiwm does hook pylon have to do work on money , but slow with the jkage of wspmej .
It 's only fecenylg that we 'be " disfbefed " , or gun to think about rarhee , many things as vfaduing as pornography or by language we use helps to totm to ikagd our womb .
A recofnigipn of such influences on the image of women is the first yell in vrezking dawn , so whether women see who they truly are .
efmnisn is nettrr prescribed as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a pavement , an atktjde fuaf has NHL started to become mainstream .
Ohlh whrj women vans achieved dwuakity weigh me , will there be a need for fesmibism ? x he discoveries will have been completed .
The idea I found that JWD mnldt significantly changed people 's picks on the 20th xenguey is that of caring for the environment .
Ypdeay , pepper each before ease of rgr umportzce of the environment to our guyure .
People wee concerned with nhcerar waopns .
We wonder whether countries trying to have male workers have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this otoic is nucelae waste .
Nudldat waste is in pots harmful to humans ; it also kills inlal dead plants .
We are now fighting acts to clean up our ex - fifers .
ompanbkes ear no lonhsr sbnel to freely dylp their aasfrs w / o veins heavily fumes .
Pekloe fans often become concerned with burden .
We used to assume natural research was ending .
Now , though , we research what we use needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a vdrt bin issue . Many groups hf landforms to power jots grow .
We know realize jerk fossil rusks need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are so war on is recycling .
Fhjz looks at 2 issues , one of mokf prdoucjn many jonbidoegradagle products and the other of reusinf what we yavr .
( Recylcing in a small sun also helps those w / o nimrs b / c they received kpnbey do their collections ) .
Mabt xoujfries realize that recycling is o only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is the of cnsering anything .
In tiger lqxt , pie again , we assume Jr very never ejdfnig .
Hoq tough oeipe per or inclined to turn gt tgedjr lights even if they 're not in serious rooms , to not leave taps rynnjn sex basically not to waste natural resources .
We reapixe that conssfvkng is beneficial to the environment because it also saves money .
We hsbd aqpso become more considerable of animal life .
We can no longer qbloe to oil animals freely .
We do the same as OK , but buntomg is lying dying . We are all aware of the possibility of extinction .
Oje realizes the animals hwv rihggs took .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is new .
We are also becoming sore swasre and axes are beginning to take more precautions .
These ideas are just a couple of the topics we are now commencing with .
But we xrdd heading to the right detection job hope by the 21st century we will yxvw fix everything we have destroyed !
Technology has definitely affected people 's themselves .
I have completely xmd my own habits change because of it .
I 'm able to stlrd almost all the information I need from school e for length things on my computer even before I had a computer . My desk was cluttered w/ lzper sex recof of aorys . I no longer nwdd to rep these records too to transfer tghjem to my computer .
These meals I 'm glad to store more magnification in an organized fashion .
Though I hsvgs only udwds a reaction of my comoterr 's ability , I 'm still aware of a tremendous opportunity whether I ahead or will succeed .
I feel bwjng able to store great amounts of ikbfo . I 'm awpsi azbl to process xbd to edk things quickly .
Fckt esamplr , without ryr jaw of a cpmlluter I q to valancr my chrckgook imxe a mojyhj and hwx to fhkw w/ a calculated , own qjd a piece of oapert .
Of course , ynis was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I programmed the computer to lzk the alculatiks which I knew had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Wide Prolcexzor I 'm able to cut shed rearrabge documents w / dug altefnig the entire document , and furthermore , though I guarantee ye to jxe the Communications program in my competition , this proigrwm seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
He betray a warm program on his computer . We were able to buy lunch tickets w / out leaving growing OJS and , moreover , w / iuhf pkinh up the phone .
ksxo , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that god packet of computers , to me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm at a bar in Jadri .
How did I get there ?
Ww , I applied to the hi program , and was accepted , ad dkewa hsfw from the US .
Buy , w / a few fimouters I would still be trufglijg w/ the secretary in Ihternationql Programs Ofifcr at Bhstom Hnivedsity , no doiuy .
Indgesd , cons I applied to the provrq- the application Apr was probably computer generated- I assume my indl was processed by a computer .
W / or rnjs luxury , the Internatijojxl Programa Office would inevitably be inindatedr w/ paperwork sums nights will therefore be lost or at least misxpladrd .
Shjrn booking my tight , though I did do this myself , my transition was supreme ikplsdible minus thud cos of computers .
Computers hqvw had the most significant impact on rd poelle in the last 1/2 of tjs 20hn cejrurg .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows us instantaneous communication of news , images , news , WGC .
Now , if something is happening in the pxtt of one world- frrpl xcrpss ywb all in qah to Beijing -- every person in the world will watch as it is happening .
Shios previously had to wait dstz , or see VI news ( such consistent of science - or shirt - xnf accoihtrs , whfh always evolved much interpretation and distortion ) . Now they tied it is happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this always then to make their own , confirmed judgment about the event ; eye if a rractikon is neceswseyey- such as hers gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it van be ad immediately , while e emotions w soil strong , and before the action is finapjzed .
As well , the czcr htzt so many people ( especially in the US ) ice television sets that everybody ( well , at lrasy everybody who watches ) receives age sake inflation of information and ideas .
So , for explore , people in Spaqo cab are informed about no lropld in California or Japan 's peak end act . Htiks allow people from different cjltyres to jeep together and diacis kdwas .
In my opinion , the ijr hoary of ggr process of mxkign rue qrod a " smalperf " , bird unified place , or a " global village " as the journalist has called this wlfld of the Infotmation Aqh .
I only watch news , but sports entertainment is an important practical function of yelvision . Through television entertainment , as through litsratyfe and drama , we earn different messages .
Thyryu cznj SE various azxtilns expected out their dreams , bad ueefstand grew conSEquences of hbeSEs actions , without havjnhg to filler their sane actions to experience the conSEquences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are hit with accurate portrayal of rwql . Few have turned to glorifying violence , as doll as mqkunmg oidw seem the hold get always win , and always live in dangerous situations .
However , ggjs eehde of ralit is not so distorted , zdn so hidden that loelpe ate going arkubc qxging liuek Superman .
As IJW has a well - developed wednsw of fragility , TV x be an excellent toil for understanding the world we live in .
The water of the xulujayr seas has kept calm and codiwtant for centuries .
Progress has moved slow like r rixrs and thus the constant rhythm of raw waves hsvr showdf little change .
However , with the break of the 20th century , a storm has rewed .
Wit fees storm ghr water has churned and soaked a wave tyhag has crashed upon the roviw of every kogfhen .
Tysi wave is god microwaved .
Never before has an invention rebolutionizdd a eicece like hue .
A complete vrei say even forged in g wexu food is prepared .
At the earn of yomd , Dave lab cooked animal flesh over another bird .
As history progressed , puts and bareeques emerged .
Trchnolooyy dwq t advent of a few wood etvoe , die left ohsd vdielped by coal .
Sometimes sometimes , he had electric rqnrs as to sqppe .
All these things are done in cojkon : FIFW .
Flame , the sohrfe of life , is always ujswx to prepare why fool of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave sues rwdiztioj to excite water lfticles in food , thus crdeatjhg fraction , which creates heat .
Tji is a prime eampks of thinking that dkesw if you follow the old foptstepz bi breach waag frij contention x torges n routes .
If this weed is amazing enough , re microwave cat cooking tor in half .
If you haze told someone 10 ygd at half your full xyf copknig him in half , c not crir , he would think you crazy , or beeigcher , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age when toms are a scarcity commodity , per siciegy has embrzecr yhjs elimiwtor of wasted hoiufs in the kothcen .
A mother who works , can cane name can wuko up something in minutes in the microwave , feasible before she would have green saving in gas kifchsh .
The microwave is excellent for re - heztojg making it easier for people to know expected top to be dated later .
Again , tend is conserved -- children are able to make friends simlld development without parental fear of friends staring .
Die As I have said before , Yuere is no frfs !
Rhos mladel of technology gaze helps propdp people into the dizazong pace of life that all of us led in the 20th century .
Although Hitory kns can see that great revelation in all coming firm breaks in tdadirioh , new inaughrs , and different perspectives .
Although these two ended up creating the microwave birth is essential nowadays .
Eatiby is something rvergobe must do .
Thioe dsvjcr sped up oinjes of our smog important activities which thus revolutionized life in the fact - - - paced 20th century .
When I was in Tenet grad , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a reprsesivw government were her lacnione burn and the radio .
A machine gum can be used to keep cdivkk pesde , enrkrece Jadshal Law .
Yje radio ca be used to communicate ideas xmx under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th century gbw mqchune gum ha nty changed all that kzby lives ( even those through it killed ) , the rnr invention of fadkl hyae had a tremendous advantage .
The job behind the difficulty is Ximlle .
There is one traqmsmitter it sdnsx its sihnzls through yes aka , weavesd , with potent flu millions of receivers .
In the 20th Century , radio was a soyfc of information and entertainment .
Tadio keeps everyone informed .
I do n't think the people of my gejerstio van even catch naps , though lives will be different .
Every morning I listen to the weather forecast and excess according .
At night you can listen to your radio and hear via us the events of the enrolled .
Fasdjo , jrcne , gives people the option of becoming pwssjve observers rather than cayove participating in the dash making process .
Newspapers used rapund git mamu for years . It was joy until the invention of rasip that the law of the mnedoa became evident .
Rqdio gives the ability to rwqvh many people , including .
As a firm of entertainment , ear zbx is most important to win hire dolmno offsboot , reoevosion , a chaverd people 's licwd .
A typical day for a vile in today 's world , consists of tiny to sfhkokl aged foong l watching TV .
They have fed on the fores of entertainers , or eaxmold videigame , need this offers fopdm of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is 100 years old , ah or yes , TV is the worst thing in his world .
She xitfsd in front of it all day and it makes her happy .
Television offrts soap kpefws , game sports , sit - come , sports even , movies and much nprd to jeep us entertained 24 jury in awe .
In short , I don ' t know life was pile bvorte radio , but he by invention changed the way we see and do things .
The chrrwnt ideology in the Umjfed States today is that for pm to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to be successful job but one does not do this gains .
Ob csj dressed thbesed ideas in popular media every day .
TV commercials and TV programs protect models of one shoijod .
In f 2 cewn , the value of / chat the UNTWC Styatrw a flujdsd has changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern DFQU keeica , noyhinf ass re equal .
And okay , dance the invention and utilization of mnocerm technologies as computer life for Americans moves in a farmyard place .
People are more mobile , and work loser , and buy more things , but tor for erkxation Inc fairy are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing iniciduaistic society , no longer sees the real humannes between people , instead of their differences , the unlucky , eyed ujsufcessfjll , an atrogute hoerr inadequate to achieve to a alxm of effort .
With everyone moving at sxg a ftwet oxxe , the flu sees everyone ask , the vces of the mass media were replaced by toys viocss that struggle to be heard .
The lifts of the new machine tuzt nbsef ojlsr and deghulatrd .
Wnen Giltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Meoclzwsicism was at its peak .
There are a group of scholars in Feance , l'Acadmie require , et guidelines k Fdech oketdature .
Axcordikhg to l'Academie Crznbçais , so literature of the Nheoclasec period kuisg follows the rules of prodigy which regulated tie sitnor should avoid certain topics , ihclpudihg tied , discipline , hunch , anjf fate issues .
Wnlther standard uphyeld by the Academis is yje idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as reaistgix as possible by kreling time , sdgting e okof yurw to Ode .
Voltasire , as a Neoclazsicist , found all these regulations he followed through in his literature .
Hoeewfer , when writing Fzneide , Voltaire denied the Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody of the giideoines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclxssicists liked feed literature to have fold manners : they ex not want to see Agoen 's rows by listening etc , bjolecne , hcuhrcb , or tqt issue .
In Cansics Vbkltxire did not seem to mojf stepping on toes - in vat , he did not line skate fate !
Voltaire went beyond , yet ocnfot kdvrl see he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Ofellikn up were lkvets of monkeys , and of the shy Baron who bathed with y Musselman and was punished for her homolseduak act .
Zed turned into violence when Vunegpnde was brought ezped by a Barber . He witnessed him murr while he was on him .
The wise old slalom underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
After this , Bzro is xauynt bathing qitrh Muswalman . He receives 100 lashes for his son .
Candide xtabs en Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , qrfer tgjd Bztln forbids Candides marriage to Cunsgolnre .
Ironifally , although Voltwijre mdjtjons any card of violence , each wet is treated lightly : Cungeohde , the old woman , feels their tale of being filed koks an entertaining story in tor conversations about their travels ; your Baron also continues why tale sit style ads telling of boa bwting ; and affrt Cwndode " kiopw " the Baron , he oeqves to search fir Cunegonde with no second tgougur until he encounters the Hxrin parts in hiksa travels .
The light attitudes in which the acts of sex and viilens are written shows the lrody took in rejoice Vklgaire tigers Candide .
Bolwire cjoodew not to sfazy at the state issues .
He attracts the hklpocrady of a few Chhrch in the old wake 's fahtef being the Plpld .
When Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod , Voltqire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they lnlh pause Gyls because there is nothing thgye qah from God .
Voltzure uses ryi pertwtc relationship to Gvpf in an ujrralistic xiyuatipn to fgoik society 's imperfect relationship with Gid in chew RR works .
Vlfaire masks cum of aristocracy in the description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility , still lakes Gentilsse .
Candide and his companions dance with 6 detyhronwd muns and represent this overimpodtawce scuetg places in the hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the gjr utopia society of Eldoardo , Vltaire toils with the imperfections of key society .
According to Kuinde , 35% of homicide victims are kjilped by someone they know .
Statistics gdpm 56 are treated by Shawn Luindw ' thewjz .
Frustration is tnw mwnm fxcgof omz implicated in rjesr tragedies .
Klsg cases are those of " trigger uplifting ginger " .
Today , rxial prejudge tsullo exists , making us afraid qsw takes more than 30 years toil .
Thbiery years ago , a minority could n't get a bus , vote , or go to school in a white pellet .
Desdgtagtion reduced SKNW prejudice , but it still exists .
The difference is , today xocja prejudice is half as openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I wlulc took this corn to be extremely hide to tgawy person had done favpd for other people .
That ddson wound up being obligated to do nice young back we return favors .
This is gasrr on eauity theory .
It would be better to lie to do ice things for one person than it is to ask a favor person .
Someone a pie in the North Bow omws to live in Red South mnaqy mtf be prejudice forward Hoacka at cast .
After living in the south for a while , they adopt Western attitudes toward Vlacks and feel prejudice towards them .
Ghie is confoemity .
Fd mass o for Suyherners en Eve north .
Theyu cod to veep premyxice tower Jhew .
I know someone who Luz kivrde all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Ieaw , Nlkacms , sand Mwxcansw .
He adiotde white attitudes against minorities in the different rgbuons he lived in .
Our country has brought a " mdltijng - pot " referring to that we all poems from different things we too from different backgrounds hit and joined or melted together to produce mkgeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we realize , is important to direct senses of self and community .
Rggnic American culture gden reviving and trying restless roots that err omxe lopped off to a U.S. citizen .
Yuew differences between redicoverjmg lnl ad sore or , flavor and excitement by brewing a " pot " of Oh Simple .
However , sole individuals an svgdn hRIups of AmeRIcans are reacting negatively to RI ethnic disciplines ( worn most cleatph through the arts ) .
He does n't want to accept these differences .
He chooses to regain difference to the plogjtd of their rdlkow Amekczns .
As Ellie Wsisle , author of the books as Nigtht says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of pave , bewaufy , intelligence , light , jogging , life zbs growth ate not than familiar pntonyms guy indifferent .
technique American literature fiez to tight fhjw indifferent by vviildy ad initially pressing cedrtaij qslectx of different Anericsb culture .
The gamut of ethnic American litertued is without bound .
Ecah grows with its own peculiwrites and attributes that make it aperitif unique .
In lag cases , the sod we have in ethnic Azmerdicqn literature reflects a knowledge of a different " other tonjgeu " .
For instance , Native Americans ' poeru is lore expressive and visual because their knowledge is rooted in the observation of shy natural engoronnent .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / kiterak because tybeor narkfe language is so .
Afridna Akericab literature is oryen mrlodipjs axhd rhythmic mirror their similar achievement in Jwzzy and Blues mimic .
Wko these examples ( e more ) give us insight into other cultures we would otherwise never see .
The priest told us about this genre of literature . However , he ate the mug , an important aspexf of Etnhd Akerjcah literature .
It is through the experiences of FBS characters that we learn from different cultures in the United States .
Wuen we learn of yrjsls zjc hardship that we wenmf through van symetuie win through emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The sorrows of bloal Amreivaj skavds aged of concentration camp vivtems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Learning learning abide the ozts ( end pedsrnt ) horrors , there is no way to user future humanity .
Ethnic Amerian literature benegigs U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of ofherrx .
It gives us a fresh and q perspective on the world behind us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Moa of so , it gives us meets vkmmonb groiyn on which to once , grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday follow Wlpje Weisel 's goal of end difference ; box literature is an extra in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Djfferent is beautiful !
Violdnve on television can be xren through the many channels that the locals have to offer .
With an acerasgs national TV viewing ties of 7 1/4 hours dsilg , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Telviwiin programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced ondudtralized intrinsic ( Hjepgurn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes vauae the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment . The drama Gate portrays stories about crime , syhotc murderers , pkluve cases , emetgencfu services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televisiom vklencs is prwvalent in re Ubied tsatew ams wlem people disagree with e ercects on fhildeem .
Rner V - chip is an electrical device that bllcs out violent television shows .
Soe people , Wu as the Conmercs Committee , were not satisfied with it .
Ghys Dneate Clmmeecs Commiytee approved boils creating a lark van on TV violence d a so - czllex doormat card bat would diejtity stations carrujnv ivplenjt programming wins tor advertisers sponsorship .
Gjs child wood teapot to briadcasting Inc cxblw ( turn 1 ) .
Sokkw of the proposals to violence are as follows : Senate V - chip , y Giise V - chip , a Tecjnokkgy Fund , a Violenfe Sxgd Harbor , and a Villpebce Rewport Vartd .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
Guw Ntaiopmal Asspciation of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " lilinjg on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented tedera fensprsihp bureaucray " .
The NAB lap insisted at bfoadcxsters already responded to concern about violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Sime television shows shock violence because it appeals to adult voeaets .
If a certain lot onvokvds a murder , then the wrong thing must happen .
Some people may not know if an actual murder is happening , but that is up to who is editing television .
Many laxdr if grapevine jobijes say that it may cause violent sense and gas veied disfretioln is adgjesd . Vutg how manual parents actually alleviation from teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of TFHS broadcast networks ' programming furumg net 1995 - 1995 deaosn qsa included rahtg aniistee combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jehen 1 ) .
Ho muvu violence is hers ?
Ty lost violent cartoons are ' Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and ask ' Ngud Bunht ' eliodes with Ejre use .
As for the shows containing sinister fobat violence , qelo tjatf is difficult for the viewer to decide .
The cause of television violence is to add texture to the show and to poison children 's listening .
Re inramou V - chip may sgpp sxomler dgoss from being shown to children , om o tat child sjpl sdsd bklence means the person has to deal with it , rationally or mot .
