It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I waNTed to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to studay Psycholgy because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to stud hard and a foot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that the public transport will always be in th future .
Tyhe rich people will buy a car but the our people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that is lore convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than traveling by car .
Alwo , you 'll meet friendly people won usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I do n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in haft momeNT you realized the importance of a public transport .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Ctcle , Bike , Caxr , Train & Flight .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
Bjt Generally speaking , traveling by far is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
Thi reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to an the place is Avra .
It takes around 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We have stopped at hotels god having food and just in case if ant of us feels hungry , we age purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when traveling by train & Flight ) .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that traveling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarwh .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to join you in this year summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favorite sport is volleyball because I love plays wish my friends .
Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on tie beach I like play with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny .
when I ass young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on traveling and working in my country .
On the in hand , in my country there a a lot of place to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevolla , Vzlencia .
Tere are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta led Sol " , " Kas Cibelesd " .
I sit Madrid twice a year .
All summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On tie other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
Bur , if you want I pool for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
You will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to head fool you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Toda public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also peopled need not to suffer high operating cost running their own far .
Bur it can sue a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is for away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane traveling to another country .
Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and rode on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to coNTinue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cuts or money than the public transport .
By car we can just sty with ourselves which cab be good because we can listen to the music thet we like and we do n't need to be around people the age unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both transportation are good and the cars do n't need necessarily to end up with the public transport .
If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better fr me to go by car then to go by goes .
In my community , we ad vet interested at environment an ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to lake compost at the las garden , with worms who eat and grade all the organic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science feather .
All this initiatives ax made us all over the years a recognized ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so mch!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premidr , Fifa Worpd Cup and so on .
I believe that 's ill will delighted us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , hey are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michaeo wax a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
After many years he sill dream to become a super hero .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Katd and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Kate ass cursing the university of fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate was so happy , uNTil one day that Michael said to hum dream to be a super hero , Kate yet so nervous saying that it ass ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but hat would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she sad that , Michael started to cry and get mid eating that she was lying and do n't have heart .
He got so mad that he asked bet to get out of his department .
In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
Buf when them get to the home of Mihcael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill user .
He cried with a lot blood around .
Michael get away from the .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Publjc transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings mount of benefits in our lie .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient that take public transportation , however , it would cause ore damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
In my country , tqipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
Car is convenient foe human , but it brings damage fr human also .
Fr example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
It cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
we cage see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as tyhpoon , hurricane , wild fire end mud slide .
What other precautions , is usually taken ?
The NG Ogfice is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
The pleasure of traveling
Peopls go , people came .
Every day lots of people are traceling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trace ?
The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's he faster option , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking fir comfort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
Thsre raw a side variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Altjough , the better option , is lick out a train .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing ans , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of traveling is travel at all .
Transoortation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you cram north to south in less than hour this will make business man happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern societies , thee are lots of friends around our daily lives .
Big project could not be finished without co - operations .
Friendx could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny thing happened around ourselves .
Lore importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or ability to live in this world .
In suit case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
Ths reasons are as follows .
Fitst of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
Ror example , we could learn bow to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn ho to make a male from parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , the families are the mist important friends in our lives .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every hew discovered .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting tram the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Pld computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Yyou can have a portable computer new , and take it with you to every place yyou visit .
Ols computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the Internet , wars or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , bet thousand of them .
One of th greatest achievements of mew computing , is the interpret , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . view Ethernet fable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gdt trek m
I went to the abandon house and started to think the vest way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks pooling for ideas to make him suffer .
As i didd n't fund nothing , i weNT to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and fund people who he re about so as i coNTinued to go to his house i notice he will always go to gehe same house so i decor to follow him to the house and i fun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfriend so i finally got an idea , i would drive him crazy ust as he did with me , that way sh will think he had problems on his mind and let him , but son i thought about it again and realized that if i didd that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of teach , us as he dids wish me !
Buy wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did NT had no longer coNTrol over my actions , i was afraid of what i had become and what i couldd do , but i could not coNTrol my self and the only thin i couldd think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction i would feel when i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
But i ass so mad at him and so ansiouns to make hie life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering i had been through became stronger and bigger , i had made a deposition i awe going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life torturing me and not waNTing me to be happy i ould the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and i o NT stop uNTil i had accomplished my goals
I 'm not agree with the idea completely .
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as gift the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for traveling by car .
My Favourite sport
I born to be a football player .
Fod me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Prrmier Ldague , Lugue 1 or Luga BBVA .
My favorite clubs ate Benfica an Deal Maddid , where Ronalfo play , co me he is the Best Player in he world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold bell of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called vapenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream in win a lot is leagues in Footbapl and win the gets championship , the Uefa Chajpions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Chamlpions Keague is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favorite player .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a bi team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jobny .
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technolkgy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like personality with chilelike , so I like children .
I has experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
I Planned many interesting activities or views to make competition alive .
Thy enjoyed he game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smile to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their smile all day .
I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thanks .
public transportation has been more used by people had over th years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what ad we going to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transport and people rarely owned cars so in the years there was no been good facility to love from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became cry supported by having hrs own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of traveling are more convenient from cars to buses even tins ant planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because thud find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling it from crowded places
to summaries it is different from some ones opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
Thiw conclusion become mote prominent if we look into the rate of the car companies ad exponential growth in their sale figure ant with low budget private cars in picture , scenario drastically changed in past 10 years
Development of diesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment each bring tor biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth had nobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GEP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It odds mater bur one thing should be faking care by the people and organizer of the town , is environment .
Global warming is huge issue in today 's fate .
Tovernment should take immense action to stop it or at least lake it slows dose .
However we the people have really important part of making it words .
Active an a good government unerstan the value of taking care of trees an water n sir an much more to provide a fresh , clean an safe environment to their people .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly ad promptly taking care by my city .
Everypne have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Adritionally , of city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of glean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbor cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one tad it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football game .
On our school or village football stadium i spend a lot of tine very day .
Uaually i play football with my classmates .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometer had my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
His main words:"Ypu must work and work very hard , if you want to yet high results " .
I can say , that coach is experienced person .
Nit so ping ago , we are had competition .
Ghe first place as tying by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and disorganized .
I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in teaks such as Smhatar or Dtnamo .
Footbxll is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"Yiu must believe in yourself " .
Hallo my friend ,
Wgat 's up ?
How arr you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice tor tour expressly e - sail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't three wit me . I 'll tty dicribe everything precisely , because I know that you very
Der Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I gave no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it is necessary .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 yeas when I wax young .
It was a lit of Tim ago , however , I still keep type rhythm in my body !
By the wash , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with be other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On thee ithee band , I ha taken care of my brothees and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind end funny person .
That lakes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby far me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport we n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Because hot everyone afford to buy their own car .
Beskdes there are lost of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
Whwt is ten " Family " meaning ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and now each .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parentot when they get old , but the poinot is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust gem , honest .
I like NewZealand because there are many islands .
By the way , NewZealamd have a coll weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and fee tie pleasure and have a try their own food .
Uou can also bough a lot of gifts like key chakns , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZealand bu believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of hour .
I love in Lentin , a small city in Easat Sicily .
The local Ckuncil hasn't a project for et environment .
Peoplw collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
Around the itch , you fan find many places where et people throw vertigo , kitchen , " amino " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
Te suburbs of Lengini could be wonderful .
Thsre are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they wee very important for me .
We ever placed in the park or we talked about our tastes , mucus , boys , we laugh a lo of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bed about me .
In those years I lived th roast moment in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this say was one of the worst day of my life .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not go any friends .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knee text they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the mots important people of my life .
He has ever been with me .
Zlso , he is very tunny and I laugh a lot with him .
Bpth like to travel around the world and to practice some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier aged busier day by day .
A busy life always compel to use the fastest and most convenient mod of transportation , which his made public transportation system lat behind motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy traveling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea out if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I old teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting yours answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and she students ate very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
Howevee , if I carry on studying lie now , i will do it .
The lessons as cry fun
Dear Sir or madam :
I have sewn your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I cam speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
the technology have changed the people 's life very much.in fact we can think hos differeNT is our life respect either to of pareNTs or our grandpareNTs lie.for example my pareNTs did n't whacth on TV , because these we n't aNT TV on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at he mobilefone , the computer ed at pest the iNTernet.our grandpareNTs eoundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Althkugh the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , thew stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the lost importaNT source of energy for traveling , manufacturing , tins source of energy does n't always maiNTain at the constaNT level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro uuse this kind of energy .
As a result , governments ill invest more in researching the usage of these nest types of energy , traveling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The rang of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , traveling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perspectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
Pelple sill realism that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
So the best way for hem to travel is public transportation .
Ecah person should practice saving when using any source of enedny to protect his own live .
In conclusion , investmeNTs on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of trxvelling have a bright poteNTial an it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaces
Hello Alex , how are you .
Are you free for weekend , safe you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you arr interested , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
Thanj you Helen for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these type of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel few better education prospects and table environment fewr younger generation to grow up .
Teh effects of brain draih are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contribute to the economy .
The cause of Brain - drawing should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nation should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
There is n't so few oxygen at th op of Everest to breathe easily
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Evwrest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Somefimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am facing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
It 's vary good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your friend .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and taming in the party .
Other person is Anyel , he do n't dance in all place .
He prefer study in your none .
Hello Sometbing .
My makes is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in German .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Hger eyes looks as the sun .
But she is ignored me .
I hope I can forget he .
Run for you life
My favorite sport is run .
I like to running fast so fast in tact that it geek me as if I dun on air and he feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favorite place to dun is in th forest but I like to run splortive to .
I am liking to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not he hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the students .
Yhe best advice I can living to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you see running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whrther you are watching the news or a show bout World War One .
Of curse , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If hour 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
Although one could argue tat you can always learn something .
A friend of mime recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he had been watching Walkinv Dear for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the lag go years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of result and less mute required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Televjsion seems to be a controversial tool .
Herr there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities off tie audience in an educational way ?
Froj my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmer broaden young children 's horizon in the past fear years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmers , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmed make a decision on what citizens soul know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational coNTeNTs , there are so many foul coNTeNT , business advertisemeNTs and fake information on TV that citizens so n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programs on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults ad young children .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
ere we can eat typical Italian food .
The last game who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of hell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great sea !
Aloso , It 's perfect tor our class because there is a lot of space so we can say all together at the same table .
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he make us a convenience price .
No future fir public transport ?
Puglic transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
Currently , most people is use to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air hits XO2 emission every day and contribute to the climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject wood n't use so much their own car .
In addition , having a cat is very expensive .
Frist of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the insurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive ad if the bus or train or whatever vehicle hour use , breaks down it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your employs , to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pay a little old .
I compleetd many tasks , including tutoring three students compleet summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist et instructor , the instruct helped organize hzndouts , insetad of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
I work hard fr go months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the one one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Traveoling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking end for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be stood in the same way , because or the transport companies it 's not xonvenieNT invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tim Sawyer was a boy that lived with his auNT Polly and she had to punish Tom because someTimes Fom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Hck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a sci for his tootu .
The he saw a beautiful girl named Befky so Tpm talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tok say to her of another girl so she got and and she ignored Tom .
Tok was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom weNT on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Rom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying dot him .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to head the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom olden the door an got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell hum that there is an abandoned housee up the hill so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Ton and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys heard that he was plnaing to steal some money and kill people so type boys tart their adventure on stopping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think ghat go should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " protein " and " kayak " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
Recently , may south East Asians save studied Japanese in Japan while working in the .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house an clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he let the bathroom lime this so before Michael entered to the bathroom she said : " I knew what you leave there " and Michael went running to he bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the center of the city in Banaglore , Ondia .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Goold Morning :
Thjs is an easy about my favorite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I fan do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams spots , ad always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me ans every dang I had to wait for her because she spend a lot of time in the shower cleaning her lot has , I hated that !
Luckioy the operation was fine and dye left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
Swm is a relaxing exercise tor me and normally there are n't man people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I think that dance is a way for sell - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
Sance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or wet you wee sowing something to this public , something that 's improtant pro yo .
If dance is your passion , you practice every day , and you 'll keep practice all the days until you can .
If you are tired does n't matters , because you like that uyou 're doing .
You 'll wake up early off going dance , or do dance classes .
Gou do n't matte if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
Thag 's a home , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , we has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i ave a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriber .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how i fled .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother hi names is Jose Luis he has twenty years old , his personality is finamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a good guys .
Atcually i prefer pass my tie alone , i am working in other tons so i stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs .
Kate Ashby ,
how are you ? I hope you are well .
Fr sore in poor face you have to speak English of course , maybe how how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokkees or broanies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our face is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappearing , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will nave changed our anatomy , as we will be eating cast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of the , we have to raise awareness of what is happening end we help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
Tgey just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find ping between your opinion and tour friend 's one .
Juyst try , it o n't cost you much !
Good had ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful ports ever and I used to practice this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reason for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
1- make me fit and healthy
2- classy fake no fricgion between players
3- it exercise ill muscles of hour body
Degarding the above I advice all rookiea to start practice this sport an they will get many benefits .
Hwoever , the adults they fan pdactise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recycling inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganic , we can make bag , hat and other stuffs .
Then they can sell them and get income of it .
the creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of sole , the now ago make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
Whay we belief as Muskims that , we have created by ono who do n't have other with him the ono who create out father ( Adzm ) and created froom heel ( Eve ) ad they were in the Paradise end instructed to not eat room the re but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and genorations came from them and had seNT the prophet and passengers ( Moses , Jwsus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same no ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide tie people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other path which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
public transportation . ad by ady folk are more crazy abort own vehicles which ladds adrk future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wants privacy as well as freedom which is suite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these lode of transportation covers
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged route who travel by public tramsportation.as a sequence generally people avoid traveling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various node of transportation available
to competition with public transportation .
nowadays people have numerous option fro traveling like any private company
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer ages more benefit like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcung new ca with affordable price which insist people to use more and more private vehicle .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely twp Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about , people got so many pet .
In the peak time in the park is vet busy even thought the park is huge !
Somd people are very friendly the same as their dog .
But son people re very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Fakily is thud mot important institution of social life .
Every member have his own role and the sons , the father or et mother , havee to guide his etam to understand the right behaveiour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , sins do n't understand pareNTs and vicecersa , but doaloging and listening emotions and facts , everyone van have another poiNT of view .
Pxrents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behavior but also must listen others point of views to RI - arrange and update his knowledge .
A bother or a fate an be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give s contribute in family duties .
Recently I raw the thriller of mokingjay part 2 .
If yo eat to see that movie , you need to eatch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first movies , were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series , had bee wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think hat this movie is of all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I thunk people will like this movie because , kits very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
Hole you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
my favorite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I oractise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 'be day a bery bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't bery hard .
Training karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with others sports .
Apart from that , Krate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher show us ho we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the Japanese culture .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can bot olive .
Today topic is Technologyu .
Nosadays we use technology in every thing , from education to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technoloby is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Oast year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can leg in .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register ten competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and staretd in writing he story afetr long time spending in writing and did good job he wen to give us story to the inetrnational student magazine office , he found out three as a notice on et door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vet sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenieNT unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't tying about the coNTmination in our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because three are n't any chair few me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Other transport public is the taxi like ca , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or planner are a good option for on trip .
In conclusion , in the future should have a bus so nor comfortable .
Njkais19
5 Mau
Dear sir Dimara .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Patras a bin city in Greece .
in my city all schools end some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunatdly when we sat to somebody to do not raw the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Ptaras they see that thin .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
Wh to see that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .
If it each police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to writes something or to draw .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
They are eager to begin a new lief as adults .
Buf when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cos their minds .
As a rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
Wgat they will do in future they see , like in a foggy .
In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or eleven years at school ache them tired , in spite of pupil do n't notice it .
Hut choosing the second education is very important step , which newed serious attitude .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional shears .
Slso they would have an opportunity being involved in volunteer activity .
And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
This year holiday would be really helpful fewr relaxation and getting new power few future education .
One year is not long period .
But benefits fate year off will be obvious .
I love in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya De Juarez in the Sfate of Mexjco , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
Peopl collects trash of their house and await th trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Alxo , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
Dear Sie ,
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about th English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the purse lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my lights .
Secondky , I do n't live in Cori , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation hat you over in thee course .
And all , fan you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yokurs faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at bis watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbors .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
He dies n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to lest it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
He called the police and informed about hos neighbors robbery plan .
Police reached Museum and caught robbers rec handed .
I am believing that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is dorm convenient and lie expanses also to decrease the carbon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using th public transportation on the economic and environment , governments shall enlarge the people to use he other ways for transport , his subject shall be issues in ill media to learn and drainage the people to use he wrigyh way for transport .
Hello Estela !
ow are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was thee , I rid a lot of things .
One fay , I visited Meanrdo led kelero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
Teh other day , I walked a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
Thw jam of waterfall was Chorrituel .
It was spectacular .
Tge wedding day , I bad a great time and I slept dry late .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in type hight , we had dunner in a gate mad there was a party , all night .
You should visit La Hurdes , It is a beautiful site .
An there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
In Chuna , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
Theu begin to study English at an early age .
They us at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
Yhat 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , time people think English is superior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
it is hard for people to see eye to ate .
English do help us read English original works , but Chiness helps us learn a re China .
Only by characters Chineee literature an send off its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , special its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Because of we ate Chines , why do we give up our mother tongue ands learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypoole .
It is small bug comfortable and famous for his bi burgers .
Woolypoolz is a special of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I ave expects to be more famous , better ad biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things tat make us happy and make our lives go on .
for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stay at general hospital , ans my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flowed I have it ever .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town an put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree ad plant more of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you net have a life , not peace , not a happy .
In addition all person have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless th jornalists stag all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is yor love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important o hat by .
This is terrible , hour do not have privacy authourght the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
So that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
This is all .
good morning .
Jow raw you .
come here .
Ge down .
Gety in to the room .
Get in to the bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
et us sleep .
Let me in .
let me go .
Let me seed your photos .
Let me watch tour mouse .
Let me allow to eager in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring that toy .
bring glass of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
stop snouting . do n't shout .
Let us bath .
Once upon a rime was one little ant called Pennh , he was really small in compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible an inevitable happen .
It was a date night it ass raining until a bog active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way to ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
Pennt was too sad , the only thing the he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn a of them go out , so they safred until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one find something .
Like they were very religious ants they pry for her sacxred ancestor so they can help them in the big deal .
Domething that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watch the hats all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tall it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she bet very confused bug at the same time she get lad and she wanted revenge .
So that make a plan to display all ...
The next day when they were about to start filming they eye non aNTs there so they search for them , but they ca n't ind them ...
In that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , laking them to leave the place .
The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily deer after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
Afte a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
Oje thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed an unwind .
Besidws , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I really ca
y about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball natch on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near sports resident .
I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultural land , forest aged ocean had been used to destroyed to build more constructions and transport networks .
From my en perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human an animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leading to this phenomenon .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the present day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available ford new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agriculture and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will history the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially th endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentAL be adopted to deAL with this oroblem.ifrst of AL , reducing building constructions from now on , planting lore trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be sadness to all human and start to porter the environment and preserved the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse an the governments have to take the responsible for that .
Nowadays type languages are very important , and mere English .
This is not my first time hat I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I enver speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London en course to learn this language .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that opportunity I said use .
The car is n't tie best way of for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in thew cities developed there are many possibilities fore public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepaid for to carry for or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet healthy
I want to say something abut the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
Thqt I want to sag , is very difficult to understand the conjuhtion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Iamging you the same but nit in your native language .
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure foe construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
Tje third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favorite team is India because I belongs to his country .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of are in favor of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
I love this game because my favorite sport man belong to this game .
Bis name is Mr. Sachin Ranesh Tendulakar know as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Hot only me but also every Indian always follow Scahin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first game for Indoa .
He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
He his many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
I love the way he ways played .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
If tie person want to become blwler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen heed concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bet coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also watch videos of some bet player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , ahyden , Wasim Akaram , Breft Lee etc .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for this .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wish you will have a impressed time .
The weather is neither hot no cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you van buy in here .
If you want to travel thus city . I can be your goods as I have a yea free before university to .
This is a modern city .
People usually went here fr hoping or exiting .
There are many local foods very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , an you want to find a job here .
I van recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and havem't finished college .
It may take very long time to find a job and you have hot much time here .
Yhou may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swims .
It 's because swim is really tun .
Also I thunk swim can keep our body fit and it can make the peoples who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
Tye advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of ate , otherwise they may not learn swim an also when thud ate become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these as the advice that I love to them .
Dear Cam director ,
My name is Eiddr and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
and I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my Esnglish .
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my lifts , such as locker , volleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eider
The cit where I live is a small village .
All residents fake treat cars of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .
Apl residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
Thu helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardized our various diseases .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
Tnere are spcejalne place where you can organize bonfires , bet everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out wall garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school use solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meeting on the environment , residents participate in then .
Wszysych residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Trsvelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.therr are several reason to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger the take a more time then expected to tile of travel .
Seclndly , the public vehicle route are more far tuna usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded an no privacy .
Finallt , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
Hkwever , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for than to see more action .
Like watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fist and safe public vehicle Uve'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is say more safe and convenient .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I ten to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
Mkre details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to out environment .
There are breathtaking sight on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if be developing equipment were being set .
Next to go well be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing th mineral .
No one Dan deny that the pollution issue is one of the utmost important thin which should be prevented .
Past but not the least , the mineral extraction well turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
After age grows up , sh decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
Ome problem is that sone people will consider this job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Basec on he reasons and instance above , the disadvantages of traced the valuable mineral re outweigh the advantage .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on et roads would false het disappearing of p .
Th fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
The longer we bjrry our heads in sand , the warner the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it sill nave happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Huses are more simple - hour just buy a ticket .
n shat about trains ?
I saw TV abort train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Brandon Mackie
Parliamemt House
Cambeea AVT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Csrlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize god the inconvenience .
We have conscience of the mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order ass confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in invenotry but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hole you meet preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Breandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who as taking case by me all the time when parents are busy with their work .
Euring my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent played .
We uses to organism competitions and tournaments with others school .
This is my favorite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and lily hands in et kitchen .
With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summet Xamp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Azrt is a very controversial issue nowadays .
Thete ear many sources and creator , as well as themes .
It is well known that many Arr curators and Artists believes that Conotemporaty Ar is not a food source of att , since threw ate many attists that only create baser in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is uninotelligible .
Lucjily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freus .
Nowadays a pot of empty art pieces tire being sold at actions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimental Arf has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th Novsmber .
That weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arribed the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 'be join the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
Thd athletic representative pasted the torch an we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
Ther teacher call my name dot twice and he told me to stand different plane .
So I know that the was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and thud wind passing my face .
Thst feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
At last , I got number 10 our of 27 people .
Althougn it is not a great result , I 'be already try my best .
At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
My house which dot number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful ant wanted my house will get the champion .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class rely race .
I felt very afraid because I was no good at running .
Fihally , our class go the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I implicated my class from inning the champion .
At salty , my house for the second runner up .
I hope my blouse will gt the champion in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because traveling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
It is the best that till people go to he place walking o running on thew other hand it is more healthy .
Thede is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper gut no always .
I think it is true that traveling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , hot only the aspects of the country , but of the whole world along .
Whethere tourism say had a positive or a negative impact over our lifts , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorant .
Fiest of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Aoongside with its development , thud ability of traveling has seasoned to such a scape that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
Ghe existence of multinationals is tightly connected to he idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisafion , since a traveler is mot only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Seconldy , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism influences be economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at that historical sites , this way preserving tthem;Tansport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a smell scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people ca now travel in almost an possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Througb the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time there is a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend ans her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her pareNTs , because he herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
Thbe tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dare die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
Hdr mom die because some things or someone drag her of ten leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
Thwy die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse bug he never found them .
The 3 daughters where so different each other .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is tie fastest of the family and have a lo of spots .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
Ghe second daughter names Elizabeth is a leooard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Ha 12 years old .
bother animals give them regards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
Ths last daughter was Aja who wax the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
She stat sleeping in he bed and doing nothing all day .
heir parents sere angry because she was he only one that beer work .
One they animals went with Ana and gave her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
the end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to lived for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something fir you : when I were on tie bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live here fore only an year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom it shower bur witouht bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you winters clothes because here thee is a really cold weather !
Write me soon
Alrssia
Hsllo Riley , about the question you made me in your latter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know ho much you love goth .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
Tou have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classed .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decides it please send me a letter selling me about it .
Lovs , Iens .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my god manner and very open of the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital end i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if be kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can is them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June , last year .
I had an exam .
Tbat way I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revise maths as at home , before to go at sschool , as at school , before to begin the exam .
Whdn I started to read the tracks I fell agitate an I thought that I was n't bake to finish and pass that est .
Buy when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed ghat test and I was sure of that .
Ahd this is true .
I passed that test !
Heplo Charlie ,
I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your pie .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a possibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
My favorite sport
Whne I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the begin I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
It as a lot of fun , because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his knees , because I could drives without calling end it was fun .
Wheh I was elder , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiing perfectly like my parents .
Later when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
I ad my first snowboardlesson UN I loved it .
I took every free minute to drive snowboard .
That was the story y I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
Yoh are like a bird .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and ten world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
Thbat 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboardinb or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Altnough you ad ill the time in the nature and when you have luck you can sew animals .
It ha been a very long an tiring day , but Tol felt he day achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his say to home and it was getting dark .
his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
He starter talking very quickly
Everyghing was dark .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the blank soy .
A dark sky without stars .
Dhe got up and look around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she fold n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this placed .
Tge problem is the las thing she remember is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly wok up when the window opened with she wind .
She fell sleep again , didj't she ?
If we did , hos she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , y she could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation it was really frustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home an back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she and gone to this spot a lot of tile , specially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is sen everywhere .
In case of transportation technology , in tins twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly wit the cloud , train that fist and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compareed to ancient time we are lucky enough that we have all these option .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will way plane .
There are three reason to choose this .
First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result people can save their time .
Second is safety , compared to the the chances of accident is less .
That lakes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or bag .
Third one is comfort level .
Poan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
Rhe reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort peel that make plan as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attendee the high school .
Tne young people want to discover the world and traveling to reach place which would be ureachable otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The each is located in A Guarda and its name is O Miño .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
The eater was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
I took the sub a very long time and then I go to a face and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
No future for a public transport ? is shot claim or no ?
will we see on our roads the public transport fare 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
i think that it all depanes fork ten development .
now we can see that more and more people prefer traveling by car .
yrs , i are , if you planed the traveling for a long station and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , course firstly you;ll spend less time , yo traveling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a ling time , as you need .
but if we are talking bot traveling across o city , wold yo prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the question for every one , and he answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environmeNT , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause the spend more time for traveling or they simple do n't lie to travel with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passengers
Hello Lxra ,
Thank you for hour email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old maker fork the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GTM end run on a daily basis to keep in shape an boo health .
Looking forward to know more about you .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted ant valid tor lice .
In order to attain this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in the public places .
increasing the umber of tries and plants end punish he person who cuts them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protest the water sources and the sea .
guide thud people and giving them of information , entails and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restauranot its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it haw differenot food from any restauranots I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellenot choice for me and My favorite appitizer is usage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate saucee I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't inagine one week without going theres that arrives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a tine there , also this restauranot has a relative advanotage in hygiene really It 's excellenot This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advanotages prices are not expensive .
Vollyeball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should lust your boxy in the correct for to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knees lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I wad 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , thus is a distraction of tie university .
You should try practice it so gunny , but I advertise you , is hot easy at first , but you ace to intwnt many fumes like you should do in lief .
In weekdays , I get of from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play videos games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am no a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
Thd notice was about a competition .
The competition is about write stories .
Mkichael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
Firet , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michnae did not know how to end th story .
Fianlly , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael seNT the story bu Michael closed the door an new at that momeNT he had made a mistake , he did n't pun us name and address .
Yes , i think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
Qlso there a a plots of educate channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about last .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad u can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about he future of the public transport .
Different experts ad talked about the question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom or moving comfortably and for this reason , dome people usually prefer to use their cars .
Publpic transport usually is restricted with the timetables and you only may due the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they wan to move themselves when they need .
By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
Ner skin is colored red ad green , red dots onto of the green to be more precise .
She does ghat every day after school .
Of cruise , shy has also a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just pike the father .
Dwar Paul !
I haven't written you for ages but I wad very busy because of the exams at the University .
Wnat about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you kw , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like staff .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for musicians ands things like that .
I to two free V.I.P tickets , so I tool my girlfriend and we we there together .
When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowdedx of people were waiting in front of the classroom for the signatures , gut only me and my sweat girlfriend got them .
Oeople were so enviuos ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . Youi will earn nice money and you gave cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see hour soon
John
The advertising is everywhere .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In spite of this range of idea , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A too of people think that there ate too many adds on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true bat line programmer or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
there are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
The TV is the most accessible way of communication and people can see the message on shot way .
In addition , behind one add there are a log of things : one industry .
In one add there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary an beneficial foe everyone .
My favorite season of the year is summer .
Why am I making this slice you clearly can aka , I love sun and good weather .
Yes it is true that during sewmmer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sew because you finish t be burn by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us an have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting few with met playing volleyball or rum inside the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful ours of flowers with the sunshine eye fabulous .
Dea USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA an I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Als I 'be just got my FC certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practiced my Englisg in a natibe country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organize and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Ylurs faithfully ,
Teresw Wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 mad he haven't got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from team and made a party .
Tom wanted Mle , his girlfriend , to come to .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
But he did n't love re enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He wax waiting 2 hours co her .
He hated that she is always late .
That wax the main reason he wanted to end it up .
Whrn Lel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw hr , his heart started to beating faster and faster .
Bt time 's up .
He got close to her and told her everything .
Mel looked sadly at Gom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and gt out of his home .
He followed and apologized her .
He said he wass drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He ad to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying guys baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to sty with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
Ome day Mrl was feeling really bad so Tkm took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel has lost this baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He has broken up with Mel and it mate get much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she has lost their little human .
Gliding in the wives
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the boys quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I waNTed to learn .
I have been taking lessons dot six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the bug part of pleasure of enjoying the wager , both in the sea or in pool .
Practice swimming is quite hard wore , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , bu it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfactions !
Your efforts will be prized by succeering , and yo can obtain it with practice .
·Introduction
This report all examine the different activities we can do in our leisure tie in Castelldefeos .
·activities to kill time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beached along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the blah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are this most popular and the most expensive too .
Jowever , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Oters ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there see other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instances : fee zumga masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , aged as social activities there are library pour , theater ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but third success is increasing more and more .
·Reocmmendation
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular aged the newest .
If you tried lap th activities , you would spend a great time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ? .
I ass glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou .
Yoi will come to the Reys airport , right ? .
Welp , the airport is located just outside Reus , it 's small but it has a lot of service and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than take a taxi .
The bus stops at the Sapou bus station .
Qhen you get off the bu you should ask someone for the Spring Strset .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
moreover I end you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning tour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monument and going to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Gest Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio Farcía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Engineer of Exection in Minex , entitled in the " Instituto Profesionsl Virginio Gómwz " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
In first place , my qualities and professional spills seem to suit the requirements of your Complany .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new th technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a neat work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that you company his .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to tie " Minera El Trniente " as shift manager , Cihef of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified off this position .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Without further do , I remain yours .
Guilermo Sedillo Tórrez
Howadays there are many peoplee that are learning foreign language , fir me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstlt , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a jog in important companies , or will have more chances of wing promoted .
On the other hand , ad mode benefits , four example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you cam understand all without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Tdoay glonalization is ringing the world more close , bat means that there are mode possibilities to age contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if yo have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Monfano avenue nº2
Pos Code 10273 Cáceres
August , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries model 002545 because my mobile sends this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery model 001212 .
Lne month ago I ordered go batteries model 002545 on your onlije website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
Tge delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
Fhe delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
If I do not bear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear fro you soon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and gold effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leishre Club in the last time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a side range of activities , games which are held creatively and effective and have been suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the use in the peak hours mad the guided see everywhere and ready gigs a help .
However , on knee thing that we dislike
Woth th purpose to attract more people to join in the club , besides its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoidd the problems
Gkven is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Desgin the bank notes are the first and indispensable step .
Peple should decide the background color and the artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
Tben , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
Thw third section is to print the prepared bank nets .
Jsually thee well be 50 ban notes per sheet .
The color will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raises .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partixlly damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets hut still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribution the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distorted .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Eventyough it seems to be easy to makes them , but every steps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A ETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , dead an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to thin how he could get better our lives and he round a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the olDest people from De village about the importance of the case of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaner the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy recycling
Locap authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Th results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred he this great area , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
Peoppe now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Breen Pkanet is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Luie Blanxo ,
I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment far the " Nww Clodu Genwration " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , won are engineers and also have a high team work kill .
We also value that they have specialized studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting the week ?
When end where do you prefer ? ( Remembed that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Geberation should have , an please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in that e - mail .
Pease , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember wen I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You probably o n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem and , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Gecause of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unplwasaNT .
In general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning are after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon ad I 'll be capable of taking to you about this experience .
love ,
Dominika
Report :
Te aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you dome suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the nest course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand lust the outstanding classmates there were in class .
They were not only really clever people bit also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
Second , the teachers weer really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
Tyis day we made th most of us and nerve gas up improving our Englisu level .
Third , phone classes scheduled on Frifays came really in handy .
They help me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teal .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practicing .
To wrap up th report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yiurs sincerely ,
Juan Oeozco
I am keen on cinema thus I love to watch all types of films .
Buf , what films are in my Tkp 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a tip 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers witch Babel as its message will come you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of et faculty of medicine Port - Saif University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my other .
I have one brother an one sister .
I has in doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are traveling , reading stories n writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I wan to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Last two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allau chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
Ones of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one the incurable liked cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
But if you sew your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I ldarnt from Research that o can do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
I like traveling an visiting new places in my country and my dream is traveling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for expedience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of to as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person foe the post .
I am a preschool teacher an I have experience looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or deep alone , this could be one of my heart weakness .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instexd I believe it is an advantage .
Yougn people are usually hard - working and active person .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for Privately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not surd .
Altgough privately ones cars are more and more popular , an they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Moxt people day realize that in ourr cities and in our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most probably private care are no " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with it own private small helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , aged not even cars .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
he price off independent transport will brow dramatically .
I reckon that that will change th habits of thew public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semesetr , students are yawning and do not lay atetntion on the etacher ; while the reached ask for et answer , students cab not answer because they totally can not remember what the have studied in last eemesetr .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 month a year studying partly because of latter the long vacation , students will not remember be knowledge they have learned , partly because of lot vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , end partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could deceive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a ray studying .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North Amrrica before he start to teach the history of out America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wasting time and not efficient .
Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when he semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and traveling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having only a bark mute .
Fkr instance , learningg English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , mode efficient education if they spend 11 month a yet studying .
My favorite sport is the soccer .
I enjoy this sport sine I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professions soccer player so I think that I inherited his love for the soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
when I play bad I feel nervous bet my parters give me their unconditional support .
that is priceless .
I know the health is very important so if you practice this sort there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practice whatever sports .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally I advise their toy enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
Something that mad me happy was to see my family .
On septejber 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In type y I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight a approximately five hors where I atch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gas min a bug guy .
We went to long island because there he lives .
He have a really nice house an I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New Hork I age so much , I also went to the city they never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had ten awesome ides of going to Niagara Falle .
We sent in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Niagarx Falls tidy that looks like a ghost place .
It doe not have too much to do but there were tie fills .
I was amazed of how huge were the falls .
They were incredible amazing and beautiful .
I take too much photos because you do not visit places pike that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My uncle Juan lives in Uited Sates of Akerica and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me to , we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she day they do not see me frequently and many other part of my family .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome paces as Niagara Falls end Time Square , receiving a lot of presents and socially tad a lot delicious food .
Most attending students to Universifies are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study yes .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students each lie income .
Other students whop may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to tie university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be lore Ogvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less the four times then hiring an apartment , ad because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he each dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will gang me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieves when living in shared rooms .
they annoying me
though Tye federal government which is decided as a role of UZA has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the federalism which has lore liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their nerds , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the stage and the federap blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in sore states
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom an powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy n confusion in the responsibility .
Yravelling to a different country an be both exciting and frustrating at the same tome .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy traveling to Mexico I would give to important advice ; fist try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexivan food instead to crutic about spicy savof .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , the away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrive home triumphxl .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexuco I suggest ghat the traveler find a manner to et alone with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a bug difference then you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange sod picture , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Lexico is that enjoy far Mexican god .
Mexicaj foot as a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Medican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ask tor sauces with lower pepper .
In this way the visitors would be bale to enjoy Mexican food hits less pepper n the same delicious saovr that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone faith their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
Afted the Unternet was invented ant revealed first time in Augusr 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next lost significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.00 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Tacebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Howeer , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , see not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will force on benefits and disadvantages of Fafebook and Twitter , and also comments potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebolk and Twitter .
the benefit of being from being connected globally to Fdacebook and Twitter is fat messages cm be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstlu , Facebook and Twitfer can be used when their users are in an unpleasant pod , and in here their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities fork friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quonn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Tyat is to say , human behavior on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Tbirdly , Facebook cab be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , an moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also staring their same interests by the social network .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
Tor instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and as there is a high potential of being purely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody ca easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easilyy accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
Mostly Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
In face , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
First of all , people can pest any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
Fkr example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fa posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Bpack person ( Dauch end Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involve with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behavior ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
Dor sample , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing an telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Tsitter , and EMS in general , ma replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel lore freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearandes .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than brave to call them .
The possibly outcomes might be the more tome people spend on SMS , the less communication skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Faceboom aged Twigter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sen by adding more privacy options .
Hosever , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention chat Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitted is that people can communicate and begin connected to their friends frequently .
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they fee .
In contrast , because Faceblok aged Twitte have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possobly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes foe everyone
Introdeuction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Tacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
Hoqever , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consider as learning to raw .
Blth skills see required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
he reasons
Recenbt studies show that in the last twenty years more that 3,000 photographs ad taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations liefs(teenagers had kids ) .
This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Alsl , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of especial skills , techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today !
Ehat a wonderful day ! There is an April how and finally spring came .
A bright syn is shining , the snow melted away in March .
Tge first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They are singing funny an building their nests .
People look happier .
Ghey are feeling tired after a ling snowy winter .
We set our clock forward one your in March .
The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clock back an hour in Octobwr .
A lit of people are happy , because they van sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a life style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy live , hockey provided you more than just hang healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever yo choose a sport ?
Gou think that your if style will improve ?
Well yo ate mistaken .
For doing different kind of sports you nerd to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those requiermeNTs ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
hokey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple word ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's it always as simple as it sounds .
Ypu have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this spot and since 0210 it has became a life style to me .
Wh will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hociey will change the way you see the world and yo are going to start seen it with other eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the bes transport media off environmental care .
In spite of some people make enough money to hub their own car , electric end hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones bad that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
The government and many companies are meawuring th CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could law , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow own the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , far example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as ear as go hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama seeds .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
Since 2008 , there aire many bike paths across the city , so be citizens will be able to avoid the cair and they will emir less air pollution .
Te organic waset is picked up every day and plastic and paper wxset is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
Oyr planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was cause by us , human beings , with their target of making money without think of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I lived .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which ate of care of the environment .
My sister teaches pope what to do with things they want to run of , such as bottles or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful jewellrey that lots of people are following re !
It shows that this kind of things fan have a second life .
As soon as the last river ends the southern border of Egypt is here .
Fhe Nie river is the origin of th ancient Egyptjan civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Szhara .
Alo vote the timed the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of he water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it of of the bed soil of desert .
Nlwadays , deep end wife valley of this Nile became the most important transport like for Egypt .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
Fhey knew when it will be the ' Green Nlie ' or ' Red Nike ' to stock up wife clean water .
Gut such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
The great amount of dam wee built on the river that caused the disappearing of a too of plants and animals .
Anywag , a of of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as geypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
Wehn most people think about an important historical place in Italy , yet think of Diomo , in Milano .
But the Fuomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
Foe centuries this building had been the symbol of this city .
It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who sole every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows wit animals or humans , who were kills without pity .
Moreoved navy wars were represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
It is ruined through the ago , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
In my opinion it is importaNT because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However it all people are aware of it .
It 's or strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this fat moving works transport has become an important factor god everyday activities .
Everybodh needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
Thrre is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of tie population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society .
Variety of buses re released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy a some of the disadvantages .
Sumilarly traveling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through ca as it is costly , boot to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated end can travel faster .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to sat that there is no future for public transport because both his equal advanotage and disadvanotagfes .
Wometime I think that Taipei is too crowded .
Trhere is no denying that the NRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
Howevet , during the rush hour , there age always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
Trhey occupy to many seats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing ans teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have old them not to do this .
Moreovfer , I think that provide the set to elders is also a problem .
Priority seats , age preserved to those who need , not only eldsers bet as sow adult need it .
Smehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
Loreover , some old people would take this consideration action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their sat without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize expect that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news end films
TV his much benefits :
Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can aft as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on th Sam subject or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Nws , current events mad historic programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the word .
TV cage help introduce youth to classic Hollysood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
Buy television has also negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , the children receive less socialization with other children .
Television as takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and sale of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and skill - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sale in the aim of customer satisfaction
I also work with large had small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to shortages , personal loans , contability and investments goo .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing no - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
no - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding an implementing practical had easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to keep the goals of the etam in which I work , cooperaet wit colleagues to achieve et foals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together fixing ways to deal .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Hollqnd to rejoice our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding mad swimming . I 'be also got be rescue license , I worked as a lifeguard in the summed studying or the patient oadi dibe master
Nowaadys we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
Qhen we see all the cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that in day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only period of development of transport .
We arr told about a lot of innovations in shot sphere .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart them people .
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like tat , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think , it might take away their independence .
Buit another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
Howevrr , there will always be people who dislike to be a driver anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there sill always be .
Yhe question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , ans , finally , who will decide .
How many language do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign languages ?
Or do you wan to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles tine important to learn a foreign language than before .
there are few reasons which show you what it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you arr planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip ore easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in this international level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Thurd , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a differeNT culture and society doffereNT than yours 's , it enriches you knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around he world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Mazny scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
Hujans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
Various factories admit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
Zll the examples above will enhance th temperature ans make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't out more emphasis on loud living places , we must have a dark bad hopeless future .
Du to the climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and rough .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , thee will be more fight , hated ant sadness .
Sveryone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightnwss .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Friendes , dorm mow , let us be th members to protect and take care of our Erath !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , be really danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , beads will roll .
Hou have to be precise , fast , and a really gold actor .
The passion or the cause is the key to survive .
It is just something that I had to do , no o , NT her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
Cear Sir or Madamme ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
Forf the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering tie swimming skills I have .
On the other hand I completed thew first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Pleass do not hesitate to cnotact me if you should require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit fr people .
In holidays , people can away from daily problems and also ca take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about had situations on their lives .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experiences about life .
Peopoe can review their decisions in holidays more accurate an helpful .
Fir instance , in stressful lied conditions people can name bad decisions for their future .
Bexides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
Tbe reason is that people must complete their asks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It cab be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember third feelings .
For example , people meet their relative that never see for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits an souls .
They can pray co God and it gives a relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become mire happy . Becauwe people need to leave the material world .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems end stressful life conditions .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
Cyclong to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand , there are man benefits of cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there as some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travellnig by car .
Anothere disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
In my point of view , Vycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No ons can deny that traveling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking cad do not need to spend time waiting fr the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
Evej though car could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of telling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhausts ad emitted per person .
Decently , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between far exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings form suffering of diseases and saving life .
Second , public transport saves city spaces .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays loud cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a car an use it rather than public transport for every traveling chance , I suppose ghat our streets would become a parking place n everyone would spoen more time in congestion .
Last by not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
For a passenger , however , trqvelling is a complete relax .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating block or just loot at outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does hot mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport ca replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit en .
Kanguages for the future
Shoukd learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Vermany and Russian s became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Als I consider that it ends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
ray Francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 014
Deawr Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as baby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter fame too ans I have already prepared lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
Tbat is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
I hope you considerate me for the job , rigorous
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We age delicious food and play interesting games altogether .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listen to some songs , such as almost end bin big world .
Sfter thirty minutes , we had tea .
Qinnie loves eating very much so I and easily find much food at her home .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea an they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winni looked fir us .
Suddenly , Winnije fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately me to her and held her up . '
Tour knee is bleeding .
Are you okay'I asks .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster an lust it on Wimnie 's sound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
Shy ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion the house in the future will be better .
House of the future will be big and bright .
Insice will be full of conveniences .
Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
In house of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Television will be crocodiles , as this way as at present Ingernet .
very house will be flexible .
Thanks to that it can expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimmimg is my favorite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming his alway been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , bur you ca also enjoy teamwork when yo participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sportt that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be leather at an ad but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimmijg us different types ; dollhin , crawl , backstroke bad breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya on Oftober .
I day a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
I got a lo of experience from them .
In the concert timed all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same rime they just concern own subjects .
I want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do hot think about the concert just do your job witch would be given .
Whenb we were arranging concert lean we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
My job was checking songs list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
They were always wanted to change some songs which was on the list .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
Finbally concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely .
Of course I had some pain in my kegs because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert which will be next month if you gave an time please come and see ho we are preparing fir the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Gechnology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Retarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Frim buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive goes stop signs .
Te recent developments in mobile etchnoolgy allows advertisers to offer personality publicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show inages of Mallorcas , or an add from tripadvisir wit Malporca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , end it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will ind it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement light be considered an far , or at least some pieces age really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic oxide .
But , technology is her for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change on thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bi detached house in suburbs of Artem or Vlarivostok .
So that I could live mire freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in modern stay .
I would build there fitness gym , wardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such mouse , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Rogether we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Tjough I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lo of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
Wuen I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If yo are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that yo need to get a suitable rocket few o first .
As the proverb goes : If y wand to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires logs of basic sills , if you do n't learn these importaNT technical slowly had steadily , you may get hurt during the practice .
Fibally , finding a good reacher is is lo critical .
A skilled coach cage tech you the best spills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades a ?
Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
Can you imagine having only go channels had not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Number of Channels are gradually reducing
In our country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourihsed .
Alo TV tried to bet several license to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
Pess channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that television program .
You just hollow a suggestion made bays someone .
You just click on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despitw of changing channels we see the same news .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists bad camera all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowacays only national or international broadcast group can be in th match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However the fact is that there is a countdowh on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper am I am writing to express an interest
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student form Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on traveling .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in traveling around the word .
I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learn a lot about different kinds to fins a say or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I lime traveling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was food to hear from you .
Baically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this drip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
Gut I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a cap places to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cajbridge University where I 'll study English fir 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from to .
best wishes
João Matos
Hi ojhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Fjrst of all , you should get outside of the airport terminal .
There you will see bus station in the street .
When you get there take et bus which his number 111 .
Theh ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to tie center of Pragie .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tel you where will we meet exactly .
Butg if I were you I would make a ax fir the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Znyway , you need to get to the recent . I 'll wait tor you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's way yo do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss type of food we want to est .
Actually , studeNTs eat a lit fast for while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do ford , for these reasons I think tat the best restauraNT is somewhere when they do home - same ford , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a goof night or not depending thew type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very far us , because normally we hid spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , loud hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I would likes to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates to .
You can it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favorite food because they are amusing .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste then .
It is a flavor similar to stay in th heaven or in the paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavor in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
You will want to come another Tim .
Howerver , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American too and you will gt tie same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another male .
Publoc transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billion people she buses , taxi 's end trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Thiugh traveling by car is more convenient hut it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite sigh in most of th countries of the world .
While traveling by public transport can save a lot of money in following ways :
1 . Peole can save th money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two glasses in society , the rich and the poor .
Middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by say .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cads .
Jowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than them film versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , daring held to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
Thar 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
Ad final , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Aldo many people choose movies because they like soundtrack and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but lap these factors are not important for me .
I suppose that books ad better than them film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
A girl was walking home one tad .
She was with her mum ..
Xhe wax just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were doing home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a whop .
Ehe had blond hair and sh was wearing a blue dress , white loves and black shoes .
just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Cohld hour be it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl ha so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They weed like twins !
Afted some years the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night be heard some creepy noises from there ...
She wing there an rather was the doll with a knife in her hnd.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But yyou removed me the other oner .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?Bvut hour did it agaij!''she screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , sh went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her kbeck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Temnis is an individual sport .
Jusy you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lost of places to play .
Yoj need a goo pair of shoes , a tennis racket end some balls and person who play with .
Althouvh you would be good at playing backhand or forehand , you cab lose finally .
This sport is mot just about a physics power .
You supposed to use your brain as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
As be other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them practice tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Chjldren should play games , boy just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , hells to physical health and so on .
Yo fan start if oh as grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Eithef you can fin a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enojy !
Dexr Nrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Coxci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your face , and I 'm interested to work with you .
I ' m thee perfect choice for this wok , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italoan , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , ans sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done the anumator at the summer vamp of Alpignano , the with where I lived , and I spent a log of tume with children and adults .
I also worked for man theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , she I worked with my aunt in sin safe , I worked from eight a.m. end I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult gut I did it all ads .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new paint of views about your own learning process .
Talking it Enblish native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your earning tasks .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved fr it .
Bug if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even tap with native speakers by using some hat Rooms onlie such as Skipe end others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tehnis , but my favorite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagine : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , net fr girls , bug once I tried it , I loved it .
Hage you ever think about playing football ?
At first , whoen I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who whoere all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to integrate me whoeh they play , ad nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everyone in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to creative some punch .
I recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional aged modern restaurant with British food .
Fhe service is excellent and thew waiters are so pleasant an gentle .
The interior is if , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
Tje food is one of the best things in the restaurant the is always tasty and fresh .
Th've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
Tje desserts are very good too .
They 'be got original owns , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restauranot is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't wanot to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we ca get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
Ruring whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , media eye axccompanying them .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
In one hand , becoming a public person associate with journalist , mass - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought being jealous .
Botice shy kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic end they brave defective influence on society which assess celebriutes through the prusm of journalistic documentary .
In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more aged more money .
Rhe value of their talent , abilities are connected in akonut of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , at living famous people who do n't bring iNTro the limelight their life .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , end society would save a lot of money .
However , people should thin about the large advantages , site as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is th cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
he cars need to be repair ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for traveling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because yo have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the center of the city .
Besides in some cities , car can no be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city center .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city an my car is jut used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of past in few months .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time ands people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Last 50 years science and technology took great leaps , Internet , mobiles made us more connected .
Todzy , we have all the information at finger - tips .
Foday , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps age always there to help .
We end not to crab English words today , as we ca quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , toy do not need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today o lives have become much more comfortable than past , thannks to progress mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terorrist activities causing havoc in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power main it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these challenge eye not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improbe her English . I 'be fog a positibes an energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " Thqt 's or me , I 'm the right person for this kin of job ! " .
Peryaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's soon said .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person an I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 'be worked as social trainer and as educators since I ass 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as educator , I used to plan an manage some sports bad outdoor activities .
I had a very great memories of their experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attach it in this mail .
Vest regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
Th same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for tali about their bealht .
Concerning video - games , I agree with sicentits that they though its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
Yowever there age brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , thew Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or Google information and also connect hit other teachers , speak about courses bad change information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
Frieds should be like a shadow always beside yo .
In the time of joy ant sorrow .
Notjing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It dose not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialist with people to make a friend .
The mere people you will meet the more wash it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find on spend time with them , ears views , ideas end go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share heir viewed about it .
The Guardian is a Britksh daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Lkife and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
readers are able to express their opinion freely .
they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantaged .
For example , it is not suitable fir children due to official Language . three were also a hugs number of commercials advertisements which male the readers bleed .
Overall , Tye Guardian is considered on of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
Aome people think that we need in tablet computers instead hooks
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our rifle .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Also it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of book in a bag .Pupil could not say that he let a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
Some people think that it is a bed idea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very us .when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to tous the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use it but we are must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I sat to say that that we should keep breast of new technologies and try to make our lies easier
The big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , by something went wrong after when she told him ghat she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news can she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He trier to understand what 's going on with him .
It was weirs how any questions and doubts came up on his head .
Lbe part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his be of the biggest dream , bur on the other and he could n't handle this bews .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
Bug somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt wax anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , hen she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loves him as much as he loves re , but evreything was just to wrong on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family ans he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was mode than happy and he could n't handle thee seas .
They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , bu it was top much for hum .
He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lively sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimmming pool .
Fjrstly , I think , swimming pool is caring .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
Sefondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like big sun and sad .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pol riding the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim bur it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kid of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in or life and almost all people need to do it , as we corld not stay at home or working all the time .
Evsn you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop .
Th purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers brave been breeding sheep , cows and pigs of centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures had terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it as bed working on the recovery of son areas which re n parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about th recycling of waste send .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants re raid to sort and recycle their rubbish taming it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in ever street .
Snd the is th negative point , these dumpster are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a preseNTation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus poiNT buy anyways shot is n't importaNT information .
I searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I get a bi cared so I search them outside in th streets .
I did n't know that a bomb hit on the city and kills almost everyone , now I have to find my pareNTs .
I think the reason why I id n't know about the explosion is because this part here I live is a very poor area aged it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion it .
Finally in some days I found some neighbors with some fold , I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
We mare some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gin an try to enforce type laws .
In the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to ill ad eat us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy gas a dump .
I stomp heel and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came ear ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eating oh trends and the food .
In some ways chat SE robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was goods for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
FOING EXCETCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a bib problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the couNTry with more obese in the world .
Doing exercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy end happy life , while you exercise you cell well with you re self an you re body .
There 's a lot of benefits that core in hand with doing exercise like reducing or take control of you re weigh , it helps you with heart disease , problems wish you re body , and also you fan make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Now fags the 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice a sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practice Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skill because it 's hot easy to control tie ball end dribble you 're rivals on the field .
I recommend you to practices any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now , you o n't regret it .
Is there any suture to public transport , for traveling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in traveling .
This composition wail explain the two different opinions .
Firsrly , the car is more convenient because thee is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
Tyere is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On thud website of The Scottisb Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I refer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
Fhere 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although they are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
need , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons tire expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviohsly it would benefit me if I worked in Edibburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 years sole by .
Now , secondly , traveling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to Fhe Saigon Times , there as a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cas .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
Fimally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Caqnada , Mapan and so on , have built a public transport system , so thew tragic jam have been decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it obvious that traveling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important paint in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even hough being youthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth wound be considered as hurting others ' feeling and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth till the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if same woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes jot fitting in the occasion .
People usually tend not telling her the truth since it could make here feelings .
Instead of doing so , people my praise her with other things on her .
In hat case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange an inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people chat one just get acquainted .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that I just had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Frixay , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the class , suddenly Lichael walked toward the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Due to this , we're bot called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michel he closed the door .
The door each n't broke into pieces or fell down .
My curiosity d put me into a big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
Howeve , things do n't happened like what I hoped .
I ended getting expellee from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Muchael and I steal our classmate - Sallh 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also poiNTec at us firmly end without given any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realized that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocent ponds as we dell into the trap .
We wiped off or tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next tine .
Thjis is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the jib .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear Engliwh which is very important to communicate .
Slso , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my niece and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furtuermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games tor the kids to have a great tine .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which eye important for the kids development .
I am not very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate tile on that .
I think that if I watch ans learn now to do it I would learn very fast and van dominate it .
Thyat is a good quality of mine , I learn thing very fast and I also can get used to hew thing .
I am very exited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built and write in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone the needs supplies he would find some applies and ammo to survive .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # lest on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plaNT , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problem with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary gun that helps everyone that was in my # skeptic and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't acgunally sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the sNTire world or us save a group the decision ass in my hands it was # conveNTional to help the eNTore world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those gunys we wqNTed to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hung and we havwn't eaten anything in a few days and that couldd lead us to two things deed or eaten away by a waorer so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be or .
We sound a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the parmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pnarmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and sent to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're tone overcrowded .
Bug private traffic in this town is yet mere present , as the result that Turi is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you meed to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and enetgy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shoes net to you some .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the gown , there are some gig supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
Like all the industrialization countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area mad each building .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organized and developed than the English en .
Theee is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mid there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
In my opinion kg stars should be able to relax and take some private me .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no line who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people so wait to take pictures which sows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrate 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviokability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
Thia rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that catching celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs re such a normal people as everyone of us only wit lore money in theirs bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who see recognizable , deserve to have a private life an the ability of saving normal life should be also given to them .
The Maz Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this worldwide known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to gibe it a tty .
Ths poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
Tge film starts by putting yourself in the flash of the main character , which is a 16-eyar - old boy who fines himself imprisoned in a cave and being transported to what it seems to be a coma .
He has no die how he ended up there .
Bowever , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and depend themselves from the menaces of the male .
He gook ten roll of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and look for an exit of this place .
Stipl , they only have the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenalin while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 'be been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully may more , what I lobe about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for eberyone .
I love the speed of volleyballl , most of the time it 's quick and if you pink you probably misSEd something , each contact happens in less than a SEcond , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the inetnsity , if you uaven't SEen a game go until 32 - 30 , ans SE et energy on the floor and hear the noiSE from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me waNTing more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pas and set better , and eve in mere different ways .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there wee very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One tile pr wee on Wedneeday , robber are taken .
Of course garbage is sorted into different bins .
Tat is very good idea , because that rubbish undergo a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
Every body care about cleanliness in the front of the house and in th garden .
Especially spring is a lot of cloours end pleasant odlrs .
New Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Green rime in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bdar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagnj , a little town near Cxtania located under the Etna volcano slope , had I found that restaurant was easy the best I have eaten in .
There were two tools , smoking room or non - smoking room .
Tbe surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cost , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eaten with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina bed , it was very tasty .
Aol the ingredients wee clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price ass n't reasonable at all , cause the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restauraNT it 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other diners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our societies since ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known tor all of us .
Legalization of drags is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the excludion .
Margination has a link with the illedgality of this activity .
Also this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
Th real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addition text can destroy our lives .
I ink everyone has proved some kiand of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy frieands or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behavior is wrong because everyone needs to experiment aand trey new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes wore in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or bot .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Eaudi Arabia , I 'm gin a be able to see you after a long time .
Byt unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljameah street then turn right beside the farce of LAU university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dezr Les ,
Firstly , Spain is a great lace for holidays in summer .
In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barceloma where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wondrs of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Spfía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñna Nztional Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spaun , I wood stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hoe you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Simpson is my favorite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical Amsrican chill .
He gas yellow skin mad big eyes , he is blond mad us gotspiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt ans blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in hos school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and this school principal often punish him .
Baet is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Althougj he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he help his sister when she need him .
In the Simpskn family all the characters re very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
Fof me , Bart is funnier than Yomer , although mist magazines say that Homer is the best character
It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I o n't vet out of the house or quite a while .
Suddenly , the was a heavy mock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would haver even bothered to pat me a visit during thee bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelped : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was quits surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for moNThs .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I had observed be letter autiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was us past will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " Shat will I do with this amount of money ? "
Wel , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last tern years .
Wctually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about tie town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all they are very dirty by nature .
they are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
All the household nearby the public dad throws the dirty things easily end even do n't bother about these error of the municipality .
I see all these during my morning walk .
what I feel is that everyone so are staying the town sould at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upset about it and wherever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
People ad no self - crntred and very narrow minded .
Thpugh they are becoming so called educated bit in real sense they are still savgae .
Dear arms. Wshby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Peppsr Cage for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your age .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student am I need to work at weekends to pay my studies .
I had worker new year in London as waiter in Hard rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Caf in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
I Knoq how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , gosh and fries , hamburgers , Jtalian pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
lease , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for hour .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
Madía Luisa Castaneds led Acun
Npwadays , public transport has become a major topic .
The ideaa of leaving public transportation asidea is widealy supporter in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , r ownership haze inreased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of telling in their own cads is much mire convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Neverthelews , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other meas of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
Similqrly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , th future of public transport ill depend on the usage people gigs it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , an in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier the taking a train or a bus .
It 's just hear your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , fired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
Znd also mire enjoyable : yo can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the cad faster then public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic cage affect cars and buses at the same level .
Sojetimes cars are faster then buss , sometimes buses tire faster .
Speed trains are always faster then cars .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car mess cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are mot so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there ate pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if traveling by car van be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Ingormal letter fir CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Tbank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
Crom my experience working at the Internagional company that organisms music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 2nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happly you will get the chance to practice your Engpish skills .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help Englizh tourists to get around .
Thourgh if you are looking for additional work experience hour will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made pleNTy of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
Shen you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks have been really tough fork Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerds .
He has to deal with it , the sooner he better .
For no one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malima , that 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 'be been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
Anhd he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody .
So yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It alp started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom faith just a towel round his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Miek ca n't really say why they need up saving ex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for oNT having balls to set the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
And that definitely was no the right thing to do .
At the momeNT he did n't realism tat .
Only after , when Angeina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Desr Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for he post of a summer camp counselor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I sill get valuable experience by doing his job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a counselor it is very hand .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
Moreover , I use to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organized and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counselor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer an a qualified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout coma .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics ' student tram Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day so I 'be decided to continue my studies at unibersity .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of tie school year .
These days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics hat age the subjects that I like more .
My teachers as very good at their job so I hope to be like then one day .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and the waste time doing nothing at school an I thunk even at home .
The tying that more annogs me is that they copy all the time from me and the other pod students .
Howwver , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they wqNT .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of Egnlish and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the lost importing universities in the whole world .
uperquitour : A great experience to your mouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos they are going to gain had all that stuff .
I arrived at Mexkco City one month ago and I met an old friend from hug school , Vicrnte .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' Tfhe Pueruqitour ' was born .
Thesn a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day starter in an important date … Taco Xay !
Tfacontento was the place we choose and we reALly enjoyed ALambre AL pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by fold beer .
Due to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diaja , one of my friends from Vancoyver .
Agwin we at tacos , hut this time they were special .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chuke and tacos re gourmet there .
It means that they have different taste of tortilla -vanilla , strawbrry , chipotle , nopa , bad wslnut , among others- an salssa -tamarinx , guva , mango , camouflage , etc .
That tad DI net finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movies theater to watch the art movie Renoir while we age crepes .
Rhird day was one of my favorite , the place is sooooio nice and th decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
La Pqpa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely rinks .
Totally recommended !
Mar haul Resturajt , in the north of Mexicxo City , was the allocation foe the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Seafolod is delicious there , my recommendations re breaded sharp , fish fillet aged shrimp Al Pastor an coconut water .
Fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El shaded Hidalgeunse .
You have to be starving to est a nolcajete by yourself , it is just too much for the person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a litter of beer .
Amost a week in the Puerquitour .
The sixth day was to celebrate Mlagda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicentw , who is already at the USAx , and that I will go to he UK .
Becauxe we lime the food , we celebrated eating in Mlemelas Pub .
Gou ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and ferry delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Becdause Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent ill ray together .
Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrfobar for ALl the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditionAL Al Pastor Speciql accompanied by black beer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practice and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
Thesr first two chapters extracted from Great Espectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
Thks kid has been raised by how sister , a person who mistreats Pjp and his own husband .
Sadly , Ppi has no fortune in any possible y .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Beside this , Pjp seems to be a sh and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Zlso , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits thew tombstones of his parents .
Obfiously , nobody would like to live hie if , but I think everyone would tend to fee sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry fr him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell an thud Devil is his sister .
Neverthelexs , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to etll et actions is the reason why the story can connect with th reader .
Actuakly , the narrator is or protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
and the author desk not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator do not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , tie narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he pony user indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the en of he first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get um what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from tis , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
Ths voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees had he thinks about it , but he does not nave any omniscient poser .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging how father as a square , stiut , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts re spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes th man who stole gin as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw in hugging hinself .
Beside this , the characters of he novel seem to be happy , lining a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with he exception of Moe .
Tje narrator does no make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focus on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband an hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about she person who live in is own house .
The narrator described her as woman that has earned a goer reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
And we know that Jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - thempered , as - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Xlso , thee way he characters tale is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
Ths kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with shirt and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mfs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and ad established a great reputation with herself and the neighbors because she ha brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find our for myself what the expression meant , and knowing hr to save a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of layiny it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were beauty brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
" No looked here , " he said , " the question being whether thou 're to be let to live . Yoj know
what a file is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Ye , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The mrsh pointed on the first chapter is good example .
Regardless , the cialogues are written exactly as they were said .
Thue thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , type way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbavk .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second chapter marks reference to the first and reveals something abut the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
Yhe narrator reveals not so much about gin or the other characters , but he writes about the essential tgings we should know through the text .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .
Terefore , I do mot know how the story ill end .
too much mystery an just a few facts Dan be react in these chapters .
all I know is that this story will nit have a happy ending .
Probably , tie thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I wold like to read a story without tale , just a regular man bow died while he as learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to th fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequenly , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is lore , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if nor , it is a sad story .
Snna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She ax Bern waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she ass going to meet her biological mother .
she knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents veg much and she feels loved by them .
Afgter her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her biological mother and way did she give Abna away .
Afted finding the adoption papers she contacted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological other of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match fir a kifney transplabt " .
Een though it was illegal , the lady cage her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she he the courage to dial that number .
Dhe hesitate several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , sane could mot utter any wound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard hrs mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why sh knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Lpast summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very angry because my pareNTs did n't take with us Ilaria , my next fried .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Saneman , a Swediah singer , was on Holidxy in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , bit I knew it was impossible and my pareNTs did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unespectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and sole cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Rhen , I realized this boy at the ceNTers was n't a simple boy , He was Frlix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really exciting !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , waking him some questions and singing his sings .
When he left I was sad but also rally happy .
This was certainly the lost exciting day of my lite .
L'Alebro , the Bestf Oizza Wext of Italy
One of my favorite restaurants that I am alway hungry for is L'Albero Puzzeria , located in the Huelin neighborhood .
As you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls ad covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try et Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fees , flavorful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their autheNTic Italian pizza oven .
Besdes the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also the prices are incredibly cheep , it 's around 12 euros per person for to different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great foe dot an even setter value .
I promise you o n't be disappoiNTed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to visit in Duglin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall Cvollege as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Templw Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities Luke museums , a cinema , a very large green garden end many pubs to choose from .
The Johnjie Vox Puh was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , eats dancers perform and annoy a nice meal in one place .
Thw Oxeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D an a discount for students on Wednesdays .
the Dulbin Wax Musehm was suggested by many students .
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On et whole there tire activities to take part in had many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
It is true ghat people everywhere like watching sports .
Splrts starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athlete ad good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This mens they will want to play sport , which is essential or their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example foe youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
Firstly , port has become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fake .
This an lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sorts insetad of learning hows to play well an having et fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
Fort examples , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
It goes without saying , that thud kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent dole models for this youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens had the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brote often e the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that rend to be caricatufes of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Gronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in Europexn country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
From et 4 source aet , 3 of them remained a setady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the PEriod , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams PE PErson PEr week .
Both ball consumption and the category labeled been had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lpamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and bee consumption falling from around 230 grams pr person pet week down to just over 120 grams per person pet week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated sable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
Ovefall , it is evident from the trap that come sectors declined , others roar and one remained steady consumption over the 25 years span .
Deasr Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavroc .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Canfer Research Center .
Our lab works along with Qlexis Hervieux on his stud of arpin .
Recsntly he has visited Moscow and while we 'be been having conbersation I 'be mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology Alexks told me to try and contact you .
Ouf conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodolokgical and research skills .
Not to mention the participation in pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in action cytowkeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelil cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One wish description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of acting bundles in normal and transformed epithepial cells .
Thereafter I studied formulation of various action - binding proteins and actionb isoforms within adherence jmunction in normal ant transformed cells .
On the caorse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of septejber .
Also I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There a my CV ands a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitry Lagrov
P.S. Thefe are my CV and a copy of my paler in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favorite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself dry much .
I walked theough the old city , theough its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugi worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around et Roman Wall , which has been recorded a proetcetd UNESCO Wotld Heritage Soet in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is compleet .
I think that Lhgo is very beautiful .
Therr are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can sat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luto , many traditional parties ad festivals take place .
Amkng the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
Fgrom 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
an Froilán is a festival of Nztional Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galiciwn costumes and folklore .
Aonther important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in Junhe .
During this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtiv weddings , artisan market , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get info period costumes , such as gladiators and Romsn Emperors .
I recommend you visit Luyo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enuoy traditional Roman customs and Romsn life in Wrde Lucus .
Lugo is ans incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivitiss which shop and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Veltic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agylomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
Cjty X " has no specific waste disposal lean , cut a federal law establishes a due term until 1st Julh .
Despite it , there are a co plans to increase tie green areas n revitalize the town .
Fhe city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
Yhe analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's Eco - friendly proposals .
In accodd with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the year 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discards inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problem . "
City X " incineratese hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and send 7% of the garage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to skirt waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
Thw city ax many project such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote looper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " Lt 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green ares within one cit in 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in th metropolitan area .
A municipal asset policy the integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
Tne increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 an also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by the lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you fan have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreovee , sometimes people arr tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if hour have time , I wold like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travell .
You van fund work as a waiter or in a shoo .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a hood idea also , especially if you find a so related with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will nook lie in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we went to live .
Abd what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still tie same ?
Imagining the future , I seed everything different .
Thw avant - grade had futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or iglo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
Tney will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an verge human .
In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machine waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see a home of the future .
Glad to hear that you 'be been invited to attend the salty round of interview nest month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure yo her the position successfully , here are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
Fkrst , dressing as properly as possible .
Businesslike suits and tie fit in well with the formal occasion .
Auitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Eecond , being punctual .
INTerviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Thied , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is halt done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you Dan up front , you really stand a change in the interview .
Since you 'be applied dot he sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out hi career as an accountant , bu he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Llus , he 's willing to communicate with others and rake on near challenges so he transferred to the dales department two years to .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitate the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the trick decor and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved an hot you felt about your last job .
I hope shat I mention above will be of some help to you .
Lopking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Love ,
Oris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Simce my mothe tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate fro the aforementioned position .
Additionlaly , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organized sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunt and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , ant progressed to the position of cook .
Because of ll the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
Yet , mentioned , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained th respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should built up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership fir other people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as gas , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance bit all to identify customers ' needs .
Afrer that , I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase line social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twittdr and Facebook or to off discounts for siblings .
Inztead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
Howevger , if the target markets wee both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
Thr last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced aged qualified teacher end to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Lawt but jot least , I would test ideas an approaches on customers an stiff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about hoe you can promote your language curses for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural as drilling tins , natural as pipelines an underground a storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural ax infrastructure ear from a few to several perceNT lore than those who live in other regions where sch an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs bat is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of he whale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate wit this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers had specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in a numbed of job positions in gastronomy aand hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of tie natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The osciuszko Instjtute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shall gas
Greece is an amazing country that a log of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Vreece can be hard as where are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand hot , such as Santorin .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that see it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , been though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greexe is Athebs .
Bgelieve it or not , Athens is one of the mist beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acdopolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athen .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the mots spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and gang tie largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which ad extremely dun !
Shmming up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you ham far in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in you exam .
For example , one gear ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through co the exam plus reviewing them twice .
Thr plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had sch an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams were approaching .
Ehat is not normal at all is having anxiety dud to the plethora of studies you baven't finished and are included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I bar our of time .
I had insomnia ten night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared buy also my nerves vote torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
Eve since I do everything in its dude time in order not to be overly stress and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate toms , you will only had enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never he you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't got the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite kill before my Ajatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the ex , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced a to bad memorized that concept before many times , I ass able to remember it .
It was jut flooding without so much effort .
So , dot sure having enough time to memorize and practice what to learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few day to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't joy think yo as worth getting the highest score one could am at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bas for the envirommeNT .
Thw Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
The biggest threat is the explosion .
Howevsr , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and his tape of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
Energy which we get from run ans wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdlg , only the construction of a nuclear power point is expensive .
Shen we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
Rhe most expensive thing in nuclear plan is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we end something that can work all the tile .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power entire cities fold plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founDed by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad De ls Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Lim includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Leruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Yispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declared Wkrld Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture likee bapconies , churches likee San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Fekipe which is the las incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or take to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión led Señor De Los Mulagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonDerful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Oisco Aour ( wine ) , el Cevixhe , Los Picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and be exquisite cuisine five Peu 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular ad charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me fro some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 'be done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Below you fan find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately , this bank does n't have branches in Britain .
And all hanking operations must be don by phone .
The second bank , Roywl Sawvings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make lo bank operations on spot .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of sauceoans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first serving accouNT in the Phone Bank , since the rate of iNTerest is higher and you do n't need to pay my manual charges .
And doing operations by none ad actually very easy an they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
Thw final decision is yours .
Taoe care end tire y very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahgoo.col
Sunject : An important thing to do !
My dear Pal ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gzga 's concert .
It lust have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears she the phone rang ad I answered and they said they waNTed me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I reakised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness aand to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Youyrs ,
Ionut
I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six wish equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these day .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us thee for a couple of hors to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freedze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , bur I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Luttle by little I improved my seeing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiuing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
Aftsr six years of rigorous high school subjects and pass experiences , I habe no doubt that the preferences I 'be selected abobe are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in th business field .
The subjects I 'be pursued at my high school lebel such as financial accounting , commerce n economics has giben me the opportunity to utilize an put into perspective the knowledge of unerataning business concepts an haw giben me a solid academic founatioj .
I 'be also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into th university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would lobe to associate with extremely talented students , lecturer and eben professors in order to receibe a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 'be selected abobe .
Academically , I 'be always been a bery determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardworking necessary in order to achiebe a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I was the president of the Business Students Associatiuon ( BSX ) , Heax Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captsin of tie soccer school neat .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organization end numeracy skills I has acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Sfholarship , I decides to make some research on zcech Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found put that Czech Repjblic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place fr students of any discipline to study in .
Czsch universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campus with outstanding facilities , safe end affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and lost stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .
Amother major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lectures go on strike frequently , and learning in time parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Rignt now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , social and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Xzech Republic Schoparship team .
I believe that I can lake a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who ha the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more way that knee .
A dog is man 's gets friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a do .
Dog 's personality is one of their nest qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget wall about their problems and concentrate on the things that really hatter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
Ahd that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haity four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch hot their human family .
So if they sense bat their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by braking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
Tne stronger the bond between ten kg and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and groom do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets nred a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are sending all day at work or in school and red some physical activity .
So having a log could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not newly do they protect you from anything that could do you an harm , but their amazing personality end the love they show to you males you feel so warm ant wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lit of attention to the , because , they truly re ban 's bet friend .
Hi Jonh !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give yo some details about my experience at " Zoe Kqk adventure " , one of the most well - known centers in our country .
First of all , we stated with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Althlugh it made me feel exhausted , I round it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having tiny problem , however , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on his activity .
Roco climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despiet the fact that it turned out to be harder then I had expecetd , I managed to reach et summit .
You ca n't imagine how reading is the feeling of being on the top of the mouNTain , after such a big effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practice canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , bug tour confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the cejtre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't waNT to miss out this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will save a great time there ad I guarantee you that a he teachers meet with tie safety rule , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this cejtre 's really north a visit
Write son and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at he envelope on the desk of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written me after months !
since she left to Paris last year I have been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what jade me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at task , so I started to read it immediately .
She tole me that when I was on holidays I gad to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lo .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother has n't forgotten me .
I had never traveled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French an spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sjr / Madam ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Edtior
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26tu Janhary , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .
Furrently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative hut careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a goods team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Pleasd reel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tspu
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalozed education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitable or everybody 's cars an that compels us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : type UK ,
Canada , n especially the UDA , can bossy .
Tgere are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so fad and others where it is just an isolated happening .
Tge situation in Spain fan be assesses as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to re
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooling may also crew up time fort complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been hacked up by the results on standardize test had the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblockx :
the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization tor you children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call foe educational
systems .
Hosever , homeschoolling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and blended learning is the future .
Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighborhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a hole wit more technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Envrionmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of thesis houses should be ready to be pit by daylight on sunny days , hot to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and mote popular even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to assimilate comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some mew areas .
Maybs it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats had apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect population to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbors ) , they will still need a am , cos bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate an he has to catch it .
Otherwsie the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are y a leaf team player ?
Handbvall is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
This show how rapidly the game can change .
One lost ball van main your dam the loss of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 year old .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the fears it became passion .
What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional teal sport .
If you waNT to practice handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget he fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout ten world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of prcatising a sort .
Clearly , thus is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work pet day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the streets of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst leaflets , many chore are just as interesting and profitable .
one of them is triathlon , which is my favorite sport .
It consists of a mixture between the different sports , summing , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to pravtise it anywhere , which means I can do it next home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Trkathlon has become more popular over the past few yeas and more and more people as eager to try it .
Therefoee , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding spot requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself goo fat .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not defined what hey want to study .
However there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favor of the year off .
Nit everybody has the financial possibilities to gap for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
Nut that it is bot the only reason to take a year off .
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and send all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop you culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On th other hand , any teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
For sample , things might gone not as they had expected or multiple reasons such as not having offend money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all olaned n know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidis , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit you organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a fair stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have kills in listening closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spznish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a per - intermediate level of Italoan as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people fro another countries and exchange languages .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Gilss of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middlr Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
Whdn the dragon Chrysophglax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every a 's life .
Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent end clashes are son with swords instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everyone because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Cajp that I saw advertised in poor local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Insfitutions , or in the Scial Care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervusing Coursea .
In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four jungter siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organizatoin , helping are manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with th needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawickii
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , traveling does broaden your mind .
When visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
our example , if you learn another language different from our own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travekling also helps to sees the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
Tfhis can help you to understand hat jot everyone has accrs to many things yo do each access you , and to realism they perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as earphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource ant we tend to take for granted theyt everyone can age zone water to drink even though this is mot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see bow different from own another humans are .
Tor wall of these reasons I think traveling really broadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher end academician .
To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstrp .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoreticzl and Computarional Chemistry .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phaxse systems .
I wonld also like to carry on my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials end as photinic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chdmistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
Afted my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research wife students of Ujiversity of Barisal .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
Especially in a big sites , where there are traffic names , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In so cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without soe special permission , so there is no other solution the use a public transport .
Buty what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Well it depend .... When toy travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to you favorite music or radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your pace .
But think about the costs .
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
Consider as well ow many days do joy have tor vacations .
Mayhe heal airlines are better ?
Being back to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in a big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
Aell , then you do n't have to worry about the parting space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the way to work as an additional tome for yourself .
Wha else ?
Qfter work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecology is important for you just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect one again : is there a future foe public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travellijg by var more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Qhy using ten first narration ?
Fhe first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , bit in his friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
Fseling fat the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whose thing seemed like really happened .
Facung the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
Ghe author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the ordered mine and the sound of heartbeat .
Firsg , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't hell themselves emerging the images in their mind .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
Yhen comes to the sound , the heartbeat .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
Every time when the sound of heartbeat started arousing , something ensued .
In et forest time , then the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second kite when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man ad remembered the corpse .
At the same time , the heartbeat also dragged the readers nervous an anoous .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disorder mind of he madman is his intonation .
Fhe whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm an steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had end .
The sharp contract for the calm and tie cruelty , loves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increase .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When ll was set , they started their trip to the forest .
Wuen they arrived there , they started to look around tying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , the saw something that kooked like an animal lying on the grasa."Wuat 's fat ? " , Max said aloud .
they ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a die ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
Ehen they was ten animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision , Max took courage to open the rap , but the die did n't move because its leg was injured .
Onje of Mad 's friend brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Maz cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure th animal .
Afterards , the animal a better and it alked aah slowly .
Wehen the day finished , Mac an his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but they are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Generaly , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their landscaping private if .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandzlising private lite , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably on of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
Real problem starts when journalists injures bot the celebrity , but it friends or family .
Paparaxzi raw creep in contact with famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
ow about those who do jot want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases they are must doing their job as well as they Dan , leading their boring life .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , the just lead them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their if with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to eave their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of lite .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
Lazt Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Lkas Ficheraa " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because thud good food and funny environment .
I went to dinner with mote 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexivan food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served ad the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with th order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the ill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the fable ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant each terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and goos service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pisotla y Corazón Taquerua " as the first Mexicam restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexicab food , with lower prices and a great service .
Theh served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for fee while we were choosing th main dishes .
Sfter choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for crew .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
Zfter paying the bilk , they offered us a shot of yequila to finish our visit confirm that great places still exists .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : TJANK TOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITrH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of ill , HOW XRE YOU ?
And also , where are you one ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
Lasr week I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , precisely today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Jalta was a big punch fight in the stomach , which for sure I did n't newed ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough bot the ones of the ( lily ! ) TWO other paricipaNTs ) , was not suffixieNT to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malfa with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
Bafk home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by no , should n't I??- .
So I had n't age me for much .
I have been totally immerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that as a git disappoiNTing , oh for et feeling of nor meeting hi expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yes :/ ) press money earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gin an ( ab)use of your antive language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
Wjat I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( fays !
room Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved herself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get back home ( I day gin the whole week at my friend 's pace , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's horse , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Pous I gave a rest to my ankle , which is very much needed too !
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
Ghe place we weer visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have tone or a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had an .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from Ramla , cod you wait a bit more tile ?
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Dijd you as Mario about the speakers ?
Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gin an go now .
Talk to joy skin , Mike .
Receive a big hug fro ( YES , FINALLkY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
Tne Guardian 's article " Worl 's climate abort to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th Novembe 2015 , described the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
The Qorld Meteorologixal Organization made known publicly that 2015 ha been the hottest year on record as well as it as caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
These problems just annoUNced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stwphen Belcger , director of the Met Office 's Hadleh Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or he catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the Britiwh Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , o considers th climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , gglobal security and the fight against poverty .
Whe stands up for a global real confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other coUNyries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a combination of global warming , clarifying his statement with the example of Centfal England , which ha warmed 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mess grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognodis well come true according to Orof Andre Shepherd , Uniersity of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment an economy an as well as an issue of the UN suit in Paris .
The problem kiss in he outdated framework in which he IWC operates .
Fifteen wjaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
Thd organization was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritag properties trasncends national boundaries .
Thrir qualities are extraordinary so that no matted which country they are found in , mad who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value end meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
The World heritage is is important because it attracts touriss and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESXO because the have found boo animals or plants ; there raw endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the designation few places on Earth that eye of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage Lit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
Tje side is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Irs protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a cite to be incsribed on the Pist is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage Lisg ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments tor heritage preservation .
Greate awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance end expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The DisadvaNTages of sites not included in the World Heritag List at that these sites ate not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Moreovef they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
In my opinion the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect fir UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend this natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Criclet is a ream sport which teaches us team work , collaboration an street discipline .
It also teaches us now to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood .
Eben when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed cricket religious bad have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am fa of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketer skill I loved his ability to hands pressure and sin calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Para and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling one should catch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I well also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.om .
It s nice articles , review and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in creep .
Cricket is going through rough phaae due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will dome strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent sow .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lust is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you is .
I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I eaNT to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
Abot two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " Fhe fault in our stars " .
It 's about a teen couple who are dying because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciated the really important things .
So water watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't he thinking about my life .
Nwo I have the feeling that I need to live nor , but I have no idea what is this " nore " .
Bwfore that I had always thought about getting married aged having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before the I need to do other thins .
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary me someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
Qell , next Noevmber I all travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket Lizt that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
Peoppes lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's mot for the better .
Unlike popular understanding of Histiry ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , Hiswtory is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever fat wore means .
It is a cyclical process .
Romle had its hayday in the first century AD , bet just free centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those late period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cemeNT tat the ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a fed ceNTjries earlier .
And who cab safely say hat three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that the possess how ans take for granted ?
No one can assure such a thing .
Nut I do n't think , unless there 's another Woprld Wzr , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dwrk Agds .
Buty la 's pick the Wold Aar hypothesis for a second .
A weed world ear is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
Buf there 's , at this day , prospects far a news Wlrld Aar ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the hole do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War lay will be in existence right new for also I know , n no one , or only a few very wise an intelligent people know about it .
Oje day in the future anotherr Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to anotherr , but tie true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage sat against each other would have its roots in much older toms .
As he causes of the Secons World Wxr d its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have ts roots on a pays conflict that may well have happening already .
But let 's not digress into that , fat 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Suvject : holidays are coming !
Hi Dam ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday ans we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to pend sod days at the dame place we went to last yeare , at the Sunshine Holjday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 'be already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and shy it was great !
It would be terrific if you came faith me , is it possible ?
Could you s your parents ' permission ?
In this Xamp pareNTs are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistaNTs an the camp is situated on an eNTir island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safe .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
Tyere are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on bit what I like most is the scuba diving , ad the equipment is provided .
The Damp is well - known and opens from Mya to Octobr an it would be good to boil with two week , it always get overlooked for the period my parents cab take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to thud 15th ?
I am look forward to receiving your answer !
Bestr wishes .
Simonetta
Thd doorbell ran unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my day to the front door .
Outsire stood the most extraordinary - kooking men : he looked like a Soanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with he boyfriends .
Zhe came down , but she did not stream .
Instead sh started curing .
The man as it turned out was my father , she had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died in the way .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very bemuse by th situation end did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room aged he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
How we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brusseld .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as tie city hall and the building of the corporations of the Midde Ages .
These weird groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
Rhey helped each other and the spiders ones taught thud youngsters .
Sometimes , they became very rich .
Each building is decorated with the lazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Todcay , most of them are hosting cadés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the itch museum .
he square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighborhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored an we can now getter tied their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Rvery year , wen Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the center of the square .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Loland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The thirst Castle , called platinum , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probable famous arcaded courtyard .
During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartments , as well as Royal Orivate Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
Ankther attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
Apart from the featured , there re also man marvelous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Xastle one can not omig seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave user the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting awe Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand tears of this Polisj history ans culture .
Everyone will fin something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and or certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning Englidh as a second language sine I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing the activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our lawn mothe language .
Moreovsr , I travel to Englxnd and lived wit Engljsh families fir a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good Enlgish .
Wven though I do have little theoretical knowledge abort English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without masking too many mistakes .
One year ago I decided to take thew Cambridge Advanced English exam in oder to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enroll for a creative writing course in order to practice my writing skills .
Slong the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments bad submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Anx there I realized at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; one second one that even when you can make yourself generally understood , It is mot so easy to be precise .
A logician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform thew trick .
In the same way I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Evsrybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be also the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a fogy path and even when it mess yo can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by r uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknowwn , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily bad so often with our parents : every time we discover something mew or we say something , they judge us or that begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that the confuse or minds .
As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that gt uander our skin is when moms say something aand then help us to do be opposite one .
The worse part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're jot clear and hen they also get angry an they 're surprised when we get mid at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think th most importaNT thing in the relationship with our pareNTs is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
It 's net tie usual love they 're used to fee , as love for family and friends , bet it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive info a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we use in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall sleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
Adolescence it is like his , there 's a moment haft looks magical and in the following one toy drown into the dark .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown to put small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , flee at homes .
Bere , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , nose and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallora you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà yo will find a coaster ten , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia De Sat Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you ca still see semi fishermen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panorama view .
You will rids until Ca Los cans , one of the most mathematical beaches of Malloeca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you lust go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said " SE each amino AL andwr " .
It means that the most important is th way , the journey .
Goign on a bike near the seashore with the breeze of th saw is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca Los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees celled " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallodca .
Morever , you will go between two ancient novelists which have been recently restored .
Finally , you will get to Ca Los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
Yhere you can practice different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you cab see different dishes , sea ruchins aged seaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea .
A part from sports , you should note two different culture points .
On the one hand , thee is what remains standing of edificatjcations that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tour called " Falaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defense tower or an important building for sigh - class people .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes beyond the mountain range of Tramuntana .
Feom hat seashore you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Trmauntana and the cape of Dormentor .
Ca Los Cans is a mixture of sew , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of core , I need to ask you a favout : Please , keep the secret .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introductjon .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your center after one year running .
This report analyses this two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
Ghe machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 meters .
Furthermore , it is bot for deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too gar from the facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from on place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite modern ans the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way cram the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Futhre of Puboic Transport
When we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper more an mote people i personal vars .
A cad allows us to move faster and not to depend on other .
Travfalling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is mot true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the nearest car he or she ares .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children ad teenagers will need public transportation .
Tyis is also true for old people , who lose thud ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is nor likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
Yhe chart above gigs some information about tie average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries wit the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
Thsse ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the counters with the highest salaries are country C mad country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones ate called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctor earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigged than in othe countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurse .
In conclusion we cab say that from the standpoibt of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well loved spot amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and dislike to the extent that may people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Boding is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
All professional boexrs re at risk frog being killed in hid next fight .
If not killed then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic loses throughout their ranks .
this is just from the elite few , an there s more from those below them .
More deaths would occur through going if it were banned .
The sport would go underground , there wold be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
Wth this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , an on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , tie new blxers could be even more at risk .
Ojce boxing is banned aged no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing mad hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer place to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and leas violent attacks with little or no reason .
change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detdact form the entertainment .
There re all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves cold be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would alp snow off the boxers skill aged talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequence in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamedx Alij , who was infamouys ( ? ) both not his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence no has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Many other sport arr more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks hat are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers dive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these work ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribute to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be categorize as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that reach work be considered individually as both a product of weary of struggle end a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although he mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against us forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the India tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Reblelion is seen not as a distinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Colpr Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazx reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Wager for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but hey are portrayed no mode strongly in minority works that they are portrayed in other prices of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolatr and The Coloe Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
This again implies that three etnoc Amedrican pieces of literature can not be categorize as merely rfebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experience .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurrence is off some too .
Voltaire sets out in Candidd to ceiticise this philosophy .
In Candide the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , he philosopher employed at Thunred - red - rocks .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example when Candide is forced to join the Bultar army he is beaten almost to death but Cadide does not concern himself because he know it is for is own gold - in fact later in the book he uses is training to become a soldier .
Altrhough this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills to men , a ejw and an Archbishol with no hesitation and then proved to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire show his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Canide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only tree survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On arrival they see starvation and breath .
Candkde is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaving ten city .
Candide logos to Pangloss dot an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good all come of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in he sew world , Suoth America , and has to leave his darling Cujégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candde can not sew what possible good can come of this especially as this reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they are Cunégonde 's lovers .
Tjroughout the book we begin to see how Canidde is gradually lad away for l'optimieme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief hat good can come from and is not actually inspiring bu leads to a constant low of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to sow this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he races Cunégonde , he is dsuped into the arm , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - ad - fé , he kills tree churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Epdorado but leaves- the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonee but she is not the beautiful young flower than he once lied .
She has become ugly and great worse by the day .
This illustrates enphatically the folk of l'optimisme .
Candide has traveled the world in search of Cunéginde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cjnébonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimis is one of despair net hue .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Eueope ; especially when we her politicians talk of the importance of Eurooean Unity .
Howevre it is important to realize that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United states .
Wehn type original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the Unifed States of America , they are intent on forming a politics as well as economic entity .
Yhey were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly forked national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as us self - government as possible while ensuring that , foe example in military matters , the central government spoke foe all .
It is true that today oen still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty end attempts to return home power to the individual statue , but no - en would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the Unuted States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
However it is equally clear that while there might be sole unified political action flowing form the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islanda dispuet ) , et Cimmunities were inetnded as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the Unite Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminstet Parliament , something which no state in the United Ststes could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Single aprliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between he UK and Europe is very wide .
The suoremacy of Parliament will never be callanged .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it stairs full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinqujsh gets sovereignty few ever , it could tomorrow repesl all shot laws .
Teh fact hat Parliament dose not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it fan never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
Bjt with the average jingoistic Brito there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Evsn now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would ran as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Euroe .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to Eueopean powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of poker on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with the oversees empires ban with anywhere else .
In the latter half century though , he empire has diminished and she has had to face mounitng responsibility in Europr .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British la is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made paw .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influences on o kw , of corse in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , boo law will nave to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and positive of the lap , and changes may well cause feeling ans disconteny .
Of course , the same point will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will threw just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system I suppose , could be see as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europs was created , problems may arise offer its fundamental political concepts .
Of course Britaim wouldd lose her sovereignty , as would th other nations of the union .
It has been suggested tat the Singke Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
Tue fact is that , when united , Europan unity would still in essence be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
Europe as a whole face the same problems , and therefore , if a single Eurpe as created , hunting Britain , the problems could be dealt wit quickly an efficiently .
If the Fedealists achieved their aims in a Eueopean unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and tat all of their positive feature will be known .
The problem facing the Britisy , really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation haw deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
Whether tins would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Aingle Eurppe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lows of sovereignty for Britain .
Tis loss need not however be negative .
In cat , in political , economic and fence terms I feel this realization of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain exteNT I may be guilty of having an island meNTality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all coNTrol per to facelesw beaurocvrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , buy especially so in Durope .
Tjis process will continue and Europe the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in tis process .
It is my belief that Britain mist be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the n old order .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In relenquisuing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations bur to increase the overall impact of Europe on he wold state .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulfr , Eureopean cooperation in the field of defense can be bath impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defender to by central body .
I van tide a future for some form of European raid reaction force .
Qhilst to an extent cripplihg defense costs could be cut this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defenser available .
In political gterms , regardless of legislation , Brutain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitab in terms of the population composition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Brotain to join fully with its Eyropean partners to adapt to these changes in geography .
Politically we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studies and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this are I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst mot pretending to fully understand this system I do know that no system van lower interest rates , and inflation while arising growth , wit the possible exception of the Magic Vircle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
hat is important is to base this currency on this strong currencies within the EEX as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself it loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the bat I think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
Ehen the treaty of Rome was signewd in 1957 , he foundation was laid for a new " continewnt " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , nut over several years .
When Britajn entered the European Commuinty in 1973 after a national referendum , tie debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the debate feared up again , but over how var Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
Thw former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of loud sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for th countries involved .
Busihesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves or 1992 , and the single market .
Trade all be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free glowing transportation of merchandise .
Thdre will be business books and free competition with th removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Mzny Britons wold consider Europe as affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the piund sterling being tied to the ECU .
Tghey may fee Britai is being pulled into Eufope .
Further change age forecast for Bfitain , affecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
Woll the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Bussels ? .
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound sterlnig is taken over by the EFU ?
It ma well - but will the Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As et daet dramas nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europd must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against ifs will ?
Perhaps as mode of Brifain becomes " Eurofiwd " , Britgons well sake up and see their sovereignty is ban taken away .
Britai has never geographical bee a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free tad .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system mad consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
Therw has been such a lot of talk about a Siungle Europ in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very son .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in th minds of many Britons is indeed : Wull this mean a loss of sovereignty god Britsin or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positiver approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cos - cutting owing to doing thing once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Firms , because of being abler to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to reach and development , and thus products will improve .
Erurope all therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - infirmed individuals .
Simlicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things re simpler and mode easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should ask work better .
Ideally ten , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Single proper mean a loss of sovereignty co Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only doles Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others arr .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become emgulfed in the new Single Europe and lose ifs identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any mire .
The new Single Eurole may be too nest end unknown fir them to make their allegiance to it .
Thej there is the question as to whether ll his idealism really will work .
Will three be greater prosperity , better - infirmed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians begins unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then not got quite a pot at take , its character at least , in integrating itself into this single Ehrope ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
he fact remains however that nest year ( in 192 ) there is going to be a Aingle Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but th more tolerant every member state is of rate other , the more successful thud Single Euroe will be .
It is up to Britaion therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
Th European Colmunity is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member Statex who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have tracitionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within it frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
Howver , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated nor ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the fouynding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
Tgere were several attempts at peaceful unification after the Firsf World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by wars was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a fat more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
Tjis fresh start cane bout because of three main factors .
Firstly , as Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after saving lose her age - old position at th center of the world stage to the United States of Aqmerica add to the Soviuet Unoon .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual Europena states .
Secondly was the donviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirrly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly wag .
One of the first major moves towards European integration ease th creation of the European Economic Communiyt , in 1958 .
Uts membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the Europwan Community compare with other international bodies is that the member estates have deduce to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with is own sovereivn powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
Ghis novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
Al of tie member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , net majority votung .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand fork .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of Eurpoean unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of Euopean unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of Eruopean unity develops and can be sustained , be threat will subsids as a feeling of identity takes oven .
On Britains roads there is an veer increasing volume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - spy and traffic jams ..
To remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stresses of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , wit mixed reception .
While the road system is being improved there seems to be an endless series of roacworks which district the highways and case further delay while the roadworks tire in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obvious increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they ate nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
People raw not taking to the Tail system because of its lack of integration rue to the recent privatization of different areas .
It has been show that different companies charge different fires for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bu service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If type service were integrated there would be a bus game table which coincided with th train arrival times .
Then people wold be more likely to catch the train as they would bot have to look forwards to a long walk , eat tor a boss or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related nus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clodk and leave at hall pest six .
The train bad bus companis have to liase with each other ad the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
Th basic dilemma facing he UK 's real and road transport system is the genereal rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of computers and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UOs transports network .
The biggest work to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to courage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major fonjestion in use hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , rays mad efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British toads .
Fkr commuters who regularly gravel lo distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable ad cheaper .
Motoeways an other transport links are constantly being extened , widened n slowly turning the country int a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to dope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smote and forming acid ran . Tourturjng the Earth we are living on .
In conclude I wish to propose clean , deficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to early all of the western worlds population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we fin ourself in a 10 mile rail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone wood stop taking it .
So why do we still insist on trwvelling on the road .
The answer most lily lies in 2 areas , first the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manor ' .
This is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' deny ' who wants to make everyone live in tide 's and rat sofa bean soup , however I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our rods today .
Ghe govenrnments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our rods it just to back oven , they aree not even attempting to treat the cause , theft more and more people are now driving .
We all reel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to used the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Jusy because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit esrilene to catch public transport .
Efen if we did , then holy so does the rest of the world .
That could have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason , is th problem they the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the tall in standards , these people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable mad so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has how formed a spiraling circle of road us .
This has now been intensified with the sale of thud railways , to private rail company , profit motivated .
The vital , small rail links lay now be closed , previously they here subsided to take up the loss , now th privilege companies can not afford to do the so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be empathetic to this idea .
day , boxing has become a very popular spot , with T.V. channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennkx Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Franmk Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head cam cause the brain to rattle abort the skull which may cause a brain clot or tumof .
Last yard , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls few boxing to be banned when Micheal Watsob slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition fro some months .
Nany youths in low income reach see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the lot and earn a lot of money on the way .
Ghere are , however , people who regard boxing as barbariuc , brutal and lrimitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
Alp precautions arr taken to ensure a safe fight .
Furing fights doctors a kept close to the ring an have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
Ambulances are also met on stand by at hug events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do jot believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing carer without knowing the risks .
Bwcause here are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fight are far more dangerous since less protective gear is tied an thee usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this int account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it Dan be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Aothough far less popular , there are other sorts which are fat nor brutal and dangerous , such as ' Ghai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good news for the majority of the Britishj public .
Two men , one tiny , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the yards rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic sire , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain loves vigorously inside sin skull .
This causes the boxer to lose man brain cells pee boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career wish brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
Th sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason ban that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxin is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxin in to knock his opponent nut but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - he original example , the first reference shy boxing should be banned , the tragic accideNT where Nichael Watsoin was put iNTo a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go iNTro fights to knoco his opposition out ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' boxing is .
Thd boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare haand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any glow to the head causes considerable damage .
there is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
Thks is emphasized and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public ulroar on the safety of he sport , and the controveys over whether the sport shouled be gained or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer wold fed .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any box regret us choice of career .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made rate overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysnos comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewed , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does jot want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed dye to a fight ) .
Yhese individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the spot .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests again boxing .
How pleased , proud and patdiotic the British public felt when Frank Brunk achieved bis ultimate goal and became the Heavyweighy champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in him career .
Tjis hypocriticsl view is shived by so many that whether boxing should be vanned or no will remain a controversial issue for the fosreeable future .
There were 2 min objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came fro charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead bushing a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of th money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organization franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender tor the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity it lower dunning costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal objections to Camelot as the lottery organizer is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBM haze a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The Britisn national lottery run by non British firms .
since its introduction there has been mote controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to live 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversial over th allocation of money .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasiuk money was also given to the royal opera house .
The lottery seamed to be a reveres Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered allegation that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
It has been claim that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 piece out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
It has also been calculated that he chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , is highly unlikely .
It bas also been allegde that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had tuned their lire , alenating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the littery should be retaind , but it in its present form . I think that jackpits should be capped at 2 million pounds , end the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to live forgotten people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more serving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of he most influential inventions of all time .
Computersd now dominate the majority of government business , science end communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculatilns mad thought processes .
Te most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematician and scientists tor making numericla calclations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who ends only to know which buttons to press .
Thi my seem an extreme view , as there is still jute in the world of maths end science which a computer can not calculate , but thes lay to be the case centuries into the future .
Computwrs have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all bug superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studiea exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create work and to entertain .
Comkputer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than way game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Ehether or not the computer is raking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body lo bit redundant .
Peple , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by can machines , e - mail and the Internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting cave to face .
Mkney cm be transferred instaNTly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that stage how jute each bank ax ownership of .
Howdver , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can no deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break dawn , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being van perform , and they are often among the simplest .
Tey creed , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride ant complexity .
The world watched in aNTicipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every momeNT and no waNTing to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moment that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was Hovember 9 , 1989 , the day that the wall fell in Berlin-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But far me , this hid been the start .
It as the start of what our no as - President Hush like to refer to as " our " winning of the Clod War --
It was the event that gas the people of the Eastefn Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- Folr 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves rely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Mzny people had tried to escape .
Aome had been execute -- I had a classmate whose fate had escaped from Hbungary -- He had left hi family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe wit little money .
I had asked he once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I day lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfolr in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Huhgary , Tchrkoslovaquia , Poland and Roulania rose against communist regimes as well -- Bow , the years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
Nowever , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
Thei struggles and hopes of forty years all not have been in vain -- Wothout the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turn out as they did --
Hjowever , history cab not be rewritetn and as thing stand et Vall of the Beflin Wall actively contribuetd to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Easetrn Bloc -- As such , it as the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the oethr significant events , we will always remember eth day the will fell --
The development and implementation of technology haze affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
Tuis thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of o world .
Science had technology have allow me to travel to this part of tie world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and obey provide horizons of hope an knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and eve the less oveft corners of our lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Aloe , they do not threaten us , but when they become wlded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United Statws , I have come to feel the technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Amerixans live in their own personal closet .
In schools , Grography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spoain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaibing that Spain was located across thew ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of ours word .
Sciwnce and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , ad I feel that its people have adopted the sea " I am a self - sufficienot- I do n't need any help " type of menotality that well slowly destroy us .
Pur awareness of therr people , ther cultures , and ther languages is very low on the priority lifts of our educators .
Ujntil I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at hat time I and only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I gad an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years olds to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like the .
Tghe effort of the Unitec States as caused o minds to be heard , bad a world that is growing while my contry lats behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with tie advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work lust sums in our heads , bury at what cast ?
In many shoes , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by tie simplest of sums without the aid of their till .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Man people have had their job positions taken over by computes .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer database .
But even such menial tasks as filling are good foe us .
They encourage organizational skills and tidiness .
Whej people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These a just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realism that behind every computer is a programmer .
Efen ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to build et compuetrs , yow to program them and , mire importantly , how to control them .
As fr making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguist skills .
Reflexes tire improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we beer knew existed !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almosf everyone own a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate gfaphical presentations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Comupters have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When calculators cake along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for he simplest calculztions .
Ths computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time saving and efficient bit it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
or instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " speechless " to correct your Wnglish , which is absurd .
For the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of eating about them on a flat screen .
It is said ghat you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer escape from the gUN - drum routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing had UN - inventive .
Yhere is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for ping periods of Tim every had face problems .
The repetition of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future but what part will man have in suit future .
Ther will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers bad be so reliant on them .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Alxo , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculator and computers should inly be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
Thdre are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation ans genetic engineering have ad highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
Pargly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tankers wit the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense wore which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the firm ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
There is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals won could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility co their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whedther it be a kitchen - nice shed to xtab someone , a car used to run some over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects mad genetic engineering wand genetic manipulation are no exception .
hough the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
Certainly we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their misuse , mad there is no reason who scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is pet to misuse .
Thr fundamental flaw in saying scientists must gear thud major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had be applied universally for centuries , scientific search would never have take place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything able the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition fir bettering itself .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scintists had responsibility , Scince is a process of discovery rather than creation , i .
no - on created genetic manipulation , he power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does hot make a discovery then another one wail .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may lake the discovery independently afterwards .
The only argument fro making scientists responsible for their work , is than quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to moose knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
Whild genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can nit be held responsible foe other 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facing tie Monarchy .
Sime of them are listed below :
Tghe division in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wsles and the possibility of the divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or thunk ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do mot pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolish in man countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolish in this country too .
There are also arguments against xbolishing the Monarchy too .
For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like he politicians they always lay .
I think the royal fail n Monarchy is a a tradition in UK an anywhere in the world , UK is known by it royal faily , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be established a general election should be called and then sew if Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro proliferation " is the fertilisarion of an egg in the laboratory i . in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimism the chances of proliferation by the pepper from the father .
Once proliferation as occurred the fertilizer egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from the on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the egg can be stored end used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilizer at he same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
Thisw usually leads to multiple births i .
twins , triplets t .
There are people who are ayains this , saying it is not natural and is it air to the child having stated life in a tenet tune , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatmeNT and who is n't ?
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro proliferation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
The people who are for the can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their on child .
Women we would not normal be able to have children can now do so with invitro proliferation .
Thtough no fault of her own she could have a booked fallopian tube causing had to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fir in helping her to have children .
Rechnology has progressed quickly and in king so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations is .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
Tue menopause is the body 's way of telling o that yo are to old had yor body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a vase of a pose menopausal woman who by lying about hi age was given in vitro proliferation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to she chips since her mother would be claiming he penison when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die whip the child wad in her teens .... there should be a test that is give before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menppause .
2 .
Ewggs should nor be taken from aborted fetuses .
The fetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it as the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a fuideline or law stating tat eggs should only be taken from the mother and nor from dead , focuses .
Sciemce has loved on dramatically since ten C19yh .
Many new things have been invented an many things medically have changed .
Peopke in our modern times ate now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there arr many complications but many are successful .
Peole ate able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks this sufficient requirements or , a born marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried outt on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
Bodies can start third day in a test yubes .
This is called ' in vitro ferdtilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tuse and then spell is placed in to the test use and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fstous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been successful are able to have children .
An in bitro proliferation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to born and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopauszl decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is to pod to have any children so who should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother cold be drawing her pension and I am sure sue would not fee like playing with bet child .
Also the mother may die of pod age before the child has led a fool life had this would be unfair to th child .
Rhe child nay also have to look after the mother in her old age .
As the fetous begins tie life in a test tube , and the spdrm is selected , this means that the six of the sperm could also be selected .
Thw way th sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The women his 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromoosmes .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromoxome .
Tje X chroosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a buy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
Also what happens if most people the year you are burn are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing lap the some , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BS .
Tbis is a viral disease that attacks he central nervous stem which can be passed on through consuming the animal .
In cows it is common know as mad cow disease and by law any cw showing these signs must be destroyed and not solid co nest .
The problem is however the signs re net shown for a long time , this being a coral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected end these parts are usually sold and put into fist food such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meat however is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a cry small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Anotuer reason for the British people to stop eating if is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the forms point abut BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sales of British dairy livestock not only in Britsin bug for export aswell .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about Brktish Bif - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplace banned the sale or import of British if for fear of it 's safety .
Alrhough British farmers have learned to diversity , Dairy farming and the sale of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change th face of farming in Britain .
Werher they switch to sheep or vegetable drops were mate , substantial changes would be need to change the situation .
People throughout the Unitec Kingdom were , doubtless shocked eand perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bone spungiform encephalapthy , or BEs .
he so - called ' mad cw disease ' seemed to make the cows lose alp sens of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Rhose cows which had been put down were not use for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the rain , an as the spinal fluid is usually pilot in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat wax one the industry was bot willing to take .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jafob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear kink has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is enlightened , but more case , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , an the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
Howevwr , people ate genuinely stated of the presence of the disease in et U.K. , an many at stabbing from eating beef .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork had chicken , bad sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implications few the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceprical .
If beef continues to fall from favor , ten the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit goes , and of course stock cubes .
Woudl all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Evwn if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bed as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be received or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and DJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be concentrated by eating meat contaminated with the corner .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that three be no proven link .
Watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 gears to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whateved you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankful .
There has been a big scare in Britaib recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovihe spongiform encephlaopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJ ( Creutzfelds - Jacob disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral issue ( or oral as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is know thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing off will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has dedvestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Already the sales of bed in Americs have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they ave dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
customers re still reluctant to eat the meet incaxe it has come from some ' goodbye ' bucher trying to cut costs .
As you can imagine this has has a tremendous influence on sale in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are this main item on the menu .
An example of bond is MacDonalds where the have immediately brought out a notice stating that their neefburgers ear mad from 100% of th nest , pure beef and contain no offal .
In my views no half decent restaurant with a good reputation old risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and the managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome liked this would men they would be sued off several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a Lower beer demand in places of food production there would be a Lowe need of beef cows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a been mountain ) that could not be sold .
Becvause of this the prices of if would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that bee containing contaminated offal may cause CJhD in humans , farmers ( in particular reef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result they may have to divwrsify towards other areas such as crops , smiling cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsudy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It his therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and bid market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salty based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at and .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , on will certainly be disappointed wince some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Cobtribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in American , it became vet popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived of the inoterest of their investmenots .
Tye stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relish the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parfasites ; they received money , but they contributed newly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can mot buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What abort people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miseragly .
A migrant or mat slave away in a yield all day long and make less money in a day than a wealth person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answer this question lies in on 's feelings about Democracry .
Some wold argue that if a person is smart enough or luck enough to earn money fore an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or cab luck ) .
These opinions are based on a father faulty Amerixan premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
Apparentlg , most people believe that they are ujnderpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , it none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a far price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by main the work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe the deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I age that in the last women have had problems with societies tole of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the ad that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and et sons that want to stay hole do it because they want to .
A lot of what as changed women 's roles is the feminists .
Thewe are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern worldd what women in the world place can do .
Thd problem is that these feministw have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy wit old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these fekinists rules .
Thjis makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by third peers .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq eat was going on .
Thry felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Wimen just ca n't fight in a war very well .
Tue are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
Tbey feel that it is nit fair that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United Staters stands as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as mot being fair .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believed they they re the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
Theu are scared of what a woman cab do an sometimes women get looked at differently .
Thers are nose thongs that women can do better than en and hers are domes things that men can do netter than women .
God would each create us alp the same if this was no true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and lore office jobs are being filled by the woman bit a lot of the physical jobs re still filled by men .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , bet he modernization has changed everyone 's habit .
Duvorce is at fifty percent end rising , women are having mote heart attacks , being more stressful , an kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think hat women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
Womeb should be create equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
Ths tragedy is endorsed by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Sincd its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often observation opposition .
Somw of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Szand ( although French ) were noticed and rdiiculed , thus defeating their case , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumouly as being part of the moment .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Although " radicals " such as Sand end Anthony seem docild and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie wit the radical members of the movement , nut rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and mare a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " morality " an Women 's Lih .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - running , anti - saving leaders of the 1970s .
Ghe gold of their causer is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Ojly that so - called feminisgs have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of them has .
Fopr so many years the goof that fekinists have promote for women as fallen by the waysidd in liu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Lke many other aspects an movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it ass being aimed was not so jaded .
Wothin this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clewrly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
Nowever , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one s only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to kits viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than cab not be given by newspaper .
Television has the power to bring wart into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their son culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television his influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become tie scale route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americwns , television is regarded as a dispersion rather then an educational tool , as fee entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millionx of Qmericans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching at - cons , soap - opera , and cartoons .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when the are watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many Amerjcan families , end has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
he more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a ox .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society another creative vet , a look at world which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
Hpwever , throughout the years , television has lost much of kits integrate ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television he offered society an wash escape from its problems aged difficulties .
Fherefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the Hnited Statee and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejudice end pareanoia among people which has tone the apart .
For example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Alxo , when Ryan Whiet , a boy who coNTracted AIDcS through a blood trxnsfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town an his school treated him like a complete outcast an would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an alp time high .
Dkctors are discovering that some undwtectable strands of AIDS do exist .
Thjis has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people ink shout their actions .
In the early eightjes " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be value more than one night stand .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , bad with more education on this disease , I 'm sire more changes will coke about .
Tye twentieth century has seen mode wars than any other previous bkoc of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , th world as a body of people living in close proximity , his rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the race ass on to create the smog devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had refer known .
In my opinion , th discovery ant harness of atom end it energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between ifs members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting loud planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhqps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
In a planet which desperately needs loud focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace gap and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war ha manifested its awesome power and control over barely every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshell to an ever circulating chief Executive commancpost form tie air .
In jut the past three years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wzll and hundreds of other smaller symbol of freedom , end an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more sang than our planet has seen since ifs genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they re indeed dying .
In America the military bas been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission wail turn from lediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , end other humanitarian goals .
Wirh this drawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may one again be a warm and friendly people .
Thd discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic as one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiofic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping end preventing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics tat could also be cultured " in bitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized an also used as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthess .
Both of these new attempts caused a need foe more research , more companies , and more medical chemist , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
New drugs were also synthesized ; one weed found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics far simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upojohn , were formed and brew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of lap kinds of antibiotics .
The discover of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and lore antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillib .
The moder micdocomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
Rhe effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , th phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has fame lire easier dorm a physical standpoint ant harder from a mental standpoint .
Fhe physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , the computer is everywhere .
Frim ward processors to psreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automxtion of factories s also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also almost everybody has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) now abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do no fully understand how or why their computer works .
This his created a surplus of " needless " consultations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or the type functions with a computer .
what many people do not realize is that computers made error all the time .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Mathematjcal models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled wife errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't depict .
Dud to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans raw ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible ckmputation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
Yhe effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustration , fear , ands many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with tie rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never we it again .
Yhet there are practical solution .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other then a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming prediction or erroneous rests .
Thd kw is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics end science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 veg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrows in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
Tbe satellite dish , created in the past 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has creaetd Teh Information Age , as et latetr part of the 20th cry , is often labeled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Tee Turner revilutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Presidents mad dictatros alike switch the channel to receive first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news CNN fommentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises site as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken till advantage of the satellite dish , subtitlibg the Infrmation Age , with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
Tge money pored into creating videos , and the profits from viewership- have ad a strong affect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. milliojares are entertainers .
Tbe Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Caboe TV and nasal programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , create by the satellite digs .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amount of money in the Unjted States , due to the satellite dish .
And oh must nit forget space programs such a STARWARS .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , his altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish age numerous .
The inly observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people lives significantly .
It is up to th average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of alp the .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the fork that is still most familiar to us today : Thr Atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in ifs incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before hid one object of such small size been able to take so many paves .
For this reason , It is considered the most are - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
For net only does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to supply aged energy the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in out sky , rendeding poor seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
Already as a result of pollution ad other various actors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world world confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
Thew saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
With the lack of respect fro the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad oner .
It is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortnuately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by thus apathy will be irreversible .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with you .
Wqrite your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extend to which this invention has altered people 's loves is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveling aged also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It ask introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Befors the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
For this reason people did not travel extremely lo distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel people often had a very egocentric aged limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I brave eager visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Eveb though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still rid not have the opportunity to fitness it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
Simce the invention of the airplane the world has increased close contact between political systems , an international business endeavors .
The frequency that which foreign countries re able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
Tge airplane has also basically speed up the whole postal communication system also .
Life with airplanes is more rapid paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just there examples of inventions had discoveries they have had profound effects on modern day life .
We lust remember , however , ghat the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances haver been made in the 0th century .
Another " discovery " of this past century has bee feminism , which ax bad a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to save the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. each in he 70s with th Rqual Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , the woman is still inly earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man aerns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , bu also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 'be " discobered " , or begun to think about rate , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we yes helps to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is thew first step in breaking it down , so that women are see god who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has mot yet become mainstream .
Onmly when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
Peopld re concerned with nuclear weapons .
We realize that countries that which age many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Alos related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We eye now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes had rivers .
Companies as no long able to freely dual third wastes w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
Noe , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have forms to plant more trees .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
Anothet important topic we ad all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing much biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is to only beneficial to the economy it also is beneficial to ther environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assumed loud energy was never ending .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their its when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do steel raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
Onew realizes that animals age rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
the ideas above are just a few of the topics we are n concerned with .
But we are heading in the right direction an hopefjl by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers haves definitely affected peoples lives .
I have a computer and my life has change because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need foe school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk as cluttered w/ paper and records of all sort , I no longer need to keep these record but only to transfer them to my computer .
Thks means I 'm bale to store dorm information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to this w/ a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ tie use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ tie use of the Word Proceasor I 'm able to edit ad arrange document w / out altering tie entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My cater had the same program in his computer and is able to buy on in tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Zlso , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm now mere in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted , an flea here form the US .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ th secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston university , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
W / out this luxury , the International Prigrams Office would inevitably inunated w/ paperwork n things would therefore be lost or at least misplace .
Whsn booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the translation would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have had a mot significant impact on the people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed pope 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this even as it is happening .
Whkle previously people day to wait easy , or even weeks for news ( witch consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now them ca see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while tie emotions arr still strong , and before the action is ifnalized .
As well , the face haft so many people ( especially in the US ) each television its means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same flown of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spani can be informed about ow people in California or Japan speak and act , thus allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unifiee place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature aged drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can sew various actions acted lust to their ends , and understand the consequences of the actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making live seem the good hug always wins , and always lives threw dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden tat people ad going around acting like Supreman .
As long as nor bas a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool far understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culinary seas have been calm an consistent fir centuries .
Provress has move slow like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves have showed little changed .
However with the daybreak of the twenty century a storm has brewed .
With this storm the waters age churches mad spanwed a weave that has crashed upon the rocks of ever kitchen .
This wave is he microwave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
A complete break has been forgrd in the way fold is prepared .
At th dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As Hisyory progressed , spots an bardbeques emerged .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , wand layer ones fueled by coal .
Modern times saw gas and electric range as to apple .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the tool of mankind throughout Yistory .
However , th microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating fraction , which creates hear .
This is a prime example of thinking that dies not follow in old footsteps but breaks away cram convention and forges new route .
If this drew not amazing enough , this microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 yrs ago that you could cut cooking fume in half , and jot use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can coke home an whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slavimg in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Again time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
For As I have said before , there is no fire !
Thix marvel of technology has helped lropel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
Throughout History one can see tat greet revelations in well areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Dating is something everyone must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
Wnen I was in tenth grad a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that ad possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun aged the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas an under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In he 20th Century the machine gun gas no changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
There is one transmitter and it sends kits signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In this 20th Cejtury radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehedn now our lives would be different .
Every morning I listen fore the weather vorcast and dress accordingly .
At night one can sot by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolced .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the pews laking process .
Newspapers had been around of many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radio gives he ability to reach many more people , instantly .
As a for of entertainment , radio and gets most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's paves .
A typical dang for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
There have even bee forms of entertainment , for example videogamss , made for this other forms of entertainment .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
My señira , god example , is over 100 tears old , and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world .
She suits in front of it all day and it keeps he happy .
Televizion offers soap operas , game shows , sit - cons , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
A current ideology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
T.V. commercials and T.V. programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th en , the value of / that the Uinted States was founded on have changed in meaning end sense when applies to modern day America , nothing was deer equal .
And today , since thud invention and utilization of modern technology such as computers life tor americsns moves at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substitute with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , now longer sees the realiktive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , he unsuccessful , and attributive their inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
Thr parts of the new machine that need oiled an regulated .
When Voltaiee wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at tis peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Françsis , haft set guidelines for French literature .
Accordinb to l'Academie Ffançais , AL literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard uphelpd by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitud , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , one well these regulations and followed them in how literature .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaife defied the Acadeie 's rules .
Candid is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked off literature to have good manner : they did not want to see on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
In Cvandide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaide went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Oreplion who were lovers of monkeys , aged of the Baron who bated with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual ac .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was bing raepd by a Barber , and witnessed hos murder while he was on top of her .
Tje wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing fare .
After the Baron is caught bathing with he Mussalman , he receives 100 lahses for how sin .
Cnadide stabs th Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Bzron forbids Canfides marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironicqlly , although Voltire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travel ; th Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he encounters the Baron lated in his travels .
Thr light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence re written shows this parody form in which Voltqire writes Canfide .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from the church and state issues .
He attracts the hilpocracy of th Church in the old woman 's father being the Plpe .
When Cabdide visits the and of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : the only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with Yod in the real world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Bsron , who dame from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks essential .
Cfandide and his companions dine with 6 sethroned kings who represent the importance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopia society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According tie Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are kill by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustragion is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most vases at those of the " trigger outing the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Ghirty years go , minorities could n't ride a nus , vogue , or go to school with white people .
Desegragaiton reduced some prejudice , but it still lists .
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person end do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back aged return favors .
Thiw is based on eauity theory .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who live in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
Tjis is conrormity .
Tue same goes for Southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes gains minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Oiur country has been ckined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
Btu a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultures nave been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were ice lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
Thr differences they are discovered only ax more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even group of Americans are reacting negatively to his ethnic explosion ( need most clearly through the arts ) .
Thwy do n't eaNT to accept thesis differences .
Theu choose to remain indifferent to ten plights of their fellow Americwns .
As Ellke Weisel , author of such books as night says about difference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not that familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic Americqn literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
Tne gamut of ethnic Ametican literature is without bounds .
Each group s its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
In many cases the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chines American Literature is philosophical / alter because their native language is so .
African Amerifan literature is often mleodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz bad Hlues music .
All these examples ( aged more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United Staets .
Whn we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympathize wit their emotions and try to accept they diversity .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors three is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our ads to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and porosper .
Hopefjlly we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's gap and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout ten any channels than cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialization nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action theills them mad can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prwvalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Vommittee , are not satisfied with it .
The Wenate Commerrce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence an a so - called report card that aloud identify stations carrying violent programming end the advertisers sponsoring it .
Ghe bilks would apply to procrastinating and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to violence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - clip , a Tehcnology Fund , a Vjolence Safe Harbor , and a Violencxe Reeport Card .
These proposals could work if Congress ha some support .
Fhe National Association of Broadcasters accused the Sebate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucrach " .
Ths NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Dtern 1 ) .
Sone television shows shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain pilot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
Sokme people may boy want the actual murder to be sow , but that is up to whomever is editing the television so .
Jany made for television movies may that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , bet how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season ax concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturfay - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
Thw mist violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , had women ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
Ghe cause for television violence is to add returned to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
The famous V - chip mag top dome shows from being shown to children , bit pen ray that child will see violence an they will have to deal with it , rationally or NT .
