It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psycholgy because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a foot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
Those rich people will buy a car , but our people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that it is very convenient to drive a car because you carry more things in your own car than traveling by car .
Anyway , you 'll meet friendly people who would usually ask you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car , I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in month you realize the importance of public transport .
In India we have various types of public transport , like Ctcle , bikes , Caxr , trains & flights .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
Bjt Generally speaking , traveling by far is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I had recently to Avra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We stopped at hotels to have food and , just in case if none of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when traveling by train & flight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap in the back seat and wake up fresh .
For For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that traveling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarwh .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you give me the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favorite sport is volleyball because I love to play with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport played everywhere . When I travel on the beach I like to play with my sister in the sand and after that we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young I liked play with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you about some advice on traveling and working in my country .
On the other hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevolla , Vzlencia .
These are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta led Sol " , " Kas Cibelesd " .
I sit in Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want , I pool you for a job from you .
My best friend is looking for a person responsible for looking after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after her every weekend .
Are you interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to meet you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Toda public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in a mass transport system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating costs running their own far .
But they can find a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane traveling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continues to have a future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them while we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , the car cuts more money than public transport .
By car , we can just ask ourselves which cab would be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people the age without . But if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both transportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarily to end up with the public transport .
If I had to choose between both transportations I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by car .
In my community , we ad vet interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to lake compost in the las garden , with worms who eat and grade all the organic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also make talks and presentations about the earth 's problems like global warming , pollution , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science feather .
All these initiatives have made us all over the years a recognized ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . Why did I choose it ? Football is an international sport . People around the world will love it so much , like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premidr , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that ill will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michaeo was a little kid when he had a dream that was : be a super hero !
After many years , he still dreams of becoming a super hero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thought that this profession was more similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university and he knows a girl called Katd and he gets loved here and she gets loved by him .
Kate ass cursing the University of Fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day , Michael told him his dream of being a super hero . Kate was so nervous , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming but it would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and mid eating that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
He got so mad that he asked him to get out of his department .
On the following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they get to the home of Mihcael , they fight again and Michael gets a knife and kills her .
He cried with a lot of blood around him .
Michael got away from them .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings mountains of benefits to our society .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , tqipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
The car is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans too .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by cars .
It causes global warming , which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disasters happened in decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
The NG Ogfice is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments can be found more easily when this process starts right away
The pleasure of traveling
People went , people came .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trace ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There were a variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
However , the better option is to get off a train .
There is n't comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of traveling is travel at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many different kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future , there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business man happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern society , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
A big project could not be finished without co - operations .
Friendx could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things happening around us .
Lore importantly , parents give our lives and they give us knowledge and skills or the ability to live in this world .
In such cases , families play important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn bow to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a male from our parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to the families , the ideas would come to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , families are very important friends in our lives .
Computing Technology has been advancing very much these recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every site discovered .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting with the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Pld Computers used to occupy one entire room . Now , they only are the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable computer , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Ols computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connecting to the Internet , wars or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , bet thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of modern computing , is the interpret , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . view Ethernet fable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gdt trek m
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks pooling for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't fund anything , I went to the place where he lives and started to look for some information about his life and fund people who he was about . So , as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house so i decor to follow him to the house and i fun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfriend so i finally got an idea , i would drive him crazy ust as he did with me , that way sh will think he had problems on his mind and let him , but son i thought about it again and realized that if i didd that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of teach , us as he dids wish me !
Buy wait a minute , Am I really so angry about making this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind , I did NT and had no longer had control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction i would feel when i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
But I got so mad at him and so ansiouns to making life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through . became stronger and bigger . I had made a deposition I was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life torturing me and not waNTing me to be happy i ould the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and i o NT stop uNTil i had accomplished my goals
I do not agree with the idea completely .
On the one hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient as a gift the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue for traveling by car .
My Favourite sport
I was born to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television , I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Prrmier Ldague , Lugue 1 or Luga BBVA .
My favorite clubs are Benfica and Deal Maddid , where Ronalfo plays . He is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold Bell in 2014 .
I play football for a Portuguese club called Vapenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in Footbapl and winning the gets championship , the Uefa Chajpions League and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Chamlpions Keague is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favorite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my dad .
His dream is to become the next captain of a bi team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jobny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technolkgy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like personality characters , so I like children .
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities or views to make the competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smile at people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their smiles all day .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have a passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response . Thanks .
Public transportation has been more used by people over the years . It is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe , but some people prefer cars to an extent we agree with and our reasons for that is what ad we are going to demonstrate in this essay
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transport and people rarely owned cars , so in the years there was no good facility to travel from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . In about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became cry supported by having hrs own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities for traveling are more convenient , from cars to buses , even tins and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster , but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling it from crowded places
To summary , it is different from one opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end , cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the rate of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures , and with low - budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
The development of the diesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment will bring biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosts economic growth and opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GEP ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one , odds matter that one thing should be taken care of the people and organizer of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue in today 's fate .
Tovernment should take immense action to stop it or at least calm it slow down .
However , we people have a really important part in making words .
active and a good government understands the value of taking care of trees and water and Sir and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everybody has to plant a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government .
People do not realize that cutting trees can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Adritionally , the city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of a clean , safe , fresh environment in the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighboring cities to take part in cleaning up the environment so one tad it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football .
In our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
Uaually I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I ran 1 - 2 kilometers had my legs get power and my body got energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us on how to improve our football skills .
His main saying is " must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say that the coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
Ghe got first place as we tied with us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and disorganized .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in TEAKS such as Smhatar or Dtnamo .
Footbxll is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It was really nice to tour expressly e - sail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't three with me . I 'll describe everything precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I made no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years ago so I can speak with them in Spanish if it is necessary .
Also , I assisted on a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a short time ago , however , I still keep type rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All the members congratulated me , as well .
In the ithee band , I took care of my brothees and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve a job , or a hobby far from me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport should n't suffer from the shortage in demand .
Because everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Beskdes there are loss of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where your best friend can help each other and now each other .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parentot when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know any members of my family . I do n't trust gem , honest .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cold weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and have tie pleasure and have a try their own food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like key chakns , statues , or else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand but believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and spend an hour .
I love Lentin , a small city in Easat Sicily .
The local Ckuncil hasn't a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in a black sack .
Although the Council has begun to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Around the itch , you will find many places where people get vertigo , kitchen , " amino " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lengini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We sit in the park or we talk about our tastes , mucus , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live in situations that I did not like . . For instance , the girls said me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the roast moment in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this was one of the worst days of my life .
That night I cried because I felt that I did not have any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together we went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knee text them and they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has always been with me .
Zlso is very tunny and I laugh a lot with him .
I like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking various desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient means of transportation , which made the public transportation system long behind motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy traveling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I thought up the idea of if I worked in summer camps , I would improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting for your answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students were very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying from now , I will do it .
The lessons are fun
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have sewn your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying .
I speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . Besides , I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think the difference is whether our lives respect either our parents or our grandpareNTs parents . example , my parents did n't watch TV , because we did n't watch TV on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at he mobilefone , the computer ed at pest the iNTernet.our grandpareNTs eoundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like cars are now popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as an important source of energy for traveling and manufacturing . Tins sources of energy do n't always maiNTain at the constaNT level , but someday they will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro , use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these two types of energy , traveling using public transport will become much cheaper than a private car .
The rang of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , traveling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perspectives , these problems are led by the over - use of personal vehicles .
People lack realism that using their own car is just to waste their time in traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
Ecah person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect their own life .
In conclusion , investmeNTs in developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services have a bright poteNTial and its stance in the future ca n't be replaced
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free for the weekend , have any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these types of book .
I went to the temple in the morning , followed by lunch at the hotel . Latter in the evening , I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel few better education prospects and the environment the younger generation to grow up .
Two effects of brain draih are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of the lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of brain - drawing should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimension and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There is n't so much oxygen at the op of Everest to breathe easily .
Jordan Romero turned 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Evwrest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I go to parties with my friends .
They listen to music and can sing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his friend .
Jose is the best song . He is singing and taming in the party .
Another person is Anyel . He does n't dance in all places .
He prefers to study in your nose .
Hello Sometbing .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment I am visiting the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is a girl who is in my class . She is beautiful .
I love her look .
Hger eyes look like the sun .
But she ignored me .
I hope I can forget him .
Run for your life
My favorite sport is running .
I like to run fast , so fast in tact that it makes me feel as if I dun on air and my feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favorite place to dun is in the forest , but I like to run sports too .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of students .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you see running a little further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly has any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie problem should happen , he would be prepared because he had been watching Walkinv Dear for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less mute required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
television seems to be a controversial tool .
However , there is one reason : does television offer highly likely opportunities to tie audience in an educational way ?
Because of my experience knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmers broadened young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great large number of educational programmers , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens will know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational coNTeNTs , there are so many foul coNTeNT , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens are n't able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programs on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " the sailor 's restaurant " .
We can eat typical Italian food .
the last game I was here , I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of hell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great sea !
Aloso , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can speak all together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he paid us a reasonable price .
No future for public transport ?
Puglic transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has a future .
Currently , most people usually use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , because it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air hits XO2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use it on their own .
In addition , having a cat is very expensive .
First of all , you need to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future we will have .
I 'm in your employ , to serve in your company .
I am very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pay a little old .
I compleetd many tasks , including tutoring three students who did summer homework , correcting homework and diligently assisting the instructor . The instructor helped organize hzndouts , insetad of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene . It was very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
I work hard for months , pay a lot .
Your wage is paid much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wage , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that The government has to help public transport , for example , buses , trains , metro and more , for one reason : the quality of life against pollution .
Traveoling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search parking end for the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
Instead , in the small cities , it ca n't be stood in the same way , because the transport companies do not xonvenieNT invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tim Sawyer was a boy that lived with his auNT Polly and she had to punish Tom because times Fom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Hck . They talked a lot and Tom exchanged a sci for his tootu .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Befky , so Tpm talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tok said to her about another girl , so she got and and she ignored Tom .
Tok was so sad because Becky did n't want to talk with him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Rom saw his house , he snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying at him .
So the next day , the people of the town went to church to head the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom went to the door and went in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned home up the hill , so the two boys considered it an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Ton and Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure to stop Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think ghat go should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " protein " and " kayak " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skills with them .
Recently , many South East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in the country .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathrooms dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he let the bathroom lime , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the center of the city in Banaglore , Ondia .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is about my favorite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I like doing it alone . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams spots , and I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me or I haven't wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on and before the operation he came with me and every dang I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her lot . I hated that !
Luckily the operation was fine and dye left to come with me , and from that day I have gone on my own .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me , but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend people who do not know how to swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they like it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that dance is a way to sell expressions .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Sance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or wet you wee sowing something to the audience , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practice every day , and you 'll keep practicing all day until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dance , or do dance classes .
Gou it does n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
It 's a home , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . We are sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . Its name is Chente . It is a golden retriber .
It 's a lover dog . He knows how I fled .
My oldest sister 's name is Cinthya . She is really weird to me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother . His name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is finamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are good guys .
Actually , I prefer pass my tie alone . I work in other tons so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kate Ashby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
sore poor face . You have to speak English of course . Maybe how how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cookies or broanies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our faces are going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappearing . After that , we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , as we will be eating cast food . On the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying on streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of that , we have to raise awareness of what is happening to help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
Tgey just had to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a ping between your opinion and your friend 's one .
First try , it o n't cost you much !
Good day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Volleyball , one of the most beautiful ports ever and I have been doing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- make me fit and healthy
2- classy fake no fricgion between players
3- it exercises ill muscles of the body
Regarding the above , I advise all rookiea to start doing this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , the adults they fan play it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of a village , we totally care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish , then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganic , we can make bags , hats and other stuff .
Then they can sell them and get income from them .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of sole , now made the earth rotate around herself and around the sun .
Why do we believe as Muskims that we have been created by an ono who does n't have others with him , The ono who created our father ( Adzm ) and created froom heel ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise end instructed to not eat room , but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and genorations came from them and had seNT the prophet and passengers ( Moses , Jwsus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same no ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide tie people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other path which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Transportation is at the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own vehicles rather than
public transportation . Nowadays , folks are more crazy about their own vehicles , which ladds adrk future of public transportation .
Firstly , I agree with the given statement that there will be tough times for public transportation in the near future.because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , these lodes of transportation cover
as much as possible in city area or town which mismanaged routes who travel by public transportation . Generally , people avoid traveling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various sources of transportation available .
to competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for traveling like any private company .
which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get more benefits like lower prices , privacy , freedom and safe travel . In addition , many automobile companies launcung new products with affordable prices which encourage people to use more and more private vehicle .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely twp Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about people having so many pets .
In the peak time in the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
Many people are very friendly same as their dogs .
But young people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Fakily is an important institution of social life .
Every member has his own role and the sons , the father or mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behavior or attitude to have in life .
Usually there are generation problems , people do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but by doaloging and listening to emotions and facts , everyone will have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits on social behavior but also must listen to others ' points of views to RI - arrange and update their knowledge .
A bother or a fate to be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone gives contribute to family duties .
Recently I read the thriller Mokingjay part 2 .
If you going to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
There is a lot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series had been wanting this movie ever since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion , I think it is more a teen movie .
I thought people would like this movie because it is very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
Thank you guys for this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las part of Mokingjay !
My favorite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I oractise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I have a very bad and stressful day , I can relax by doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage in other sports .
Apart from that , Krate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who starts Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can bot olive .
Today 's topic is Technologyu .
Nowadays , we use technology in everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is so influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Oast year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in order to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of friends who could join in .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for ten competitions .
He took the money on the second day , he finished the registration and started writing his story after a long time writing and did a good job . He went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out three as a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vet sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't tired of the coNTmination on our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chairs for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has a chair for everybody and I would n't have to stand up .
Another transport mode is a taxi , like a car . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than the bus or train .
The AVE or planner are a good option for a trip .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a bus so comfortable .
Njkais19
5 Mau
Dear Sir Dimara ,
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patras , a bin city in Greece .
In my city , all schools end some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandalisme in Patras has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we sit to somebody we do not raw the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Ptaras they see that thin .
Patras is a very beautiful city for its culture , and for its monuments .
Who to see that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , the police should stop the Vandalisme .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka Stavros .
All around the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings cos their minds .
As a rule , after last exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
what they will do in the future , like in a foggy .
In this way , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or eleven years at school makes them tired , even pupils do n't even notice it .
But choosing the second education is a very important step , which newed serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves in new professional shears .
Slso they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer activity .
And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
This year 's holiday would be really helpful more relaxation and getting new power for future education .
One year is not a long time .
But the benefits of a year off will be obvious .
I love San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya De Juarez in the Sfate of Mexjco . Care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in care of this .
People collect trash from their houses and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Alxo , people go out to collect the trash that is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
Dear Sie ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the purse lasts , and , if it is possible , the date exactly , because I need to book my lights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cori , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you over in the course .
And all , please give me an idea of how much it would cost every different options ?
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to the conversations of his new neighbors .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from the museum tonight .
He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to avoid it happening .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbors ' robbery plan .
Police reached the museum and caught the robbers rechanded .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains is dorm convenient and lies expanses also to decrease the carbon gases which affect the ozone . People should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments shall enlarge the people to use he other ways for transport , his subject shall be issues in ill media to learn and drainage the people to use he wrigyh way for transport .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week at my boyfriend 's .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I got rid of a lot of things .
One Friday , I visited Meanrdo led kelero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lot and at the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
Their jam of the waterfall was Chorrituel .
It was spectacular .
On my wedding day , I had a great time and I slept dry late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in type hight , we had dunner in a gate and there was a party all night .
You should visit La Hurdes . It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important for the modern world .
In Chuna , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
You begin to study English at an early age .
They us at least one hour to learn English a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition , people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to face .
English does help us read English works , but Chinese helps us learn from Chinese .
Only by characters does Chinese literature send off its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because we eat Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypoole .
It is small bug comfortable and famous for its bi burgers .
Woolypoolz is a special meal . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better with respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem with the restaurant is the place . It is far from the people and cities , and the space is very small for lots of people .
In life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed in the general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flow I have ever had .
In my town we created a small organization to more healthy environment , beautiful and to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this . The citizens will take the responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into the correct place and clean tree ad plant more of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time . You have a life , not peace , not a joy .
In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the jornalists stag all the time having a photo , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad . How is your love life and with whoever you stay , if they stay with something important ?
This is terrible . People do not have privacy through society has blamed them , because if they do not take a photo , they follow the lives of famous people .
So that , politicians and film stars will have to support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
Hello you .
come here .
Ge down .
Gety in to the room .
Get on to the bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me take your photos .
Let me watch tour Mouse .
Let me allow eager in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring that toy .
bring a glass of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
stop snouting . do n't shout .
Let us bath .
Once upon a time there was one little ant called Pennh . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible inevitable happened .
It was a date night . It was raining until a bog active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way to ! , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until there was a big earthquake ...
Pennt was so sad . The only thing he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Until dawn they go out , so they are safe until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one found anything .
Like they were very religious ants , they pry for their sacxred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Something that they did know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watched the hats all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and it went to give it to its queen . The queen knew that she was very confused , but at the same time , she got lad and she wanted revenge .
So that made a plan to display all ...
The next day , when they were about to start filming , they eyed non aNTs there so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and Penny attack them on their backs , laking them to leave the place .
The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one attacks them again and they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
Oje thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwound .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I really ca
y about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball night on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near sports residents .
I went back home and fell asleep deeply when I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of the population , agricultural land , forest and ocean have been used to destroyed to build more construction and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome that may lead to this phenomenon .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agriculture and forests in order to satisfy all their needs , which will history the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above , various approaches that governmentAL be adopted to deal with this problem of AL , reducing building construction from now on , planting lore trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be sadness to all humans and start to porter the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before things get worse and the governments have to take responsibility for that .
Nowadays , type languages are very important , and not English .
This is not my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I have never spoken and learnt so well since I decided to go to London en course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity I said use it .
The car is n't the best mode of transport , because it produces pollution . However , public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in cities developed , there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , trams . These options are are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally the car is occupied by a person , when the car is prepaid for to carry for or five people .
This situation creates pollution for the environment , so we have more conscience for the planet 's health .
I want to say something about the learning of the English language . is hard to get to me for the following reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
Though I want to sag , it is very difficult to understand the conjuhtion of the verb in Spanish Languaje , just Iamging you the same but not in your native language .
The second reason , in the English syntaxis , the structure of the construction of paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favorite team is India because I belong to his country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won their first world cup and that changed the direction of in favor of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this game because it is my favorite sport .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ranesh Tendulakar , known as little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me , but also every Indian always follows Scahin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for Indoa .
He is the first player who played 200 tests .
He has many achievements , like first 200 in one day etc .
I love the way he played .
For a nuance , first they have to decide what they can do better , batting or bowling .
If tie person wants to become a blwler then concentrate on running , action , stance and , for batsmen , heed concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bet coordination , discover some shots which become key factors in batting .
Also watch videos of some bad players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don Breadman , Ahyden , Wasim Akaram , Breft Lee etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , we also need to improve our health and stamina .
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have a good time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you van buy in here .
If you want to travel to the city , I can be your assistant as I have a yea free before university .
This is a modern city .
People usually come here hoping to exit .
There are many local foods which are very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together .
When you have played enough in this city , you want to find a job here .
I van recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you have too of time here .
Yhou may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really tun .
Also , I thought swimming can keep our bodies fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is on a hot day .
Tye advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of eating , otherwise they may not learn to swim and also , when they eat become older it will be more difficult to learn than little .
So this is the advice that I love to them .
Dear Cam director ,
My name is Eiddr and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
and I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
Neither do I have problems with working in a kitchen . It would be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my lifts , such as locker , volleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eider
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents fake treat cars of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone cleans up the village .
Residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
Thu helping to protect our environment to make it clean and safe , in order to not jeopardized our various diseases .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
There are special places where you can organize bonfires . bet everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out the garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize a monthly meeting on the environment . Residents participate in it .
Wszysych residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that they pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transport . There are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus always drops by to get a passenger , which takes more time than expected to travel .
Secondly , the public transport routes are farther than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded with no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting trip than to see more action .
Like looking outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan , which you consider the first and safe public vehicle you know .
To sum it up , I still consider having your own car safer and more convenient .
public future unless they have project to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I disagree with the decision about mineral extraction .
Mkre details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extracting the mineral will be harmful to the environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if developed equipment is set .
Next to go well , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an example that another town is polluted by the process of developing the minerals .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Past but not the least , mineral extraction may well turn out to be a profound influence , especially , on our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider this job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Basec on the reasons and instance above , the disadvantages of tracing the valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would make false health disappear .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
The longer we bjrry our heads in the sand , the warner the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it still happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Huses are more simple - hours just buy a ticket .
n What about trains ?
I saw TV abort train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see a blue sky and not a streams of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Brandon Mackie
Parliamemt House
Cambeea AVT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Csrlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of the mistake . We had a confusion about the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed too late and I that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in invenotry but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it . We will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We all you meet prefer us .
Yours Sincerely .
Breandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I am from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take cases by me all the time when parents are busy with their work .
Through my school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm excellent at it .
We usually organise competitions and tournaments with other schools .
This is my favorite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy doing the dirty and laundry in the kitchen .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply for the Summet Xamp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Azrt is a very controversial issue nowadays .
They heard many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is well known that many Arr curators and artists believe that Conotemporaty Ar is not a food source of att , since they eat many attists that only create baser on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is uninotelligible .
Lucjily the most expensive art is still the old , like Picasso or Freus .
Nowadays , pots of empty art pieces are being sold at actions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimental Arf has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would not be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
The sports days were held at Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13 th December .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I will in the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day begins , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girls 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand on a different plane .
So I knew that there was someone whose name is the same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the thud of wind passing my face .
It felt very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got number 10 out out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I have already trying my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced the marks the four houses have got .
My house which dot number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful my aunt wanted my house would get the championship .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the Inter - class rely race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I implicated my class from inning the champion .
At salty , my house for the second runner up .
I hope my blouse will be the championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because traveling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best for people to go to place walking or running . On the other hand , it is healthier .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , not less .
I think it is true that traveling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of the country , but of the whole world alone .
Whether tourism had a positive or a negative impact on our lifts , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorant .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
In addition , to its development , the ability to traveling has seasoned to such a scape that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisafion , since a traveler is not only a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
Furthermore , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . People become more careful about historical sites . This means preserving them is developed both on a small and a large scale :
At a smell scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people ca now travel in almost any possible way : on land , at sea or by air .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a girl named Amanda who was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John . He was 27 years old . He could die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
Her mom died because some things or someone drag her by ten legs and dropped her in a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he did never knew what happened , so he went to all the places to see them even he walked and walked even in reverse , he never found them .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
The first one is named Amanda Junior , like her mom , but she is a cheetah . She is 9 years old . She loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
His second daughter , named Elizabeth , is a leooard is the most intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
I am 12 years old .
bother animals give them regards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Aja , who is the youngest of the family and is a jaguar .
She started sleeping in her bed and doing nothing all day .
His parents were angry because she was the only one that beer work .
One of the animals went with Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something else than stay sleep .
the end .
Hello friends ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home , I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live here for only a year .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom , a shower with bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is really cold weather !
Write to me soon
Alrssia
Hsllo Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love goth .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up your music classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it , please send me a letter selling me about it .
Lovs , Iens .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and I think it would compliment the summer camp very well , because of my great manner and very open to the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I can do everything as a doctor can .
So if kids are going to hurt themselves , then you can pick them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
I had an exam .
By the way , I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revise maths as at home , before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read the tracks I became agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that est .
But when I finished , I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed the test and I was sure of that .
Ahd this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your pie .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had a possibility of going , I 'd already paid for the tickets .
My favorite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning , I went to the childgarden and they taught me ski .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime , my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his knees , because I could drive without calling . It was fun .
When I was older , I could get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I did my first snowboarding and I loved it .
I took every free minute to ride snowboarding .
That was the story I went snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
You are like a bird .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like winter more than summer .
Snowboardinb or skiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Although you are ill the time in nature and when you have luck , you can sew animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tol felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started talking very quickly .
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the blank soy .
A dark sky without stars .
He got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She fell asleep again , didj't she ?
If we did , how would she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , would she n't remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is sen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in the twenty first century we have various options , like plans that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough that we have all these options .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all of three , I will way plane .
There are three reasons to choose this .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time .
Second is safety , because the chances of accidents are less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than by train or bag .
The third one is comfort level .
Poan is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort . That makes plan my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who entered high school .
These young people want to discover the world and travel to reach places which would not be impossible otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was at the beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The each is located in A Guarda and its name is O Miño .
There are a lot of people at the beach .
The eater was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football on the sand of the beach .
I took the sub for a very long time and then I went to a face and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is short claim or not ?
Will we see on our roads public transport fares in 5 or 10 years ? That is a really interesting question/
I think that it all depanes Fork ten development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer traveling by car .
years , I are . If you plan to travel for a long time and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in a car . course , first you;ll spend less time , your traveling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a ling time , as you need .
But if we are talking about traveling across a city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that this is a question for everyone , and the answer ca n't be one for all , because someone can use public transport , and the economy by this , not only for money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause the spend more time for traveling or they simple do n't lie to travel with another people .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing our streets with enough passengers .
Hello Lxra ,
Thank you for the email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old and from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to the GTM marathon on a daily basis to keep in shape and in good health .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid lice .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
Increasing the number of tries and plants end up punishing the person who cuts them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protest the water sources and the sea .
guide people and giving them information , entails and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food from any other restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce . It 's an Excellenot choice for me and my favorite appitizer is usage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate saucee I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't inagine one week without going theres that arrives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a tine there , also this restauranot has a relative advanotage in hygiene really It 's excellenot This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advanotages prices are not expensive .
Vollyeball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should look at your boxy on the right for to throw the ball to the other side of the game .
I been twelve years practicing volleyball and because of it , I met a lot of people who helped me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing , I am in another world , in which I can be free and happy . . Apart from this , when I am bad , it is a distraction from university .
You should try practicing it so gunny , but I advise you , it is really easy at first , but you ace to intwnt many fumes like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to work , which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself .
Michael woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
The notice was about a competition .
The competition is about writing stories .
Mkichael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
Afterwards , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good , but Michnae did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
Michael told the story , but Michael closed the door and knew that morning he had made a mistake . He did n't tell us his name and address .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are comedies .
Qlso there are a number of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts talked about the question and there were several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for this reason , dome people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted by the timetables and you only use the transport at the moment that the timetable lets you .
Because For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves when they need to .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determinate the use of cars rather than public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
The skin is colored red and green , red dots on the green to be more precise .
She does ghat every day after school .
Of course , Shy has a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just like father .
Dwar Paul !
I haven't written to you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about what 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like a staff .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I met my girlfriend and we went there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloakroom to get signatures from the musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowdedx of people were waiting in front of the classroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so enviuos ... I liked it was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you give cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
John
Advertising is everywhere .
There are adds in TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this range of ideas , the TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
lot of people think that there are too many adds on television , but , is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's true bat line programmer or series which we see has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
The TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the message on their way .
In addition , behind one addition there are a log of things : one industry .
In addition , there is , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favorite season of the year is summer .
Why am I making this slice ? You can clearly say , I love the sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sewing because you wo be burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and sunbathe with my friends rather than getting meat playing volleyball or rum in the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmth of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful ours of flowers with the sunshine looks fabulous .
Dea USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Although I just got my FC certificate this year , it would help me a lot if I practiced my English in my native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organised and , above all , patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresw Wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he had been trained for 5 long years , since he was 15 mad he had got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and set up a party .
Tom wanted Mle , his girlfriend , to come to him .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He hated that she was always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Lel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw hr , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got close to her and told her everything .
Mel looked sadly at Gom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and went out of the house .
He followed and apologized to her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He ad to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying guy 's baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and started to take care of Mel .
One day Mrl was feeling really bad , so Tkm took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel has lost this baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He has broken up with Mel and his mate gets much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little human .
Gliding in the wives
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the boys quite without weight , able to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the bug part of the pleasure of enjoying the wager , both in the sea or in the pool .
Practice swimming is quite hard , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts will be prized by success , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Introduction
This report all examines the different activities we can do in our leisure ties in Castelldefeos .
·activities to kill time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the blah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Oters ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper . For instance : fee zumga masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , aged as social activities , there are library pour , theater ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but third success is increasing more and more .
·Reocmmendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the latest .
If you try the activities , you will have a great time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I ass glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
Yoi will come to the Reys airport , right ? .
Welp , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of service and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than taking a taxi .
The bus stops at the Sapou bus station .
When you get off the road you should ask someone for the Spring Strset .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover , I will you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning a tour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and go to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Gest Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio Farcía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am an Engineer of Exection in Minex , entitled to the " Instituto Profesionsl Virginio Gómwz " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Complany .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through neat work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige of your company .
My work experience is very outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to " Minera El Trniente " as shift manager , chef of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further , I remain yours .
Guilermo Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning foreign languages . Fir me , it is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
First , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , ad mode benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today , glonalization is ringing the world closer , which means that there are possibilities to make contact with other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the potential of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Monfano avenue nº2
Pos Code 10273 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries , model 002545 because my mobile sends this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
A month ago , I ordered go batteries model 002545 on your onlije website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have a mobile phone I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
Fhe delivery error has been made by you , so this time , it should be sent with a free delivery .
If I do not bear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leishre Club the last time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a broad range of activities , games which are held creatively and effective and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the use in the peak hours with the guided sea everywhere and ready gigs help .
However , on knee things that we dislike
The purpose is to attract more people to join the club . Besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid holding the activities to avoid problems
Gkven is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Desgin the bank notes is the first and indispensable step .
People should decide the background color and the artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
After that , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third section is to print the prepared bank nets .
Maybe there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
The color will print on both sides and every note has its unique ink also the images will be slightly raises .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , which is inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , Partixlly damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets are still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribution the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distorted .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step requires people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A ETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , The Major , wrote an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to find how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned people from De village about the importance of the case of our surroundings , middle - aged people plant many trees around the village and clean the floor of our public places , making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy recycling
Locap authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Th results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred built this great area , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Breen Pkanet is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Luie Blanxo ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " Nww Clodu Genwration " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects . which are engineers and also have a high team work standard .
We also value that they have specialized studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting the week ?
When end where do you prefer ? ( Remembed that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Geberation should have , an please tell me if you find another different request than I told you before in that e - mail .
Please , provide me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably o n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem and I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unplwasaNT .
In general , I had only one duty that was checking the quest list . Above that , I had to help with cleaning up after the concert .
But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
love ,
Dominika
Report :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you dome suggestions . I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the nest course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand behind the outstanding classmates were in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
Second , the teachers have really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
Today day we made the most of ourselves and nerve gas up improving our English level .
Third , phone classes scheduled on Friday come really in handy .
They help me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teacher .
This way , we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practicing .
To wrap up the report , just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan Oeozco
I am keen on cinema , thus I love to watch all types of films .
Buf , what films are in my TKP 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a tip out of the 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will come to you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Saif University .
My father works as a teacher and so do my others .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are traveling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
For the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our lives , so I chose this program as I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allau chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
And what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you sew your world and realize it well , it will be deserved by everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learned from research that I can do anything at anytime . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like traveling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to traveling to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for expedience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post to as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun that , in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my heart weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instexd I believe it is an advantage .
Yougn people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not surprised .
Although privately ones cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport will be the means of transport of the future .
Moxt people realize that in current cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most private care is not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , not even cars .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The price of independent transport will brow dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asks for an answer , students do not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in the last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying , partly because of the long vacation . Students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because many vacations will let students get used to having fun instead of studying , end partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could get a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a ray studying .
More reasons and details will be shed on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history class , the history teacher has to repeat teaching the history of North America before he starts to teach the history of America in the beginning of the semester .
It is a waste of time and not efficient .
Next to go would be students get used to relaxing by having no studying and homework during the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and traveling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having only a bark mute .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months studying .
My favorite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited his love for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all my problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play bad , I feel nervous and my parters give me their unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you practice this sort of there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport , you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to doing whatever sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise their toy to enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In type , I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours where I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gas min a bug guy .
We went to Long island because there he lives .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New Hork I aged so much . I also went to the city they never sleep , Manhattan .
My uncle had ten awesome advantages to going to Niagara Falle .
We rode in a car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Niagarx Falls , which looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do but there were tie fills .
I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take too many photos because you do not visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me . We are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she does not see me frequently and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I have a perfect vacation where I see new things , visit awesome places such as Niagara Falls and Time Square , receive a lot of presents and eat a lot of delicious food .
Most attending students universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live through their studies .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students lack income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as , cheap , safe , close to university , and learning how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be lore Ogvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , ad because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite of all these benefits , I would like , if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country . These days where I worst during my life . He was dirty , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budget of eating . Living alone will gang me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieves when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me
Though Tye federal government , which is decided as a role of UZA , has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of federalism , which has historical liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their nerds , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals where some states admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even if the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
This case caused some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of the federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the stage and the federap blame each other for the increase in unemployment in sore states .
In conclusion , the federal government , which gives freedom and powerful , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Yravelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy traveling to Mexico , I would give important advice ; first try to get alone with a travel companion and enjoy Mexivan food instead of crutic about spicy savof .
People say that on every voyage , people suffer different moments on the trip : arrival , being away from the frustration of an unknown place , being alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arriving home successfully .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexuco I suggest that the traveler find a way to sit alone with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a big difference if you visit another city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion , you could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange sod pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interests such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Lexico is to enjoy Mexican God .
Mexicaj foot as a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food and also , most of the time , could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Medican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower pepper .
In this way , visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious saovr that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offer two important advice for visitors that are coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the internet was invented and revealed for the first time on August 29th 1969 , the Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next lost significant innovation that has partly replaced for face - to - face communication .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.00 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Tacebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will force on the benefits and disadvantages of Fafebook and Twitter , and also comment on the potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of being connected globally to Fdacebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstlu , Facebook and Twitfer can be used when their users are in an unpleasant pod , and here their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities through friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quonn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behavior on Facebook is interacting with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Recently , Facebook has been used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also staring their same interests by the social network .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see the daily activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and as there is a high potential of being purely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody ca easily respond to a public opinion .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can pest any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fa posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Bpack person ( Dauch end Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involving cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behavior ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
Dor sample , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing of a woman by a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Tsitter , and EMS in general , might replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel lore freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to view each other 's appearandes .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than brave to call them .
The possible outcome might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communication skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Faceboom aged Twigter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sen by adding more privacy options .
However , despite the benefits of these implications , people should pay attention chatting Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitted is that people can communicate and begin to connect to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing what they spend .
In contrast , because Faceblok and Twitte have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possobly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introdeuction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Tacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included on all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered an activity that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to raw .
Blth skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
he reasons
Recenbt studies show that in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations of lives had kids ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Alsl , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! It is April and finally spring has come .
A bright syn is shining . The snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They sing funny and build their nests .
People look happier .
Ghey are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clock forward one month to March .
The Summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clock back an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
Do you think that your style will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those requiermeNTs ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
hokey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this spot and since 0210 it has become a lifestyle for me .
What would I recommend ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hociey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seeing it with other eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the main transport medium of environmental care .
In spite of some people making enough money to drive their own car , electric end hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) , so , people choose these ones bad . That 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
Environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids to ancient people .
The government and many companies are meawuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for social needs .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could law , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down the fees for public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and care about the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care of the environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as ear as a hundred meters away .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama seeds .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners have most of the blame .
Since 2008 , there have been many bike paths across the city , so citizens will be able to avoid the cair and they will emir less air pollution .
The organic waset is picked up every day and plastic and paper wxset is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which is caused by us , human beings , with their goal of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth it .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which care about the environment .
My sister teaches the pope what to do with things they want to run of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to do such beautiful jewelry that lots of people are following her !
It shows that these kinds of things have a second life .
As soon as the last river ends , the southern border of Egypt is here .
Fhe Nie river is the origin of the ancient Egyptjan civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization among the huge desert Szhara .
Alo voted at the time , the Nile was the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it of the bed soil of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep end wife valley of this Nile has become the most important transport route for Egypt .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
Fhey know when it would be the ' Green Nlie ' or ' Red Nike ' to stock up on my wife 's clean water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the loss of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as geypt becomes developing , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems at that high level .
Most people think about an important historical place in Italy , yet think of the Diomo , in Milano .
But the Fuomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
It is quite ancient , but still fascinating for the thousands of tourists who go there every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Moreoved navy wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It was ruined long ago , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , all people are aware of it .
It 's or strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this fat moving work transport has become an important factor in everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
A variety of buses were released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Sumilarly traveling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can afford to travel through China as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticated end can travel faster .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because of both its equal advertisement and disadvantages .
I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denying that the NRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruined person who has no public awareness at all .
They occupy many seats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , they just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have old them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing support for the elderly is also a problem .
Priority seats , age preserved for those who need it , not only the elderly , as adults need it .
Anyway , not all of them can identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely because of their appearance , which leads to some misunderstandings between them .
Some people even blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats .
Moreover , some old people would take this consideration action for granted and they would even command young adults or students to offer their seats without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize except .
Everyone should develop an awareness of public manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can be used as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subject or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Nws , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV cage helps introduce youth to classic Hollysood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
Buy television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , the children receive less socialization with other children .
Television takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and sale of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and skill - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advice until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sale with the aim of customer satisfaction .
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managing many administrative activities related to shortages , personal loans , contability and investment .
I worked for several years in the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing no - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
no - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding an implementing practical had easy solutions .
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic area .
I 'm careful to keep the goals of the exam in which I work , cooperate with colleagues to achieve the details by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together fixing ways to deal .
I have been working for the same large company for 25 years . Now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Need to work My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Hollqnd to support our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I also got a rescue license . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying or the patient oadi dibe master .
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can save the world .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to live in our cars and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only period of the development of transport .
We were told about a lot of innovations in short sphere .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart people .
If they contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a drivers anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact on the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your trip easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing on this international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Though , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you also get to know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
Over the years , there have been more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Mazny scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
Hujans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
Various factories admit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
For the examples above , will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher the temperature , the worse the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on loud living places , we would have a dark and hopeless future .
Thanks to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fighting , hate and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightnwss .
The terrible consequences are caused by humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Friends , dorm mow , let us be members to protect and take care of our Erath !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , but really dangerous is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceived , that their trust was broken , beads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion or the cause is the key to survive .
It is just something that I had to do , no o , NT her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
Cear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
Forf the last two years , I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed a first aid course with the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people suffer from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in the holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit of people .
In the holidays , people can away from daily problems and also take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about situations in their lives .
For example , walking along the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can review their decisions on holidays in a more accurate and helpful way .
For instance , in stressful conditions , people can make bad decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete their requirements in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking about spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays people get closer and they remember third feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they have never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can pray to God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects , they can become mire happy . Because people need to leave the material world .
In the holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and end stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away from modern life that is full of material subjects .
Cyclong to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities , such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a means of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues , such as the increase in danger on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking in hot weather .
In my opinion , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that traveling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking cad do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might not be so short during holidays , due to a less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where public transport perhaps is not able to reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially for a long distance .
Even though the car could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhaust emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between far exhaust and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saving lives .
Second , public transport saves city spaces .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person has become more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every traveling chance , I suppose that our streets would become parking places and everyone would spend more time in congestion .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating piece or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport ca replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit enough .
Kanguage for the future
Should I learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome them .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has become something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
I think that it ends up being hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
Ray Francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 014
Deawr Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as a baby - sitter and I take care of my 11 - year - old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter fame too and I have already prepared a lot of activities , like " rappelling " , paintball ...
It is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for the job . rigorous
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listen to some songs , such as Almost end of big world .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Qinnie loves eating very much , so I can easily find food at her home .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we played hide - and - seek in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winni looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnije fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately went to her and held her up . '
My knee is bleeding .
Are you alright ? " she asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and lust on Wimnie 's sound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
Shy ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
The house of the future will be big and bright .
Insice will be full of conveniences .
Big spaces will be divided into a few zones .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen zones and so on .
In houses of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Television will be a crocodile , in this as at present .
The house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can be expanded or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimmimg is my favorite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you ca also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be sold in an advertisement but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimmijg us into different types ; dollhin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the concert time all people can enjoy themselves , but nobody thinks about how they are preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's job , but at the same time they are just concerned with their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
At the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not not think about the concert , just do the job which would be given .
While we were arranging a concert , we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checked songs ' volume and lights .
My job was checking the songs list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
They always wanted to change some songs which were on the list .
At the concert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird which was flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my kegs because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have time , please come and see what we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Retarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive , impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Frim buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive stop signs .
Two recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personality publicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work , the adds on the buses I will see - which , of course , will be screens and not printed paper - will show inages of Mallorcas , or an add from tripadvisir wit Malporca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it may even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisement light is considered far , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic oxide .
But , technology is for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bi - detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vlarivostok .
So that I could live by myself freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in the modern style .
I would build their fitness gym , wardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such a mouse , I would like to set a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
However , we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Although I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
Wuen I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket first .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires logs of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is critical .
A skilled coach cage tech you the best spills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only channels not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of channels came at our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually reducing
In our country one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourihsed .
Alo TV tried to bet several licenses to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficit budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
Pess channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who is watching this or that television program .
You just hollow a suggestion made by someone .
You just click on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despitw of changing channels , we see the same news .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists bad cameras all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdowh on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on traveling .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have some experience of traveling around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a say or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like traveling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was food to hear from you .
Baically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this drip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a cap places to rent .
It would be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cajbridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
best wishes
João Matos
Hi ojhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get out of the airport terminal .
There you will see a bus station in the street .
When you get there , take the bus which is number 111 .
That ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the center of Pragie .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tel you where we will meet exactly .
But if I were you , I would make an ax . The underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Znyway , you need to get to the site . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's way you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot fast while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere when they go home - same food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a goof night or not depending thew type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very far from us , because normally we hide speaking about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
You can it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favorite food because they are fun .
I can not say what they are because you have to taste them .
It is a flavor similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavor in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to come another Tim .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever you want of American too and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another male .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billion people take buses , taxis , trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Although traveling by car is more convenient than it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most countries of the world .
While traveling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above , because in the future we are likely to have only two glasses in society , the rich and the poor .
The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cads .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , daring is held to become a well educated person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why , while you are reading , you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different views of where the action takes place .
Ad Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading it anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
Aldo many people choose movies because they like the soundtrack and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but these factors are not important to me .
I suppose that books are better than the film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home one .
She was with her mum .
He is just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a whop .
He had blond hair and he was wearing a blue dress , white loves and black shoes .
just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Cohld hour be it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny her , so she bought it .
She had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable . They looked like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night I hear some creepy noises from there ...
She was there and rather was a doll with a knife in her hand . Why do n't you play with me anymore?Are you bored of me?Just just because I have only one eye?But you removed me from the other one .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?Bvut hour did it ? I screamed .
And then ...
The next day , going to her home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her back and on the wall there was a question Did you leave me that way ? ''
Temnis is an individual sport .
Jusy you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
Yoj needs a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket , some balls and a person to play with .
Although you are good at playing backhand or forehand , you will lose finally .
This sport is just about physics and power .
You need to use your brain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
As in other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them practice tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , hell their physical health and so on .
Yo fan start if oh as grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Eithef you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enojy !
Dexr Nrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Coxci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your face , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us , food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for waiters and cooking , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people . In fact , since I was younger , I have done the anumator at the summer vamp of Alpignano , the place where I lived , and I spent a lot of hours with children and adults .
I also worked for male theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . I worked with my aunt in Sin safe . I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did all the ads .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new paint of views about your own learning process .
Talking to English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it would become a real nightmare if you are not focused on your earning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some hat rooms , such as Skipe over others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favorite sport is not one of those . It is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to integrate me with who they played with , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now , some women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everyone in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to create some punch .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional aged modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is if , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
Tje food is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fresh .
They got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
Tje desserts are very good too .
They have original own , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we ca get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
Ruring whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , the media eye axccompanying them .
In my view , public people deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
On one hand , becoming a public person associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought of be jealous .
Botice shy kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic because they have defective influence on society which assesses celebrities through the prusm of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities are connected in the akonut of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , famous people who do n't bring in the limelight their lives .
It has been very useful a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
His cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for traveling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contaminated than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort , because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the center of the city .
Besides , in some cities , cars can no be parked in some places , such as the old cities and the city center .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I have gotten used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with the latest configurations , becomes outdated within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology have taken great leaps . The Internet and mobiles have made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at our finger - tips .
Fortunately , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in new places . Google maps are always there to help .
We should not crab English words today , as we ca quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , Toys do not need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platform .
Today , life has become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand , a number of terrorism , global warming and greed have become top challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terorrist activities cause havoc in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . On the right hand , it would be a boon for us . On the wrong hand , it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I positibes an energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought , " That 's me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Peryaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's soon said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I have worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have very great memories of their experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in this mail .
Vest regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their birth .
Concerning video - games , I agree with the sicentits that they help children 's brain to develop , but it is important to control them because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or Google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Frieds should be like a shadow always beside you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life , but no doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialist with people to make friends .
The more people you will meet , the harder it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find spending time with them , their views , ideas end go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say , but they should share your views about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinions freely .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There were also a great number of commercial advertisements which male readers bleed .
Overall , Tye Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy is very highly developed .
Most people think that we need tablet computers instead of hooks
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets become very useful for our rifle . It seems to me a good opportunity to make our lives easier .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . .Pupil could not say that he let a book because he has all his books on his tablet computers .
Some people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , I like books . When I am at home I use books because I like to smell and to taste the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use it but we must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I started to say that we should keep breast of new technologies and try to make our lies easier .
The big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news because she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He trier to understand what was going on with him .
It was weird how any questions and doubts came to his head .
Lbe part of him was really happy , because being a father is biggest dream , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow I did n't feel anything .
All that he felt wax anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , and she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just too wrong at that moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was too wrong at that moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was better than happy and he could n't handle the seas .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the time , but if I really need to do some exercises , I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
First , I think , swimming pool is caring .
Such as after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like big sun and sad .
Third , swimming in the ocean is the most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming riding in the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any sports that we should do some exercise . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it , we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or working all the time .
Evsn you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions , such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of rational use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action to create green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it as bed working on the recovery of son areas which are n parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of the waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90% of Cacere inhabitants re raid to sort and recycle their rubbish , taming it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
Snd This is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will receive a bonus point anyways shot is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the house , just me .
I get a bi care so I search for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish the explosion .
Finally , in some days I found some neighbors with some clothes . I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gin and trying to enforce type laws .
The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around ill and eating us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy gas a dump .
I stomped on my heel and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came ear ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late . it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eating oh trends and the food .
In some ways , the SE robbed the food in the night and when I woke up , it was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
FOING EXCETCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country most obese in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise , you cell well with yourself and your body .
There are a lot of benefits that go in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Now , there 's a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice a sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practice Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skill because it 's easy to control the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
I recommend you to practice any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now , you o n't regret it .
Is there any support for public transport , because traveling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about public transport which is disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in traveling .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Finally , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottisb Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old boy explains « " I refer to going in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
need , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edibburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» says 17 - 22 years have passed by .
Now , secondly , traveling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to Fhe Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Caqnada , Mapan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the tragic jams have been decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that traveling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree with " always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth is the most important thing in a relationship in my opinion .
Even though being youthful is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth can be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth till the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or the employer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at the moment .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if the same woman you are acquainted with is wearing inappropriate clothes on occasion .
People usually tend to not to tell her the truth since it could cause bad feelings .
Instead of doing so , people praise her with other things about her .
In her case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private , since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people chat just to get acquainted .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people to ask details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were in school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in class , suddenly Lichael walked toward the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we're were called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michel closed the door .
The doors each n't break into pieces or fall down .
My curiosity d put me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like what I hoped .
I ended up getting expellee from the school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Muchael and I had stolen our classmate - Sallh 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also poiNTec at us firmly without giving any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realized that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ponds as we fell into the trap .
We wiped off tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
However , one day later , the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
My name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the gym .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English , which is very important to communicate .
So , I have a good relationship with little kids . I used to look after my niece and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking but because I never have time to dedicate tile to that .
I think that if I watch and learn now to do it , I would learn very fast and dominate it .
Thyat is a good quality of mine . I learn things very fast and I can also get used to watching things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter we built and wrote on the wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there was someone who needed supplies he would find some applies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and going in the forest . There was a lot of # lest on our way , there were various guys that were sick . We could n't do anything except to keep going . I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plaNT , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problem with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary gun that helps everyone that was in my # skeptic and I was really positive about it , but notwithstanding , I would n't acgunally sacrifice myself . I have to think about is it help the sNTire world or us save a group the decision ass in my hands it was # conveNTional to help the eNTore world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those gunys we wqNTed to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started . Everyone was hung and we had eaten everything in a few days and that could lead us to two things or eat away by a waorer so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be or .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the parmacy There were no walkers inside , so we ran into the pnarmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night . I needed some rest and was sent to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this town is mere present , as the result that Turi is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shoes net to you .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the gown , there are some gig supermarkets , which sell many items from the main great factories of Europe and above .
Like all the industrialization countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area in each building .
Finally , the taxis are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organized and developed than the English system .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry , deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mid there should be a board between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , , stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no line who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people , so they wait to take pictures which sows them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrating ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviokability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
There rarely fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like a normal person , not famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such normal people as everyone of us only have lore money in their bank accounts .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who see recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to save normal life should be given to them .
The Maz Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world - known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to gibe it a tty .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flash of the main character , who is a 16-eyar - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cave and being transported to what seems to be a coma .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and depend themselves on the menaces of the males .
He gook ten rolls of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit from this place .
Stipl , they only have daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenalin while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully may more . What I lobe about it is , first of all , that tall or small . Anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you pink you probably misSEd something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the inetnsity , if you uaven't SEen a game go until 32 - 30 , ans SE et energy on the floor and hear the noiSE from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me waiting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pas and set better , and eve in mere different ways .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
The people there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One tile pr two on Wednesday , thieves are taken .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
It is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
Everyone cares about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially in spring , a lot of cloours end in pleasant odlrs .
New Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Green rime in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bdar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagnj , a little town near Cxtania located under the Etna volcano slope , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two tools , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cheap . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina bed . It was very tasty .
Aol the ingredients are clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other diners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our society since ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of excludion .
Margination has a link with the illedgality of this activity .
Also , this illegality is the cause for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes addition text that can destroy our lives .
I ink everyone has tried some kind of illegal drugs to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behavior is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and make very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to set deadlines for themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes are in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or bad .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Eaudi Arabia . I 'm glad to be able to see you after a long time .
But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can take me from school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street , then turn right beside the farce of LAU university . After getting down from the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited about seeing you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dezr Les ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it was always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barceloma where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wondrs of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Spfía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari , or Doñna Nztional Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spaun , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Simpson is my favorite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American chill .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond with gotspiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punished him .
Baet is an energetic and clever student , but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
In the Simpskn family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnier than Yomer , although MIST magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was a dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I o n't be out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy mock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pat me a visit during the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelped : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter from moNThs .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I had observed the letter unconsciously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was us past will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Wel , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for the last few years .
Wctually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
All the households nearby throw away dirty things easily and some are n't even even bothered about these errors of the municipality .
I see all these during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upset about it and wherever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
People are not self - crntred and very narrow minded .
Although they are becoming so educated , in real sense they are still savgae .
Dear arms. Wshby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Peppsr Cage for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends at your age .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
I had worker new year in London as a waiter in Hard rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter in Barcomi 's Caf in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , gosh and fries , hamburgers , Jtalian pasta , etc .
I am also very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint sheet !
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
lease , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for an hour .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
Madía Luisa Castaneds led Acun
Nowadays , public transport has become a major issue .
The idea of leaving public transportation alone is very popular in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decade , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of talking on their own cads is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than pay for a full tank .
Furthermore , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the use of people use it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's just to your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weight , or suffer because of the rain or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , fired , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , you can find it easier to take public transport .
It is also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the cad faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic cage affects cars and buses at the same level .
Sojetimes cars are faster than buses . Sometimes buses tire faster .
Speed trains are always faster than cars .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if traveling by car or van is more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Ingormal letter fir CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
Because of my experience working at the international company that organisms music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such an activity was on the 2nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Luckily , you will get the chance to practice your English skills .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Although if you are looking for additional work experience hours , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
Before you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerds .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For no one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malima . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they have been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
So yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Miek ca n't really say why they needed to save ex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to set up the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the time , he did n't realism thing .
Only after , when Angeina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp counselor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment , I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing his job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a counselor it is very hand .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organized and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counselor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout coma .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student in Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day , so I have decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially Math and electronics . are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job , so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and waste time doing nothing at school and I thought even at home .
The thing that more annogs me is that they copy all the time from me and the other pod students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they work .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to enter this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial College of London is one of the lost importing universities in the whole world .
uperquitour : A great experience for your mouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos they are going to gain had all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexkco City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicrnte .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' Tfhe Pueruqitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day starter of an important date … Taco Xay !
Tfacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed ALambre AL pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by folded beer .
Because Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diaja , one of my friends from Vancoyver .
Agwin we had tacos , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chuke and tacos are gourmet there .
It means that they have different tastes of tortillas -vanilla , strawbrry , chipotle , nopa , bad wslnut , among others- salssa -tamarinx , guva , mango , camouflage , etc .
That small DI net finished with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to the movie theater to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
Rhird day was one of my favorite . The place is sooooio nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel in the 50s .
La Pqpa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with names of famous women and lovely rinks .
Totally recommended !
Mar haul Resturajt , in the north of Mexicxo City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Seafolod is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded sharp , fish fillet , aged shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El shaded Hidalgeunse .
You have to be starving to eat a nolcajete by yourself , it is just too much for the person , so if you did not eat breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a cup of beer .
Almost a week in Puerquitour .
The sixth day was to celebrate Mlagda 's final test , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get the Master 's Degree ; and the farewell of Vicentw , who is already at the USAx , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we lime the food , we celebrated eating in Mlemelas Pub .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and more delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was almost a foot in the USA , we spent ill ray together .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrfobar for the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Speciql accompanied by black beer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practice and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extracted from Great Espectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pjp and his own husband .
Sadly , Ppi has no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pjp seems to be a handsome and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Zlso , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obfiously , nobody would like to live with him , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the real protagonist and the way he speaks and his actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is or the protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
and the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator does not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he pony users indirect speech on just a few occasions , referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the entrance of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from that , he just writes exactly what the characters say .
Ths voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees when he thinks about it , but he does not nave any omniscient poser .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stiut , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapter , when he describes the man who stole gin as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw in hugging hinself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be happy , lining a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Moe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she is worried more about what her neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in their own house .
The narrator described her as a woman who had earned a reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
And we know that Jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - thempered , - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Xlso , the way he characters the tale is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with shirts and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mfs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than me , and she established a great reputation with herself and the neighbors because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing how to save a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of lying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were beauty brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
" No look here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're going to be allowed to live . You know
What a file ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Yeah , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The mrsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the cialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated by the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbavk .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second chapter marks reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals not so much about gin or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do mot know how the story will end .
too much mystery and just a few facts . Dan reacts in these chapters .
All I know is that this story will nit have a happy ending .
Probably , tie thief will probably probably probably take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without a tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is lore , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Snna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She heard Bern was waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
Afgter her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to know what had happened to her biological mother and why she should give Abna away .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological other of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kifney transplabt " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
He hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything . A sane person could utter any wound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my next friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Saneman , a Swediah singer , was on Holidxy in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
unexpected , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and two cameras , but at that moment I thought they were making a video .
Rhen , I realized this boy at the ceNTers was n't a simple boy , He was Frlix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , waking him with some questions and singing his songs .
When he left , I was sad but also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Alebro , the Bestf Oizza Wext in Italy
One of my favorite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Puzzeria , located in the Huelin neighborhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs of the worlds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu . It is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far , I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try et Rose Wind Salad . It 's a fees , flavorful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's . All are made fresh to order in their autheNTic Italian pizza oven .
Besdes the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 euros per person for different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food with an even better value .
I promise you o n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to visit in Duglin for young people from different countries .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Templw Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities Luke museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnjie Vox Puh was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , eat dancers perform and have a nice meal in one place .
Oxeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dulbin Wax Musehm was suggested by many students .
Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there were activities to take part in had many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Splrts start being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means people will want to play sport , which is essential to their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve a goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something is also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
Firstly , port has become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fake .
This leads adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sorts inside of learning how to play well and having fun in the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent dole models for this youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens had the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brote often the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that rent to be caricatufes of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Gronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
From the 4 sources aet , 3 of them remained a setady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams PE PErson per week .
Both ball consumption and the category labeled had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lpamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and bee consumption falling from around 230 grams pr person pet week down to just over 120 grams per person pet week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated sable , climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
However , it is evident from the trap that some sectors decline , others roar and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Deasr Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavroc .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Canfer Research Center .
Our lab works along with Qlexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently , he had visited Moscow and while we had been having a conversation I mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on a postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexks told me to try and contact you .
Your conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master technology and research skills .
Not to mention the participation in pioneering studies .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in action cytowkeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelil cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One which description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of acting bundles in normal and transformed epithepial cells .
Thereafter , I studied the formulation of various action - binding proteins and actionb isoforms within adherence jmunction in normal ant transformed cells .
In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitry Lagrov
P.S. These are my CV and a copy of my paler in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favorite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugi worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been recorded a proetcetd UNESCO Wotld Heritage Soet in 2000 , because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lhgo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luto , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
The most important I can mention are San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October , Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
an Froilán is a festival of International Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galiciwn costumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Lugo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtiv weddings , artisan market , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get period costumes , such as gladiators and Romsn Emperors .
I recommend you visit Luyo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Romsn life in Wrde Lucus .
Lugo is ans incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivitiss which shop and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Veltic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agylomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
Cjty X " has no specific waste disposal lean , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
Despite that , there are plans to increase tie green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving by implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
Your analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's Eco - friendly proposals .
In accodd with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program on the disposal problem . "
City X " incineratese hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7% of the garage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to skirt waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promote looper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " Lt 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within one city by 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A later crucial activity is the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal asset policy that integrates the private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits into 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by the lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you will have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is that you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people get tired when they finish school because of the exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You could fund work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a hood idea also , especially if you find something related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will lie in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have an opportunity to choose on which planet we go to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I seed everything different .
With avant - grade futuristic projects , houses will be the most desirable .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or iglo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of modern art and it will be hard to describe the shape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
Tney will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an verge human .
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just a machine waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
Glad to hear that you have been invited to attend the next round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , dress as properly as possible .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
Auitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Especially , being punctual .
INTerviewers have to cope with a tight schedule , so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Thied , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is halt done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you Dan up front , you really make a change in the interview .
Since you applied to the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Llus , he 's willing to communicate with others and rake on near challenges , so he transferred to the Dales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the trick decor and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mentioned above will be of some help to you .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Love ,
Oris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Because my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
In addition , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organized sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunting and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
Yet , mentioned , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership fir other people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as gas , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twittdr and Facebook or to off discounts for siblings .
Furthermore , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
However , if the target markets are both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced aged qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and try to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language curses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural as drilling tins , natural as pipelines and underground storage contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural ax infrastructure have from a few to several perceNT lore than those who live in other regions where such infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs which is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of whale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Osciuszko Instjtute conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shall gas
Greece is an amazing country that a log of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Vreece can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand hot , such as Santorin .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that see it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greexe is Athebs .
Bgelieve it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acdopolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athen .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the mots spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and gang tie , the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely dun !
Shmming up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or if a few days is going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you take far in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one gear ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus review them twice .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
of hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety about about the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had short time .
I had insomnia for ten nights before my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerves were torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
Eve since I do everything in its dude time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam with an appropriate toms , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't have the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite killed before my Ajatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the ex , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much effort .
So , dot sure having enough time to memorize and practice what to learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't they think it is worth getting the highest score one could get ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't good for the environment .
Carbon dioxide emissions are very low .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fossil fuels .
Energy which we get from run and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power point is expensive .
Shen we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear plans is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we end up with something that can work all the tiles .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities will plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad De ls Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , then with it coincides a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians , which are the second largest group and the minority in Lim includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Leruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Yispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declared a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through amazing architecture with bapconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Fekipe , which is the most incredible Spanish fortress ; through its costumes as well as Carnival . Today you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or take to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión led Señor De Los Mulagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonDerful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Oisco Aour ( wine ) , el Cevixhe , Los Picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and exquisite cuisine give Peu 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I have done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Below you will find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately , this bank does n't have branches in Britain .
And all hanking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Roywl Sawvings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do bank operations on the spot .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of sauceoans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first - time account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of iNTerest is higher and you do n't need to pay my manual charges .
And doing operations with no ads is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Taoe care end very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahgoo.col
Sunject : An important thing to do !
My dear Pal ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gzga 's concert .
It was my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me to this service .
I could n't believe my ears . The phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in the sound recording .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realized they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Youyrs ,
Ionut
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six , wishing for equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Luttle by little , I improved my seeing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiuing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and pass experience , I have no doubt that the preferences I selected above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in this business field .
The subjects I pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of unerataning business concepts and gives me a solid academic founatioj .
I also participated in various group work and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would like to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and eben professors in order to receibe a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 'be selected above .
Academically , I have always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the work necessary in order to get a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I was the president of the Business Students Associatiuon ( BSX ) , Heax Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captsin of tie soccer school Neat .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organization and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Sfholarship , I decided to do some research on zcech Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found that Czech Repjblic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study .
Czsch universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , a modern campus with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is the lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and teachers go on strike frequently , and learning in parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , social and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , will make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Xzech Republic Schoparship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst , at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways that .
A dog is man 's friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to communicate with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into society .
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a do .
A dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haity four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch their human family .
So , if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by braking at a person or something else that might have caused it .
The stronger the bond between ten kg and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . Bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets take a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who spend all day at work or in school and doing some physical activity .
So having a log could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you harm , but their amazing personality ends the love they show to you . You feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay little attention to them , because they truly really ban their bad friend .
Hi Jonh !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kqk adventure " , one of the most well - known centers in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having a tiny problem . However , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on his activity .
Roco climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You ca n't imagine the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practice canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but but confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the cejtre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that the teachers meet strict safety rules , so you will enjoy it a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this cejtre 's really north a visit .
Write son and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since she left for Paris last year , I have been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at work , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never traveled to Europe yet , so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sjr / Madam ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Edtior
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26tu January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publication industry .
Finally , I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative and careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tspu
Education is a milestone in our lives and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalozed education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon since there are only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the UDA , can be bossy .
There are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative to fad and others where it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spain must be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to re
education Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom supports this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been hacked up by the results of standardized tests had the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblockx :
The lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , end up being frustrated parents without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for education
systems .
However , homeschoolling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and blended learning is the future .
geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighborhood , would be definitely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a hole with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings will definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of thesis houses should be ready to be pit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to assimilate comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some modern areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats had apartments situated above city streets . seem to be a perfect population to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbors ) , they will still need a am , cos bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
However , the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a football team player ?
Handbvall is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
One lost ball made your dam the loss of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but with the fears it became a passion .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional trial sport .
If you want to practice handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of prcatising a sort .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the streets of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst leaflets , many chores are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favorite sport .
It consists of a mixture of different sports , summing , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it next home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Trkathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding spot requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself to become fat .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have not defined what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favor of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to gap for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , any teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might have gone out as they had expected or for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all the knowledge and know for know that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidis . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a Fair stars hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have kills in listening closely to customers and an avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a per - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Gilss of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middlr Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophglax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
I liked a lot story , first because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget everybody 's life .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights seem fearful and incompetent , the end clashes are with swords instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everyone because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Cajp that I saw advertised in poor local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Insfitutions , or in Scial Care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervusing Coursea .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in the Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so I am able to be a member of your well - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with raising my four jungter siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organizatoin , helping the manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in younger environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawickii
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , traveling does broaden your mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travekling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
These can help you to understand that everyone has accrs to many things you do each time you , and to realism perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as earphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted theyt everyone can age zone water to drink even though this is mot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see ourselves as different from other humans .
For these reasons , I think traveling really broadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully - fledged researcher end academician .
To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstrp .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoreticzl and Computarional Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phaxse systems .
I would also like to carry on my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetic materials as photinic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the most interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
Afted my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research wife students of the University of Barisal .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly . However , public transport is still in use .
Especially in big sites , where there are traffic names , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In many cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without special permission , so there is no other solution than use of public transport .
But what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car , you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more at your pace .
But think about the costs .
Think how much you pay for petrol nowadays .
Consider as well many days do have vacations .
Maybe the airlines are better ?
Being back to our everyday life .
Most of us live in big cities and face problems with traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Aell , then you do n't have to worry about parting space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the way you work as an additional tome for yourself .
Wha else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecology is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by travel more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Qhy using ten first narration ?
Fhe first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think . Usually , in his friction , the author invites us to know what is inside the madman 's mind .
Fseling fat the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case . It seemed like it really happened .
Facung the murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror for his readers ?
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the ordered mine and the sound of heartbeat .
First , the scene that describes the murder makes readers n't hell themselves emerging the images in their mind .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Yhen comes to the sound , the heartbeat .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
Every time the sound of heartbeat started arousing , something ensued .
In the forest time , the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man . He was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second kite , when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he had killed the man and remembered the corpse .
At the same time , the heartbeat also made the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
Fhe whole story except the end of the friction , he confessed the crime . The madman used an intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had ended .
The sharp contract for the calm and tie cruelty , gives us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told his friends one sunny afternoon .
When ll was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around , looking to find different types of animals , such as birds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that kooked like an animal lying on the ground 's fat ? " , Max said aloud .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was dead ! Its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
There were ten animals . They could see that they were suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Because of this decision , Max took courage to open the rap , but the dead did n't move because its leg was injured .
One of Mad 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Maz cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .
Afterwards , the animal a better and it walked more slowly .
After the day finished , Mac and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . An amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private lives .
Generaly , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their landscaping private .
If you decide to become famous because of your scandzlising private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what you are talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
The real problem starts when journalists injure the celebrity , whether it friends or family .
Paparaxzi raw creep in contact with famous people 's children , that may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
What about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases , they must do their job as well as Dan , leading their boring life .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just lead them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to leave their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Lkas Ficheraa " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because there is good food and a fun environment .
I went to dinner with about 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexivan food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the ill was shown even without asking ( just because we had finished dinner but our drinks were still on the fable ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine the day after that . told me that she had had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant is terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pisotla y Corazón Taquerua " is the first Mexicam restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexicab food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for a fee while we were choosing the main dishes .
Sfter choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , to the crew .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bilk , they offered us a shot of yequila to finish our visit and confirm that great places still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : TJANK TOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITrH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW XRE YOU ?
And also , where are you one ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
Last week I borrowed ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's been going better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Jalta was a big punch fight in the stomach , which for sure was n't new ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough bot the ones of the lily ! ) TWO other paricipaNTs ) , was not suffixieNT to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malfa with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
First home , everything started fast . I should have gotten used to it , should n't I??- .
So I did n't age much .
I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of a scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that as a git disappeared , oh for the feeling of not meeting high expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yes :/ ) press money earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gin ab)use of your antive language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to the standard / the task .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( fay !
room Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved herself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I drank the whole week at my friend 's pace , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's horse , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Pous I gave a rest to my ankle , which is very much needed too !
The two - day , one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we went visiting was very beautiful , and we haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have tone or a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had expected .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from Ramla , can you wait a bit more ?
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Dijd you as Mario about the speakers ?
Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gin an go now .
Talk to joy skin , Mike .
Receive a big hug from ( YES , FINALLkY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Worl 's climate abort to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , described the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences for the future .
The Qorld Meteorologixal Organization made known publicly that 2015 had been the hottest year on record as well as causing more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
These problems just annoUNced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stwphen Belcger , director of the Met Office 's Hadleh Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , o considers th climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , gglobal security and the fight against poverty .
which stands up for a global real confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states and therefore , these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a combination of global warming , clarifying his statement with the example of Centfal England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would been an ice mess in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognodis will come true , according to Orof Andre Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , the environment and economy as well as an issue of the UN suit in Paris .
The problem is the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .
Fifteen wjaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
This organization was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritag properties trasncends national boundaries .
Thrir qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , the person who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
World heritage is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESXO because they have found boo animals or plants ; there are raw endangered spices in that area that have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the designation few places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage Lit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
Tje side is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation has become a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage of a city being introduced on the Pist is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage Lisg , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments about heritage preservation .
Greate awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritag List is that these sites were not funded , so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Moreover , they reminded of the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger unless they do not answer the ten criteria should be protected by UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new way to finance and defend this natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Criclet is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and street discipline .
It also teaches us now to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood .
Eben when I was a kid I started playing with boys of a much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed the cricket religion and have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am fond of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketer skill , I loved his ability to hand pressure and lead calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Para and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should catch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.om .
There are nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in creep .
Cricket is going through a rough period due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will dome strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent sow .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped thinking about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lust is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you go .
I think it is kind of sad that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
But two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " Fhe fault in our stars " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are dying because of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply . It made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciating the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't think about my life .
Nwo I have the feeling that I need to live , but I have no idea what is this " nore " .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before then I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary for someone new , from another different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
Qell , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket Lizt that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it will be for the better .
Unlike popular understanding of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , history is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever fat wearing means .
It is a cyclical process .
Rome had its hayday in the first century AD , but just a centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those late period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cemeNT that the ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a fed ceNTjries earlier .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now , humans will possess all the technological knowledge that we possess and take for granted ?
No one can ensure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another Woprld Wzr , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dwrk Agds .
Buty la 's pick the Wold Aar hypothesis for a second .
A weed world ear is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people 's lives in 50 years from now .
Buf there , on this day , prospects far news Wlrld Aar ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hole do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War lay will be in existence right now because I know no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people , know about it .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country to declare war on others , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage sat against against against against against each other would have its roots in much older toms .
As the causes of the Second World Wxr have its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War , a third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a pays conflict that may well have happening already .
But let 's not digress into that . Fat 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Suvject : holidays are coming !
Hi Dam ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to pend sod days at the dame place we went to last year , at the Sunshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 'd already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and that it was great !
It would be terrific if you came to trust me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
In this Xamp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistaNTs and the camp is situated on an electronic island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff , all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on . but what I like most is scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Damp is well - known and opens from Monday to October and it would be good to boil for two weeks . It always gets overlooked for the period my parents take days off . What do you think is coming with us from the 1st August to Thud 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Bestr wishes .
Simonetta
The doorbell ran unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outsire stood the most extraordinary - kooking man : he looked like a Soanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriend .
He came down , but she did not come .
Instead , she started curing .
The man , as it turned out , was my father . She had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died on the way .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very confused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room aged . He looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
How we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brusseld .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as Tie city hall and the building of the corporations of the Midde Ages .
These weird groups of people do the same work , such as carpenters .
Rhey helped each other and the spiders ones taught thud youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is decorated with the lazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them host cadés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the Itch museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighborhood of Brussels which is made up of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now get their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Rvery year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the center of the square .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Loland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The Thirst Castle , called Platinum , was built in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - The most representative remnant is the famous arcaded courtyard .
During the tour the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as Royal Orivate Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of the Polish kings collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
Apart from the features , there are also marvelous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Xastle one can not imagine seeing the Dragon 's Den - a cave inside the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting the Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand tears of this Polisj history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and be certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I was very lucky then because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing the activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our mother language .
Moreover , I have travelled to English and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Wven though I do have little theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enroll in a creative writing course in order to practice my writing skills .
Through the course I had to complete some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Anx there I realized at least two things : the first one is that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second is that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is so easy to be precise .
A logician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform that trick .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the words , but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Everyone says it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could also be the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a fogy path and even when it is messy you can see something thrown away , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily bad so often with our parents : every time we discover something mew or we say something , they judge us or then begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that it confuses minds .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's a thing that gt uander our skin is when moms say something and then help us to do the opposite one .
The worse part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mid at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do anything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end , we do n't only feel anger towards them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
It 's net the usual love they 're used to fee , as love for family and friends . bet it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we use in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
Adolescence is like his , there 's a moment which looks magical and in the next one toy drowns in the dark .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , free home .
But , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I would recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noses and crowded beaches .
To the east of Mallora , you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà yo you will find a coaster ten , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia De Sat Pere is a traditional fishermen 's village .
Nowadays , you ca still see semi fishermen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panorama view .
You will get to Ca Los Cans , one of the most mathematical beaches in Malloeca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you lust go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said , " SE each amino AL andwr " .
It means that the most important thing is the way , the journey .
Goign on a bike near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca Los Cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallodca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient novelists which have been recently restored .
Finally , you will get to Ca Los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
You can practice different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different dishes , sea ruchins aged seaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
As part of sports , you should note two different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatjcations that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical tour called " Falaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defense tower or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes beyond the mountain range of Tramuntana .
Feom hat seashore you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Trmauntana and the cape of Dormentor .
Ca Los Cans is a mixture of sewing , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favor : Please , keep the secret .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introductjon .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your center after one year running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 meters .
Furthermore , it is bad for deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from the facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent , but the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you should use heaters to avoid colds in the passageway between the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Futhre of public Transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people 's personal vars .
A cad allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travfalling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also be turned into public transport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the nearest car or .
Thirdly , people do not have inborn driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
Tyis is also true for old people , who lose their ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next tens of years .
The chart above shows some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the counters with the highest salaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is larger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say that , from the standpoibt of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well loved spot in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that may people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Boding is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
All professional boexrs are at risk of being killed in the next fight .
If not killed , then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic loses throughout their ranks .
This is just from the elite few , and there are more from those below them .
More deaths would occur through going if it were banned .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , tie new blxers could be even more at risk .
If boxing is banned , no - one grow up knowing it as acceptable . There will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities a much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and leas violent attacks with little or no reason .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of the sport and not detdact entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals . Lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter . As most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would put snow off the boxers ' aged talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brain have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamedx Alij , who was infamouys ) both not his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence no has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers dive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these work 's characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribute to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that reach work be considered individually as both a product of weary of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although her mother in The Joy Luck Club rebels against US forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the India tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Reblelion is seen not as a distinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Colpr Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazx reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Wager for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed not as strongly in minority works as they are portrayed in other parts of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolatr and The Coloe Purple , other minority works , including Love Medicine and Jazz , do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
This again implies that three etnoc American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rfebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experience .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurrence is off some too .
Voltaire sets out in Candidd to ceiticise this philosophy .
In Candide , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunred - red - rocks .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bultar army , he is beaten almost to death , but Cadide does not concern himself because he knows it is for his own gold - in fact , later in the book he uses training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not because of his training . He kills two men , an ejw and an Archbishol with no hesitation and then proved to kill his sweetheart brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Canide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On arrival , they see starvation and breath .
Candkde is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaving ten cities .
Candide logos to Pangloss dot an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the sew world , Suoth America , and has to leave his darling Cujégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candde can not see what possible good could come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Through the book we begin to see how Canidde is gradually lad away for l'optimieme or perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can come from and is not actually inspiring , leads to a constant number of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he races Cunégonde , he is dsuped in the arm , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - ad - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Epdorado but leaves- the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonee , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once promised .
She has become ugly and worse by the day .
This illustrates enphatically the folk of l'optimisme .
Candide has traveled the world in search of Cunéginde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through . Of course , in the end , he does get Cjnébonde , but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimis is one of despair net hue .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
However , it is important to realize that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
Wehn The original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the Unifed States of America . They are intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly forked national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example , in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today we still hear the old dispute over state sovereignty ending attempts to return home power to the individual statue , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be sole unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islanda dispuet ) , Cimmunities were inetnded as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminstet Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a single aprliament for Western Europe with the power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The suoremacy of Parliament will never be callanged .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it holds full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinqujsh gets sovereignty few ever , it could tomorrow repesl all shot laws .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it would never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
But with the average jingoistic Brito , there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Evsn now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent , we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of poker on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with the overseas empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounitng responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made paws .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on o kw . Of course , in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , boo law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and positive of the lap , and changes may well cause feeling and disconteny .
Of course , the same point will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country is typically against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise of its fundamental political concepts .
Of course , the British will lose their sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
It has been suggested that the Singke Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , Europan unity would still , in essence , be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that others will never accept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , hunting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Fedealists achieved their aims in European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation haws deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
Whether this will happen needs to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what an American Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lows of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss need not be negative .
In cat , in political , economic and fence terms , I feel this realization of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain exteNT I may be guilty of having an island personality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to facelesw beaurocvrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my belief that Britain should be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the old order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In relenquisuing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world state .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulfr , European cooperation in the field of defense can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defenders to a central body .
I van tide a future for some form of European raid reaction force .
However , to an extent , cripplihg defense costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defenser available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Brutain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitab in terms of the population composition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Brotain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in geography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst I pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system will lower interest rates , and inflation while causing growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Vircle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on this strong currencies within the EEX as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty but the gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the bat , I think we will get drawn before the next boat comes .
After the treaty of Rome was signewd in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continewnt " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When the British entered the European Commuinty in 1973 after a national referendum , tie debate began concerning the British relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the debate raised up again , but over how much Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
But the former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher , was not to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of loud sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Busihesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves or 1992 , and the single market .
Trade all be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free glowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business books and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Maybe Britons would consider Europe as affecting Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the piund sterling being tied to the ECU .
Tghey Maybe Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further change in age forecast for Bfitain , affecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
Should the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Bussels ?
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound sterlnig is taken over by the EFU ?
It means well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As the dramas nearer , the awareness of Britons of Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as the mode of Brifain becomes " Eurofiwd " , the British will sake up and see their sovereignty taken away .
Britain has never been a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free tad .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give up .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Siungle Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : whether this mean a loss of sovereignty God British or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cos - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Firms , because they are able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to production and development , and thus products will improve .
Erurope all therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - infirmed individuals .
Simlicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and mode easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should ask work better .
Ideally ten , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Single proper mean a loss of sovereignty to Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others arr .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become emgulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any mire .
The new Single Eurole may be too new for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether his idealism really will work .
Will three be greater prosperity , better - infirmed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because politicians are unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then not got quite a pot at take , its character at least , in integrating itself into this single Ehrope ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains , however , that next year ( in 192 ) there is going to be an American Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Euroe will be .
It is up to the Britaion therefore , to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Colmunity is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member Statex who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has the aim of breaking down the economic and political barriers that have tracitionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated matter : to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the fouynding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by wars was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
It is a fresh start because of three main factors .
Firstly , as Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after saving losing her age - old position at the center of the world stage to the United States of Aqmerica added to the Soviuet Unoon .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly was the donviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Third was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly wag .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Communiyt , in 1958 .
UTS membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member estates have deduce to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with their own sovereivn powers , which they can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
Ghis novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
Two of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wishes their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , net majority votung .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand fork .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , threats will subsids as a feeling of identity takes place .
On Britain 's roads there is an increasing volume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - spy and traffic jams ..
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stresses of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roacworks which district the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system increases the risk of having an accident and drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are not taking to the Tail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatization of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fires for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage of the railways is , as the rail service and the bu service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If types of services were integrated , there would be a bus game table which coincide with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would bot have to look forward to a long walk , eating with a boss or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight o clock and leave at six .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilemma facing the UK 's real and road transport system is the enormous rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of computers and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UO transport network .
The biggest problem with the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to courage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major fonjestion in hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in population . If it is made cheaper for commuters , cleaner , more efficient , then it could take the strain off the overloaded British toads .
Fkr commuters who regularly ride long distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motoeways and other transport links are constantly being extened , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to deal with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smote and forming acid ran . Tourturjng the Earth we are living on .
To conclude , I wish to propose clean , deficient , comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to all of the western world population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance , we finish ourselves in a 10 mile road - why do we still insist that we travel in such ameander ?
To illustrate my point , if every time you take a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The answer most easily lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manor ' .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' deny ' who wants to make everyone live in tide 's and rat sofa bean soup , however I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our rods today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our rods is just to back oven . They do not even attempt to treat the cause , theft . More and more people are now driving .
We all think that we have a divine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at an environmental cost ?
Jusy because we can not be bothered to get out of bed fast enough to catch public transport .
Efen if we did , then so would the rest of the world .
That could have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the tall in standards . These people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has formed a spiraling circle of roads us .
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to a private rail company , profit - motivated .
The vital , small rail links are now closed . Previously they subsided to take up the loss . Now the privilege companies can not afford to do so , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it . The only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public must be empathetic to this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular spot , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold its head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters such as Lennkx Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Franmk Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head cam cause the brain to rattle and the skull , which may cause a brain clot or tumof .
Last yard , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watsob slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Nany youths on low incomes see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the lot and earn a lot of money on the way .
Ghere are , however , people who regard boxing as barbariuc , brutal and lrimitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have mutual respect for each other .
Alp precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
Furing fights , doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
Ambulances are also met on stand by at hug events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is tied and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other sorts which are fat nor brutal and dangerous , such as ' Ghai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
Two men , one tiny , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the yards rules have been made to dilute the sports ' sadistic attitude , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain loves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose his brain cells during a boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career through brain damage .
In my eyes , and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason is that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank . He believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxin is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxin in to knock his opponent nut but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference said boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Nichael Watsoin was put in a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go iNTro fights to knoco his opposition out ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer , having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any glow to the head causes considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasized and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public ulroar on the safety of the sport , and the controveys over whether the sport should be gained or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would fed .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any box regret their choice of career .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy of knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysno comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewed , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
Yhese individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the situation .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to taking up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patdiotic the British public felt when Frank Brunk achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweighy champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocriticsl view is shived by so many that whether boxing should be vanned or not will remain a controversial issue for the fashionable future .
There were 2 objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation . In fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money was spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organization franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity to lower dunning costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organizer is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms . For example , IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
Since its introduction , there has been a controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to live 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversial over the allocation of money .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for gymnasiuk money was also given to the royal opera house .
The lottery seamed to be a revered Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pieces out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , and is highly unlikely .
It has also been allegde that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had tuned their lies , alenating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the littery should be retaind , but it in its present form . I think that jackpits should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to live forgotten people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more serving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculatilns mad thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists to make numericla calclations .
This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equations , and so we need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who ends up only knowing which buttons to press .
This seems an extreme view , as there is still jute in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this will be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records . They have all superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studiea exam ) , They are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create work and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than games or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
However or not , the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body a bit redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by machines , e - mail and the Internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting person to face .
Mkney can be transferred instaNTly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that show how much each bank takes ownership of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can no deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break dawn , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
Tey creed , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and complexity .
The world watched in aNTicipation -- We were mesmirized by the images on the TV , expecting something new at every momeNT and not wait to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was Hovember 9 , 1989 , the day that the wall fell in Berlin-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this was just the start .
It is the start of what our President , Hush , likes to refer to as " our " winning of the cold War --
It was the event that gave the people of the East Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Mzny people had tried to escape .
Aome had been executed -- I had a classmate whose fate had escaped from Hbungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events over in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Huhgary , Tchrkoslovaquia , Poland and Roulania rose against communist regimes as well -- Bow , the years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years have all not been in vain -- without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
However , history must not be rewritetn and , as things stand , the Vall of the Beflin Wall actively contribuetd to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Easetrn Bloc -- As such , it as the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the oethr significant events , we will always remember eth day the will fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
The thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of the world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . They have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provided horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and eve the less oveft corners of our lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Aloes do not threaten us , but when they become wlded with certain aspects of and certain people in our society , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closet .
In schools , Grography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spoain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaibing that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the sea " I am a self - sufficienot- I do n't need any help " type of menotality that will slowly destroy us .
Pur awareness of their people , their cultures , and their languages is very low on the priority level of our educators .
Ujntil I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I could only have one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States caused our minds to be heard , bad a world that is growing while my country lats behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work lust sums in our heads , bury at what cast ?
In many shoes , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their till .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
People have had their job positions taken over by computes .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as filling are good for us .
They encourage organizational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
Efen ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to build compuetrs , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
Apart from making the human brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills . They can teach , test and improve our linguist skills .
Reflexes have improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we did n't know existed !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past which filled whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate gfaphical presentations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Comupters have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculztions .
Ths computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public . Why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
This is very time - saving and efficient , but it causes people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " speechless " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of eating about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer escape from the gUN - drum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and UN - inventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time face problems .
The repetition of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that , it is extremely boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future , but what part will man have in the future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home . People would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should not live with their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Alxo , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against genetic manipulation .
Pargly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tankers the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense wore which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the firm ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen - nice shed to xtab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects . Genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Although the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
Certainly , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their misuse , but there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is pet to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must be put under major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything able the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific research is not corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition to better itself .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scintists had responsibility . Scince is a process of discovery rather than creation , i .
No - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does make a discovery , then another one wails .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is than quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to moose knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
Whild genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can nit be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
Simes of them are listed below :
The division in their family and the fight between the prince and the princes of Wsles and the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or thunk ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy should be abolished in male countries and many countries are republics , so monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
There are also arguments against xbolishing the Monarchy too .
For example , many people like the royal family or they are honest people , not like politicians . They always lie .
I think the royal failure Monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the Monarchy to be established , a general election should be called and then see if the Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro proliferation " is the fertilisarion of an egg in the laboratory i . in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimism the chances of proliferation by the pepper from the father .
Once proliferation occurs , the fertilizer egg is implanted back into the mother womb and from then on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the egg can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilizer at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
That usually leads to multiple births i .
twins , triplets t .
There are people who argue this , saying it is not natural and is it air to the child having stated life in a tenet tune , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatmeNT and who is n't ?
At what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro proliferation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
People who are for the can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who would not usually be able to have children can now do so with invitro proliferation .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a booked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it was only the first in helping her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and , so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
Tue menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a vase of a posed menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro proliferation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to she chips since her mother would be claiming her penison when she was in primary school and her mother would probably die whipping the child down in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menppause .
2 .
Ewggs should not be taken from aborted fetuses .
The fetuses will have been aborted for a reason , for example : as the result of a rape or if they had congenital deformities .
There should be a fuideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from the dead , focuses .
Science has been on dramatically since ten C19yh .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications , but many are successful .
People were able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks these sufficient requirements or , a born marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays , biological operations can be carried out on humans who are not even born .
Bodies can start on the third day of a test term .
This is called ' in vitro ferdtilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman and placed in a test test and then spell is placed in to the test and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fstous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been successful are able to have children .
A bitro proliferation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to be born and it would feel apart from her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopauszl decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to telling her she is too old to have any children , so who should she have one implanted in her ?
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother would be drawing her pension and I am sure sue would not like playing with her child .
Also , the mother may die of pod age before the child has led a foolish life . This would be unfair to the child .
The child must also have to look after her mother in her old age .
As the fetous begins tie life in a test tube , and the spdrm is selected , this means that the six of the sperm could also be selected .
Thw way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and one Y - chromoosmes .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromoxome .
Tje X chroosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a buy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex ?
Science is progressing some , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BS .
Tbis is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming an animal .
In cows it is common , known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cw showing these signs must be destroyed and not solid nest .
The problem is , however , the signs have been shown for a long time , this being a coral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain , which is affected . These parts are usually sold and put into fast food such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak , offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion , considering only a small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the forms by BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export also .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Bif - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and sometimes banned the sale or import of British food for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversity , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable drops were mate , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bone spungiform encephalapthy , or BEs .
The so - called ' mad cw disease ' seemed to make the cows lose their sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Rhose cows which had been put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the rain , and as the spinal fluid is usually pilot in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat means the industry was willing to take .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jafob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear kink has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is enlightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people ate genuinely stated of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many stabbing from eating beef .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork for chicken , Bad sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody boycott beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceprical .
If beef continues to fall from favor , the beef industry 's future will be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit goes , and , of course , stock cubes .
Should all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Evwn if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bad as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be received or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to establish whether or not BSE and DJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be concentrated by eating meat contaminated with the corner .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that three be no proven link .
Watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that men are better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 gears to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whateved you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , grateful .
There has been a big scare in Britaib recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovihe spongiform encephlaopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJ ( Creutzfelds - Jacob disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and spiral issue ( or oral as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing off will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has dedvestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Already the sales of beds in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD , part of the cow offal must be contained within the beef .
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat because it has come from some ' goodbye ' bucher trying to cut costs .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where hamburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of bond is McDonalds where the have immediately brought out a notice stating that their neefburgers are mad from 100% of their nest , pure beef and contain no offal .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation risks buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would men would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beer demand in places of food production , there would be a need for beef cows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this , the prices would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that bees containing contaminated offal may cause CJhD in humans , farmers ( in particular reef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to divwrsify towards other areas such as crops , smiling cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsudy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and bid market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salty based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed because some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Cobtribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived in the inoterest of their investmenots .
The Tye stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parfasites ; they received money , but they contributed nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miseragly ?
A migrant or mat slaves away in a yield all day long and makes less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works in a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Probably , most people believe that they are ujnderpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too much money for the work they do , but none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's too too expensive ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I think that in the past , women have had problems with society of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for the same job for a man and a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the ad that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the sons that want to stay whole do it because they want to .
A lot of what changed women 's roles is feminists .
There are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the world can do .
The problem is that these feministw have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these fekinists rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by third peers .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
Feminists argued this a lot when Iraq was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
man just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and , if captured , could be raped .
Tbey feels that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United Staters stands as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the workplace as being fair .
Also , sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believed they were the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman will do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
These are nose thongs that women can do better than men and hers are domes things that men can do better than women .
God would each create us all the same if this was not true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , bet modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Duvorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and children are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if it is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
Womeb should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is endorsed by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often observation opposition .
Two of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Szand ( although French ) were noticed and rdiiculed , thus defeating their case , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists , such as Emily Dickinson , were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumouly as being part of the moment .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Although " radicals " such as Sand end Anthony seem docild and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " morality " and Women 's Lih .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - running , anti - saving leaders of the 1970s .
The gold of their causer is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Ojly that so - called women have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of them has .
After so many years , the goof that fekinists have promoted for women has fallen by the waysid in the way of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
like many other aspects of movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public ass being aimed at was not so jaded .
Through this century , there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Finally , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to kit viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than not given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring wart into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their son culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become a tiescale route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a dispersion rather than an educational tool , as fee entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millionx of Qmericans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching at - cons , soap - operas , and cartoons .
TV has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many Amerjcan families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at an ox .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society another creative vet , a look at a world which can be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost many of kit integrate ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , its presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and its consequences have been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the Hnited States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and pareanoia among people , which has set them apart .
For example , there is more of a stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Alxo , when Ryan Whiet , a boy who coNTracted AIDcS through a blood trxnsfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Dkctors are discovering that some undwtectable strands of AIDS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people ink shout their actions .
In the early eightjes " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night stand .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , bad with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
This twentieth century has seen more mode wars than any other previous bkoc of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the race went on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atom end energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between our members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting loud planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhqps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
On a planet which desperately needs loud focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace gap and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over barely every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshell to an always circulating chief Executive commancpost from tie air .
In just the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wzll and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , ending an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more sang than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from lediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
Through this drawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic is one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiofic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in bitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthess .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
New drugs were also synthesized ; one was found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It is now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upojohn , were formed and brewed , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of many kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and lore antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillib .
The modern computer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has fame is easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
Frim ward processors to psreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automxtion of factories also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everybody has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary , as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) there now abundant computers .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computation so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surplus of " needless " consultations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or the type functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Mathematjcal models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't depict .
Dud These errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible ckmputation ) , they never make errors .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Now there are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous mistakes .
That know is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( This probably requires understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 veg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with metal arrows in its center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite dish , created in the past years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it is called the Information Age , as the last part of the 20th century is often labeled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Tee Turner revilutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , around - the - world news station .
Presidents and dictatros alike switch the channel to receive first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that night 's news CNN fommentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises sites as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dishes , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken advantage of the satellite dish , subtitlibg the Infrmation Age , with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
Tge money is pored into creating videos , and the profits from viewership- have a strong affect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. milliojares are entertainers .
Tbe Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Caboe TV and nasal programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by satellite digs .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding the amount of money in the United States , due to the satellite dishes .
And oh must nit forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes for worse .
It has created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pros and cons of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the fork that is still most familiar to us today : the Atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before has one object of such a small size been able to take so many paves .
For this reason , it is considered the most - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
For the net only has the capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to supply aged energy the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories , we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendeding poor seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
Already , as a result of pollution from other various actors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world world confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
Thew saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by apathy will be irreversible .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with you .
Wqrite your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's love is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very egocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I am eager to visit .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did not have the opportunity to experience it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically with the establishment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system also .
Life with airplanes is more rapid - paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just examples of inventions had discoveries that have had profound effects on modern day life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal , to save the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. came in the 70s with the Rqual Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , a woman still earns something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man aerns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we have " discobered " , or begun to think about rate , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women see God as who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Onmly when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear weapons .
We realize that countries which age many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
One related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dual third wastes w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have ways to plant more trees .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing many biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to the economy , it is also beneficial to the environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assumed loud energy was never ending .
Now , people are more inclined to turn off their its when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and , basically , not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do steel raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
Onew realizes that animals age right too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are n concerned with .
But we are heading in the right direction and hope by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer , whereas before I had a computer , my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sorts . I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
This means I 'm bale to store dorm information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer , I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Proceasor I 'm able to edit and arrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My coach had the same program on his computer and was able to buy tickets w / out leaving the house and , moreover , w / out picking up the phone .
Zlso , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I was born in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , a flea here from the US .
But , w / out the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston university , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied for the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
With / out this luxury , the International Prigrams Office would inevitably be inunated w/ paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the translation would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have had a significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed the pope 's life is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this even as it is happening .
Previously , people had to wait , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they ca see it happening for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while tie emotions arr still strong , and before the action is ifnalized .
As well , the face of so many people ( especially in the US ) each television means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same field of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spanish can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , thus allowing people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unifiee place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television . . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can sew various actions acted lust to their ends , and understand the consequences of the actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good hug always wins , and always lives in dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people go around acting like Supreman .
As long as it bas a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culinary seas have been calm and consistent for centuries .
Provress has moved slow like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves has shown little changed .
However , with the daybreak of the 20th century , a storm has brewed .
With this storm , the waters age churches mad spanwed a weave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
This wave is the microwave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
A complete break has been forgrd in the way fold is prepared .
At the dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As history progressed , spots of bardbeques emerged .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , wand laid ones fueled by coal .
Modern times saw gas and electric range as to apple .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Flame , the source of life , was always used to prepare the tools of mankind throughout Yistory .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating fraction , which creates hear .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away cram conventions and forges new route .
If this is not amazing enough , this microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking fume in half , and jot use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works can go home and whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slavimg in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Again , time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
For As I have said before , there is no fire !
The marvel of technology has helped lropel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us led in the 20th century .
Throughout history , one can see that greet revelations in areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Dating is something everyone must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the machine gun gas did not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
There is one transmitter and it sends kit signals through the air , waves , with the potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even compare now , our lives would be different .
Every morning I listen to the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
At night , one can sot by the radio and hear how the events of the day unknown .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the pews laking process .
Newspapers have been around for many years , but it was not until the invention of the radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radio gives him the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
As a source of entertainment , radio and the most important and now more common offshoot , television , have changed people 's paves .
A typical dang for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There have even been forms of entertainment , for example games , made for these other forms of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señira , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She suits in front of it all day and it keeps him happy .
television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - cons , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
The current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this , one fails .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the value of that the Uinted States was founded on changed in meaning sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technology such as computers , life in America moves at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family is often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , now no longer sees the real humanness between people . Instead , one sees the differences , the unlucky , he unsuccessful , and attributive their inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss . The voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
Two parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
When Voltaiee wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Françsis , which set guidelines for French literature .
Accordinb to l'Academie Ffançais , AL literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard uphelpd by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitud , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , was one of these regulations and followed them in literature .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaife defied the Acadeie 's rules .
Candid is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked literature to have good manners : they did not want to see on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
In Cvandide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaide went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Oreplion who were lovers of monkeys , aged of the Baron who bated with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual ac .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raepd by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing fare .
After the Baron is caught bathing with Mussalman , he receives 100 lahses for his sin .
Cnadide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Bzron forbids Canfide to marry Cunegonde .
Ironicqlly , although Voltire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travel ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he encounters the Baron lated in his travels .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows this parody form in which Voltqire writes Canfide .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from church and state issues .
He attracts the hilpocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Plpe .
When Cabdide visits the and of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with Yod in the real world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of Bsron , who is a dame from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks essentials .
Cfandide and his companions dine with 6 sethroned kings who represent the importance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopia society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According to Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustragion is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most vases those of the " trigger outing the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Ghirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a nus , vogue , or go to school with white people .
Desegragaiton reduced some prejudice , but it still lists .
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things in return for favors .
This is based on eauity theory .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudiced toward blacks at first .
After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
Tjis is conrormity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes to minorities in the different regions he lived in .
Oiur country has been called a " melting - pot " , inferring that we all come from different countries , that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we realize , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were ice lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The differences are discovered only bring more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to his ethnic explosion ( need most clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't EANT to accept thesis differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plight of their fellow Americans .
As Ellke Weisel , author of such books as Night , says about difference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not that familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic Americqn literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic Ametican literature is without bounds .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and visual , partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / altered because their native language is so .
African American literature is often mleodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz bad Hlues music .
All these examples ( aged more ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept their diversity .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our ads to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and porosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's gap and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen on ten more channels than cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialization nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action theills them mad can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prwvalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Vommittee , are not satisfied with it .
The Wenate Commerrce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that aloud identifies stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
Ghe bilks would apply to procrastinating and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to violence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - clip , a Tehcnology Fund , a Vjolence Safe Harbor , and a Violencxe Reeport Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
Fhe National Association of Broadcasters accused the Sebate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucrach " .
Ths NAB also insisted that broadcasters have already responded to concerns over violence on television ( Dtern 1 ) .
Sone television shows shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain pilot is involved in a murder , then the murder must happen .
Sokme people may want the actual murder to be sow , but that is up to whomever is editing the television so .
Jany made for television movies that may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised . But how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season ax concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
Thw the violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , the women ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for television violence is to add returned to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
The famous V - chip mag top dome shows from being shown to children , bit pen ray that children will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or NT .
