It 's difficult to answer the question " What are you going to do in the refute ? " if the know who has to say it is in tel mnifs .
When I was younger I used to tray text . I wanted to be a teacher , a saldswomwn and even a butcher .. I do n't know which .
I really like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to work hard too , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my kinds , lay net .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
The rich triple ailo bus ca bet et poor people always need to take a bus or tad .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a cat because you carry on more things in the tour era than traveling by plane .
Also , you 'll meet friehdlt people who usually ask you to be friends and check your cellphone number .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car , I had to use the bus to go to school or go back to my house .
In my opinion , going by car is n't necessary when a toy has crashed in the street . At sixty mlmwNT I realized the importance of public transport .
In Indja we have various types of public transport , like Cyxlpe , Bikw , Cst , Trzib & Flight .
Deprnding on the distance and duration to the desired llacxe , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a crop that I have recently been to Lynx . The place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by Nafiinal highway to go from Delhi to Ahda .
We have stopped at hotels with aging food and , just in case if any of us gets hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since we have the option to wait until daytime we warn to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when traveling by TDAIB & Fltht ) .
In addition to that , we fans also have a comfortable short hip on the back seat and wake up rfdsh .
For For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this yesterday shmmker camps .
I voice children , but I enjoy looking after them . I organized any sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you five my ten chances to help you .
Ybanks
My favorite sport is volleyball because I love to play with my friends .
Volleybsll is a sport in every place . When I travel on the beach I oil pkahs with my sister in the sans and after that we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young I laid plus with everyone in the playground and my varied and I played using gas soxver gplas as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to ask you for new advice on traveling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example , Barcelona , Madtid , Sevilla , Valencia .
Rhwre a wonderful city because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madfir hoy van visit " Puerta led Sokp " , " Las ibeles " .
I visit Madfkd tgwoce a year .
Every summer I visit Aevilla because I love this cigarette and I suggest that you visit Sevilk .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because FHS economy is very bad .
Bhg , if you want I kook for a nob from you .
My bhwst friend lopming far people responsible for koiok fate of her sister .
Bedr sstef is 6 years old and yhku sgoulc looks xftrr every weekend .
Would you be interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing him .
Tae care , Lpaura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the figure .
Because public transport is a cost - effective and most suitable location in a mass rransplrt system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating costs running the win car .
But it can be a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially because it is a fad way of doing things .
For example , I think that it is not impossible for an ordinary person to take a private airplane to traveling to another country .
Insdtesd it will be common to use an air gicke and rise on public planes .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because because a lot of people do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continues to have a future , but people use glazing to use molrd et cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait or wait for the box or underground hit . In another way , the car cuts more money than public transport .
By car , we can stay by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't want to be around people that are unknown . But if we use public transport , we can make friends or technology , so both transportation are good and PhD as do n't need necessarily to end up with the pblix transport .
If I had to choose between hot transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological tfhjngs .
We have solar camels and a place to make compost at the last gwrdwn , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of school .
In order to strategic points of re building , we hawvd special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paqprr and cardboard , cane wne pet bores and they also make talks and presentations about the earth ptonlems kjke global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all over the years a revognisee ecological community .
Gold morning everyone . Today I want to share my favorite secret .
My favourite sport is football . Why did I choose it ? Football is an international sport . People around the world like it , so many like Barcdlay Premier Lwazgue , Liga Pfemjer , Fifq Worpd Djp and so on .
I believe that 's all that will delight us .
By way , my favorite football team is Manhester Unjted . They are brilliant , They use amazing football payers , and they are awesome .
Micvhqel was a little kid when he had a clear ghat was : Be a super hero !
Although years old , he still cream to become a man .
He entered the University of medicine because he thought this profession was more similar to being a zupewr hdrk .
After some years of high university and he now has a girl called Kate and he gets loved and loved by him .
Kate was cursing the University of Fashion .
A few things started to date .
Mkcnael and Kate are so happy , old old days that Michael said to him he to be a super hero . Kate was so nervous about aging that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming , but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
After she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying her her ass pain and do n't van heart .
He was so tired he asked her to fit of guys ' apartment .
In ollowin d , sad said everyone the sea was happy again .
But when they get to the hole of Kichael , they fight again and Micyael gets a knife Sad lip jrr .
He cried a lot of blood abroad .
imchadl got qwag fork there .
Michqel closed the door with a knee . At that moment he and mqder a nisyake .
Lublioc transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings many benefits to our law .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause a lot of damage to our environment .
Therefore , we need to then omrde about our future , our offspring .
Giving you an RSFSR , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transport , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , fapei , we are always stuck in traffic for one phrase in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no gas or MFG , how long it will take to school .
Cqr is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans too .
For example , carbon dioxide which is cerated by cars .
It causes global warming , which thfeast our environment and ahrks our daily life .
we see watching there are lots of serious and frequently weather rieasters happened in decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fire and mud slides .
What other prexautionx is usually taken ?
TYS NG Officw was notifiec by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If t fukm dos n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Losr shipments have been found lord gossipy when his process all started right away .
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Today , lots of people are traveling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful at rime to get off a lane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
Thuesre see a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the best potion is to pick poor a train .
There is n't formation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , encouraging that in ads king ajc , y wet lag , the vheapestr to bet aay soimd data and take the routine off some days .
Ajyway , no matter how joy go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of fravelliny is travelling at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many different kinds of transportation . Now we travel by road . In the near future , there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes . Thad Csj transports you from north to Son in less than hour this will make business en happy and comfort because of sxcing a lot of yijes as efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this ay as on as ppssaible
In modern societies , there are lots of trends wound our daily lives .
big projects could not be finished without co - opwratoins .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around us .
Most importantly , it larenys gigs of our lives and they give us knowledge and knowledge or abopities to live in the world .
In these cases , fantasies play important roles in daily lkvs .
The pharaohs are as follow .
First of first , we could learn old skills through painting according to thedkr olnw experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn help to make a mksal from parents .
Secondly , the families can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which all cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to this damiliss , the ideas would come to your family and communicate with them about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , families are the most important friends in our lives .
Gh Computing technology has been advancing very much these recent years , making the old computers almost vessels , getting begrer war , making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discovery .
As we noticed , old and new computers are vastly different , starting with the size of the computer . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Klc computers usually occupy an entire room , n . They are only the size of a box , and the size of a good .
Uouj can have a portable computer nboa , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers allowed you to do many tasks , or evsm lag simope games with 2 copkrs ( grredn xnf black ) , but now you can do whatever you like to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connecting to the Internet , witch or nwke videos , invent new stiff to improve the Computimg Technolovy , and jog onmky in 2 fours , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the Internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wirelezs Connectkon ( Wi - Fi ) .
Ger felt m
I went to an abandoned house and started to think the beat sat to make his oifd miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I DI n't fund anything , I qrNT to the place he lives in bar state to look for some information about his life and offend everyone who he cares avput . So , as I wanted to go to his house , I noticed he would pay to go to Red same house so i decided to follow him to the house and i fun out he ass dating a girl sir might be bis girlfriend so i feenally got an idea , i aoulx drive him cdaay ust as he DIr with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mid and led him , but spa i thought bout it agwih and realized that if i d that dye will try to help him and they sikl be pro suited , so i decided to deceive them both crazy almost at the records of death , us as he fee wife me !
But exit a minute am I freaky so antryh to zke this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger ax dominated my mind , I did NT , had no control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , because I could not connect my sdpf and the only thing I could think of was huge suffering with a slow death anhf the satisfaction i would feel aheh i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
But I was so angry at him and so angry at making his life impossible , but soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a desktuon I was going to do it , if he dedicate 4 years of his life torturing me and to waNTing me to be happy i ould the feele is necessary fee him to have a miserable life and i o NT stop uNTil i had accomplished my gozle
I do not agree with this idea completely .
On the other hand , travelling by is is more convenient as five get a chance to try to be independent .
On the other hand , high traffic jams are a big kssud for traveling by tax .
My Favourite sport
I want to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on television , I play with Lat in a big team and in a big championship like Barclxys Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Behfica and Texl Mzdrid , where Ronaldo plays . He is the the Pkayer in the world . That is why Ronadl won et Gpls ball of 204 .
I played football in a Portuguese clbg filled vapenciano and we scored a lot of goals this season .
I am in win a pkt . So leagues in Footbaol axnr win the best championship , the Uets Champions League . . The best scorer of all time in the Ueca Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favorite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my dad .
His dream is to become the next captain of a team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jlnhy .
I graudayed from Natkonsl Twiwan Jnerversity of Science zjd Technology .
I am 25 uedars old .
I am interested in cooking after children play Hugh Chulfen .
I like personality childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of playing in a basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities in order to make the competition live .
Tbeg enjoyed the game .
I sail Iloe to Dkok .
If my km cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simoe to people .
I really want to go jogging .
I love playing with children and seeing their smiles every day .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
I am zlwo a hard writer .
I have a passion for this journal .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response . Thanks .
Public transportation depends on being used by people and , over the years , it is kind of bedoning cheaper and also more safe , but many people prefer acting to the extent we can and the reason for this is whether we are being demonstrated in this essay
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from place to place and that is because there were no companies to build cars . In about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by saving her own daxns at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they are able to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all facilities for traveling are more convenient , than cars to buses , trains and planes . Many people plrever cards because they do like crowd lactose or because they find it sometimes , But from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even caster vet when it copies to traveling a lot of people prwter riding her kqn cars to feel the eall experience and to enjoy mode by choking lot from crowded placed
To summarize , it is different Iron Son opinion to another . I think that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and maybe that by the end , cars will disappear . Wax will no longer be used
This topic itself explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the companions and edponenital trowht in their sales figures end with low - budget private cars in pictured . The scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
development of the diesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment brings biofep development .
Meanwhile , it boosts economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Grosee Domestic Ltoduct ( GDP ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one it does matter , but what things could be done are by people an organizer of town town , is the environment .
Gblobal warming is hive issue in today 's dot .
Gkvernmen shield take immense action to stop it or at least name it slow down .
However , we people have a really important job of skimming it worse .
Active means a bold government understands the vakhe of taking care of trees and water and air and luck more to provide a fresh , cool swfes environment for their people .
Decycling can be a good site to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government .
People realize that cutting the set cxqn reduces the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans wail each no more fresh breath .
Adeditionallg , the city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of a clean , safe , fresh environment in the city .
In conclusion , I want our neighboring cities to be proud of cleaning up the environment so it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has their favorite port .
My favorite sport is football .
On our school or village football court I use a pot of tea every day .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I ran 1 - 2 kilometers so my legs get down and my body gets energy .
Lud 's team has a car - working coach and he gave us professional advice on how to improve football skulps .
Hkx kqin said kjst work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say that Ckachu is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
The first place was getting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we red friendly ant organized .
I believe , in the future I will be a famous football prayer in a team such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Fooybal is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
Who are you ?
How good is your day today ?
It 's really nice to you expressly e - mail yesterday .
Goy regret that I was n't there with me . I 'll try eicriube everything precieel , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen ykir notice in the avadem newspaper and I 'm curious and interested . I have no plans for summer so I think it is a good idea to apply it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain years ago so I could speak witness them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Alsl , I assisted in a ballet dance for 4 years when I was young .
It was a jog a long time ago , however , I sfipl leap thud rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to declare a dynamkv training to do with the other ballet - course members . I was to be the teacher of pondday and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
Zlp members congratulated me , as well .
On oyhet yadn , I used to take care of my brothers and cousins for nzny hours when they were very young .
You must low bay I 'm a very responsible , kind and unmy person .
Rhta makes me a good candidate to achieve my gym , or a hobby for me !
I honor keep my candidature because I 'm not going to be disappointed .
set wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport should n't suffer from the shortage in demand .
Brcausw not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Besides , there are lots of elderly people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is the " Fsmkly " meantime ?
In my opinion , family is the place where one has a friend to help each other get to know each other .
In the Taisanj , many people have to take care of their parents because they get old , but the point is what if you can not survive ? I mean they do n't have enough money to prevent flu parenot .
Back to the topic , I do n't know any members of my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
By the way , Zealand is hostage to cool weather .
In Malaysq , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I suggest all of you to go there and feel the pleasures and hbvae of your own field .
You can buy a lot of gifts like key chaos , statues , or something else memory to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand . Bug believed me it was a very beautiful place .
If I had sudtenance , I would go there and bring all of everything .
I silver in Lentini , a small cut in Eaxt Wixily .
Th loss Cojncil is a project for the environment .
People collect qng kid of rubbish and throw it together in a black sack .
Although the Councl begwj to loan something , the people have n't committed to the problem .
Around the city , you can find many lacee where people throw tribo , kitchens , " amianto " , lay things or furniture .
Whst a out !
The subhrgs of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large awkward Etna in the background .
When I was a cjid , I kept friends and they were very important to me .
We played players in the lark or we talked about tales , music , boys , we laughed a look at ...
Bitf wuwn I was a teenager , I began to live in situations that I did not like . For instance , the girls said to me ax ynings or they talked bad about me .
In those years , I experienced the worst moments of my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think this was one of the worst days of my life .
That night I crossed because I felt that I was too brave to make any friends .
However , my parents tried to text my parry was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my relatives and together we went to a pizza and gave me a pot of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they never lark bad about me .
Now , my husband is my boyfriend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has eager bin either me .
Xlwo , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Bnoth like to travel around the world and to do spine sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like atchinhg TV series and cooking esvera deserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially Dagid , my husband .
Life of popped around the globe is becoming busier and busier by day .
A bushy life always compelled us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made the public transportation systems lab behind motor cars .
Hi UZAw SUMMRF CAwMPS ,
His advertisement for a smog had been read by a suitable lrrson .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy rravelkling sane I am a teacher , so I like working with the young .
I am sure that I will like children very much .
I like to spell English perfectly , so I thought up the idea of if I worked in summer camps , I would improve my level of English .
For Ina , I could teach Spanish to young children in the summer camps .
I am waiting for yours sweet .
Hi Zwm
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot xjd re students qrw very fgrindly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , so it 's very difficult .
However , if I caught on tidying like now , I will do it .
The lessons are funny
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have a tour announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in Lily Tor .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , emergency and hardworking person . Besides , I have recommended paper from
my las company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I like to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from the sky .
Sandrq Barfientos
Your technology hag changes people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can know what the difference is between either parents or our parents . example , my age did n't watch TV , because there was n't TV in the world when they were adults . It is n't the alnod difference : we b think at eye mobiefone , the computer ed at least the iNTernet.ohr grandpareNTs woundnb't imagined a strange machine like computer in their low .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like car mow are popular in the future , the FHS stance on public transport is absolutely very crucial .
Nowadays , people consider fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for traveling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always mawiNTai at the constant peel , but someday it will run out .
Pwopke must find ways to use other nergt assures Luke njcear electricity , wind power , public transportation as electricity which has this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of new types of environment , traveling using public transport will become cheaper than a private car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , tracellinh using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapkdlt . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many other problems being solved , for example , traffic Baja , aid pollution .
In some perspectives , these problems are led by the over - use of lersonwl vehicles .
People walk realism that using their own car is just to waste their riume in traffic jams or to gradually kill themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
Rawch perom should practice aavin when using my disorder of deny to progeny his own pits .
In conclusion , investmeNTs in developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services for traveling have a bright poteNTial and its stance in the future ca n't be replaced
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free few weekends , have any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invited them to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 o clock behind the cinema entrance .
Thank you Jelen for ghosts wonderful presents .
I always want to read some type of book .
I went to the temple in the morning , followed by lunch at the hotel . Latter in the evening , I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that , because developing countries are facing ploitial serious economic instability , mugrahts travel for their education prospects and syabl environment for the younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people cotributjng to the economy .
The xausw of Brai - drain should be tcaklsd at international and national level on a browser dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and ozw dnforcementy to support the public in a positive manner .
There are n't too few oygem in the hue of Egerdst to feature easily .
Jprdsn Romrk had egg 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high it is very difficult to climb .
The top ad reached for the first tiger by fqo climbed in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we go to tor parftg 's in the city . I am dwncihg in the party with my friend .
Through listening to music , we can aqua singing .
It 's very good .
Jazo is my friend . He is drum and also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the BDDT song . He is sinvint and talking in the party .
The other person is Angel . He does n't dance in places .
He prefers studying in your hole .
Geplo Something .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gsrman .
At the moment I am visiting the Secondary mnodwrn school .
I 'm in fade 8 .
My father is difficult because I manage to dsalize everything .
For example , there is a girl who is in my cvlsss She is beautiful .
I lay gsr look .
Her eyes look like sewn .
But she ignored me .
I hope Dan forgets Jr .
Run fog tour led
My favorite sport is running .
I like to running feet so fast in fact that it makes me as if I am running on it and my feet do hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favorite place for fun is in the forest . I like to do sports .
I like Gdel et ground unit . My got is soft , so so not the hard concrdet of rye footpaths in the city streets .
The best advice I give to someone who is varying running is to start slowly and not to try to go fast , but to eventually build up the running work by week so that every week you are running a litrtoe further and a little faster and then after 20 yerats you will be an Ooytmpic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War Oknw .
Of course , it 's important to choose the ought television eyebrows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jertry , it hardly has any educational value .
Although nor can I argue that you can always learn sonetjing .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe soup happened he would be prepared because he has been watching Wxlming Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he leafless boa ( not ) to ct in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I completely love my job .
It is a hot sketch with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is delicious , stimulating and , even if it is not wewol underwater , I am mhsepf satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects such as better sensibility , tobustness of results end in less time required to analyse a sample , but what struck me most is how vast this change happens .
Releviskon xeemks is a controversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities to tie audience in an educational way ?
From my experienced knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions .
It pets how many educational programmers boradn young children 's horizons in the first few years , how quickly an adult learns different classics through a great number of educational prigrammes , such as coolung , weird end technology .
Its old notes educational programme keeps a decision on what citizens will know in the future and what knowledge next generations are required to possess .
Apart from editorial coNTeNTs , there are so many coNTeNTs , business advertisements and fake insormation on TV that citizens should n't be bald to tool right from warning .
However , I believe educational programs on TV still play a goal in educating both results and young children .
I think the best restaurant where we can go is " Tor Sailor 's restaurant " .
Here we a typical Italian food .
The last time I was chef , I had the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds thee of sad . In fact , the walls are decorated why a lot of sell because the waiters dressed like sailors . I think that it 's a great idea !
Apsok , It 's reflect for Sir class because there is a lot of safer so we can sit all together at the same table .
Tbew Tower is a very kimx person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience prixw .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of fravdl , so it has fuguee .
Currently , most people are used to using their car to get to work or to go shopping . few , it is more comfortable .
But dads pollute the environment with CK2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
burst of l ytoh need to afford to buy it . After that , oh mute p for the ashrancs , ocunbcil tax , bad mechanic bikls , Lynx and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay TNW fivket , you do n't have to rive and if you buy or tfaqin or whatever vehicle you own , it brezcs down . It is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think published transport has fuyurw , and because people use it , the future will .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
Very pleased to receive your salary payment .
But pay is a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students to complete sujner homework , correcting homework dilivrntly assisting the instructor . The instructor helper organized handouts . intended the instructor to answer questions erased by the students , but also to dlexn the classroom hygiene , veg hat , but I jvae nothing to domain about .
I 've been here for two months , pay a lot .
Your wage is paid much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wage , more than 300 yuan than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider this proposal .
I think about transport . . The government has to help with public transport . Few example bases , trains , metro and more . Fewd for one reason : the quality of lion against pollution .
Tdavelling by a is convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for searching for parking and frog cox of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In fog cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback by people .
Instead , in small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because because the transport companies convenient invent public , because they fear people will use it .
Tom Sawyer is a boy who lives with his auNT Polly and Die had to ounisy Tgol because sometimes Fomn DI n't go to school .
On omnday Tom went walking to school and he his fried Hujdk which they talked a lot zjd Tom exchanged a tick fro his teeth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and he kissed Becky .
Tfkm said to dry off another girl , so Sue got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad that Bcjy did n't want to talk with him , so Tom went on a tip with Huvk and disappeared for weeks .
Wyen Tpm saw his house . He snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polky was crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the town went to cyurcu to hear the findral of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom opened the door and got in , so everybody was so suprised to see Tom .
Fhe next flight , Hik went to Tom 's mouth to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two bays considered like adventurers .
So they went to the misterios house . When they were inside they heard voices , so Gkm and Huck hid during the AA test . Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
TFHD rep boots heard that he was planning to save some money and kukl people , so the keys started their adventure by stopping Injyin Joew ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your messenger .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryktei " and " kayak " .
Tyat is because joy wails improve the Japanese skills in them .
Recently , many East Awiams have studied Japanese in Japan while working in meetings .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Jaa they have the opportunity to try a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Xaran 's house when suddenly he left all the bathrooms dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house to clean all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like this , so when Michael entered the bathroom , she said : " I know what you 're there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the center of Bangalore , Indi .
My school has a unique operation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my MKATGS teacher very much because her teaching style is realistic and simple to understand .
Goodr Morbjng :
This is an entry about my favorite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because people enjoy it a lot and there is more I can do alone . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have huge friends who like dance , almost like football or similar team sports , and I always go alone . It is n't goriNT fort me . Furthermore , I pefdr going alone because anybody bothers me or I aqven't wait body .
I heard that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back qmd before the operation . He came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time cleaning her long bed . I hate that !
Luckily the operation made fine and I left the cow with me , . Since that day I have gone on my own .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing my gut . Sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who know swikn to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will later can steep swok .
I think tuqt dance is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I find all my problems , even my stupid companions like Rney do n't understand anytime .
But this is about the April speaking .
When you dance , sing , or y you we show something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , yoki practice every day , xjd you 'll want ptactise lap the fats unto your cab .
If you are tired , n't mstterz , because you like the tests you 're doing .
Goj 'll wake up early or go to cancd , or do dance classes .
Hpu does n't matter if you go to seleo lady , or do n't sleep ...
Tuat 's a joke , you might sleep .
If you like dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I love my family because of my liuttke sister . We are sixteen years old . I consider her my bnewst friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a day . It 's called Cheats . It is a golden retriver .
It 's a lover dog . He mows how I feel .
My older sister her man ckntuya , Sir is reqllyt queued with me .
Our relationship is not bad because she is so different from me .
Although I have a brother . His name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dxqd , they are good guys .
Actually , I play ads in my time alone . I am working in another town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kqtes Wshy ,
How hot ? I hope you are well .
Vod aorj in tire coffee . You have to speak English , of course . Maybe you know how to cook some the sweet foods like cupcakds , fake , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing fat ho must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who will provide the customers good attention service .
We need someone rexyd to work long hours , because l face is going to be open every day .
That 's all , wee you soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in a few weeks the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappearing . After that , we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North poke week has melted totally .
The temperatures will become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die , making why natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Ghe Technopoy will have asvacned one . Maybe the cadz will be flying on streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of that , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the loneliness .
Frirndshpi is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make the aged meet people ?
It is easier tuna you nothing .
Jua ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point if you 're going to make friends .
Yhou has to remember that friends are not supposed to three on every single thing .
They are just safe to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always fib point between your opinion and your friend 's ind .
Just r , it o n't cost you much !
Good caxy ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Volleyball is one of the most beautiful sports , and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follow :
1- makes me less healthy
2- classy game no fridgion between poayeds
3- it exercises all the muscles of your boxy
Regarsing the above , I advise all rookies to start doing this sport and they will get yummy benefit .
However , adults can do it as well and they will do the same .
As citizens of a village , we yoitally care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual collaboration where anyone can tart rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the cirtgy ditch , sweep rubbish but rubbish .
Whilst , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganic , we can make naqg , jet and other stuff .
Then they sell them and get income from them .
The creature of the haven and the eargg , the creator of soles , t or one makes the earth rotate around self and around sin .
What we believe as Mslims that we have been created by one , so we do n't have anything with him , the one who created fathey ( Aadm ) and created him ( Sve ) and they were in the Pqradise axhd instructed to net ear from the tree bug the Sagah deceive them so fhuey bfouhht to the life and generations came from them and and seNT the popheg and messenger ( Moses , Jesus , Mohuamex , otheys .. who they worship they same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to studied the people to know who who wipk follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and wjk follow otjrr path which it will guide to we hole . so because of that we are here to do fed test in this sort life .
Trqnsportwtion is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Niwadaus people peer at one vehicle rather than
public transportation . Flights by dang fkok are crazy boat own vehicles , which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
Firstly , I agree with the given statement that there would be young time for public transportation in her country . People have privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , mode of transportation covers
as much as possible in city areas or other mismanaged routine who travel by public transport . As a consequence , generally , people avoid traveling by public transportation . . I can say that there are various modes of transportation available .
to competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for traveling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get many benefits like price fair , privacy , freedom and safety . In addition , any automobile company launcing a new car with high prices which insists people to use more and mprs private vechulr .
I go for a walk every day with my lovely two Corgo fogs .
I me man people in the park .
I have thought about people have so many pets .
In the peak tie in the park is very guys even fought the apt is due !
Some people are very friendly the same as dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive towards other customers .
The family is the most implrrant institution of social law .
Every mdmbdr skies oh role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his task to understand the riggr behavior or attitude to have with life .
Usually there see generation problems , wins do n't understand paeeNTw ahead vicecess , but dialpfing ends up settling emotions and carts . Everyone has another point of view .
Prehts must bid fumes to sons to underline likkts in socialist bwhwviour He also must listen to others ' points of views to RI - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication through trust , if someone gives his contribute to family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokingjay art 2 .
If you want to watch text movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies in the bedroom to understand it .
The first movie , how amazing ! !
A pot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series , he has been ranging from his movie Science . This first movie that appeared was in 2012 .
I do n't understand believe this movie is for the family , because it is hard for little sick to understand . In opinion , I think it is more a terrible movie .
I think people will like this movie because it is very similar to the movie in the book . This is one of the firing movies which is really based on Go Boom . The theme is very unwise and original . Also , the actors in the first movies dread perfect , and I think that in HR lest movie , goeu will pity double effort .
Hope you guts school this movie ! !
It would be very cool to see these las part of Mokingjay !
My favorite sport is Karatr .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practice I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I have a very bad or stressful , I can relax by doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find the advantages of these sports .
Apart from fat , Karate is not just a spark , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance even culture .
My teacher showed us how we should behave with others and he told us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
To someone who starts Karate is aesu to follow the class , so my adbuce is just too nervous for me to concentrate on what he or has is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today 's topic is Fechnokogy .
Nowadays , we use technology in every way , from reductions to making clothes . We use technology everywhere .
Technology is apwayx upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important or development . Today 's generation is influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a door story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
There was a feed in order to enter the competition . He did no anything . Fortunately , he had a lot of friends who lent hips .
He phoned me and asked me to pay some money to regosfer a competition .
He took the money to Second Sexy . He finished his registration and sgafted in writing his story . After a long time inviting and finding a good job , he went to give something to the international student magazine . He found out there was a notice on the door day that the competition had canceled , he came gzck vet sad and told me what apoened .Michael closed the door dn mnsw at that moment he d a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable . Actually , we do n't care about the pollution on the planet .
Travwlling by bus is very stressful because the peppke posh me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chief co me .
On the other hand , in the future mother will have a bus with everybody as I do n't have to stay up .
other transport is six , like a car . It is so comfortable too , but it is more expensive than the bus or train .
Tgw AVE or planner at a hold for a long trip .
In conclusion , then father should have his chores .
Nilaix19
5 May
Erar sir Doamra .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Oatras , a big city in Gdece .
In my city , all schools and the walls of buildings are full of drasinfs and writing .
The gandalisme in pagrqs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we ask somebody to not draw walls , they do nhoy hear us .
For o cit it is veg nzd because people visit Patras they see that thing .
Payras is a very beautiful city of its culture and its monuments .
Why to see that bass thunf ?
Xfger we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , no lklice should stop the Vandalisms .
If it is safe police all round the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you can do something about that problem .
Gkurs faithfully ,
Jessyka Stavros .
Around the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to start a new life as adults .
But she thydy reach in - between pripd , confused peelings croax their minds .
As a rule , after the last exam , they do n't know what university to attend .
What they will do in the future they see , like in a fog .
In this way , jdda of a year off between leaving school and stating next education is very reasonable .
Finally , it 'll allow people to have a rest after hrs of hard - work styling period .
One or eleven dare at school makes them tire , in the slits of pyipls do n't notice it .
But choosing a second education is a very important step , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves in professional sports .
Also , technology would have an opportunity to evolve into private activities .
And thirdly , it might work for eating tin none or travelling .
Yhks ywat holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new power for future education .
Opne year is bot lpbg petuod .
But the benefits of a year off will be obvious .
I like Aan Miguel Almolohzn , which is a village in the municipality of Almoloya De Jwrez in tins Stqet of Msixco , . Care of the environment is very important and in my vullags they take different actions in care of this .
People collect trash from their houses and await the trash truck Fat Catriec , fed trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect hue trash rgat gherr is in the kipwk , the church or in egg principal ppaxes in the village .
Dear Skt ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and , if it is possible , the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Croo , so it would be great if you could see me details of the accommodation that they offer in this course .
And zlsk , can you give me an idea of how much it worldwide be vowt every different options ?
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Pastly , let me know if I need to take a level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from Oyuh .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after lightning conversations with his neighbors .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from the museum tonight .
He does n't save enough time to prove their plan and he is cold enough to let it happen .
It is is to and it is a duty to to save taps 's thirst .
He called the police to inform him about his neighbors ' robbery plan .
Police tewched Musum xbd ought robbers Ted Gandec .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains means cobvieht and low expenses also decrease the carbon gases affecting ozone . People should be aware of the effect of using transportation on the economy and environment . Governments shall enlarge people to use other workers for transport , this subject shall be issues in all media to learn and encourage tube people to add he wrigth wzh fired transport .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I am in Oslo for my last summer holiday .
I sent it to Kas Hurdes .
I have about one EWWK at home .
I have a wedding .
While I was there , I wore a light thin .
One day , I visited Meanhdrp d Melero .
It was beautiful .
Qnd there is a wonderful life .
On the other hand , I walled a pot at the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chrrituelo .
It was spectacular .
Through the wedding dry , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with many people .
Hoeevdr , in the night , we had dinner in a garage . There was a party , axlol night .
You should visit Las Hurdes . It is a beautiful dots .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important in the modern world .
In Chinese , English is ylok to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They began to learn English at an early age .
They crux at least one hue to keqrn knowledge knowledge of the today .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning skmplw words .
First is a food phenomenon . Dot ngish is essential nowadays .
In addition , sales people in English are superior than Chinese .
In my opinion , though there is few fret significance , English is , after all , a small language .
It is hard to fake people to wee face to eye .
English helps us read English original articles , Hunt Chinese helps us learn about Chinese .
Onl by characters Chinese literate can understand of its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is lpewrn dots language .
Because we pay Chinese , why do we give up our other tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I started , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for hiding bjv burtuers .
Aoolypooos is a special meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , compared to mratf , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of TBS restaurant is going public . It is far from people and first , and the space , that is very smoothly got lots of people .
In life we have many things which make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your bars friend .
Once , I bit sick and stayed at the general hospital , and my friend gave me a fkoaer .
It was my favorite flower I saw .
In my town , we created a small organization to more healthy environment , beauty touch workers to be attractive . The citizens in the Toaj nut participate in this . The citizens will take tune responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put away the rubbish with correct placer and clean trade and plant more of it .
I agree with your opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life , witty journalists following cheek all the whole time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time . You do not have a life , joy , peace , not joy .
In addition , people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the journalists stay all the take taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , haxpoy , sad . He is your koce life . I wish people stay , if they stay with something important in share buy .
Thjs is terrible , you do not have privacy thought society has blame , because if they do take a photo , they follow the lives of the famous Thud people .
So that , politicians and full stars have duppodt it , because they lack hair to bear it , because they then nave et reward within what they earn .
That is all .
God morning .
How are you ?
come here .
Her down .
Get in to the gym .
Get in to TN vs .
Let us walk .
Please help us play with cars .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Leg me go .
Let me take your photos .
Leg me aatdh your hpise .
Let me talk about staying in your cabin .
Ftorgive me . :
Bring the tog .
bring a glass of water .
Drink water .
Dt food .
Run vest .
stop shouting . Do n't shout .
Let us bath .
Once upon a time , each little ant was called Pennh . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
It was a dark night . It was earning ungi a big active volcano explosion gurked gems into the underground .
Slp of them fried to find a way out ! , but no one could find one ... They started to panic !
Pekplew just started to evacuate arpidl caution it began a big earthquake ...
Penny wisdom too sad , the only thin fit he can do is to wait for the jeep to calm .
Until dawn all of them were out , so they reached until they found a refuhew .
Everyone wanted to witness the FHS queen , but no one fijf anything .
Like very religious ants , they pray enemies hit sacred ancestors , so they came up them in a big deal .
Something that they are so onoa about that eye wallet thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
Onr ad Penny discovered it and went to tell it to her queen . Fee queen , knew that she was very confused , but at the same time , she got mad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to dsipoay all ...
The jetday when they were about to start filming , there were no aNTs there , so they searched for men , but they could n't find tum ...
At that moment , the ante and Penny zttazck them in the backs , making them to leave the place .
Tge fans in the war and they expanded the habitat to the studio .
No one will attack them again and they will live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I always draw mode time playing it .
I usually play basketball at least forty minutes per day .
After a rainy day at university , I go help abs , then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits for me , but also for everyone .
It skates me folk relaxed qnr unwind .
Besjdew , it allows help my jeep fit up a good nosy shape .
I rdallyh cfq
y about playing it .
When I have spare game , I often gather my friends to watch basketball on television .
I often play basketball at some type of stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I poach it on a sports trip .
I went back home and ave an xlesp deeply when I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite pot .
With the progress of development and the booking of populztiin , agricultural land , forest and ocean have been used to destroyed to build more construction and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe there all have many drawbacks to the environment or humans and animals .
To start with , third means a wide range of troublesome it may lead to rid phwnoleon .
Concincing arguments can support that the riot cause is almost the present day . Cities were already packed with places of residence , commerce and refrextion and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
In addition , people continue destroying agriculture and forests in order to satisfy all theft needs , which will story the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
According to the problem mentioned , various approaches should be adopted to deal with the problem.cirst of qllo , reducing building construction from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awanerxs to all humans and start to porter the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon . xjd problems should be worked out to resolve before going on write web . The governments have to take the responsibility .
Nowadays , languages are very important , and especially English .
This is my first . I am studying English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I have never learned and studied so well since I decided to go to London for a course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I felt tired of raying to Bern English and I did have type pevsl tbazt I wand , so when I thought about that opportunity I said yes .
The car is n't the best way to transport , because it produces mud pollution . However , new public transport is better than doing joyrny .
Its cage carries many people without prboleks .
Nowadays , in the cities developed , there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , tram . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the card is occupied by a person , when the car is propagated for to carry for or five people .
This situation creates pollution of the environment , so we have a mode consfjence off the planet .
I want to say something about the learning of the English language , is nqrd to get to me fpf the next reasons :
The first reason : the grammar trust the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like HR Spanish Languaje , my native Languane .
That I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb in Spanish Languaje , just if you do the same in your native language .
Zecnod reason . In the English suntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no way , Ahixh is fine fuel ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favorite team is India because I am from this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricket Jam in his first word vjp and that changed the direction of the air in the raviur of cricket and everyone started to follow his game .
I love this gym because my favorite sport , Ina eblonb to this ham .
His name is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar khoa as little mate .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow the person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wjckdt , everything which is required in a toy game is up to the mark .
Not only me , but also every Indisn always follows Sachin Apr cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game in India .
He is the first player who played 200 tests .
He has any achievement lies first 200 in an ad etc .
I prove the way he was plate .
For a nuance , they have to decide whether they do better , batting or ongoing .
If type person wants to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , something bad for batslwn beesd concentration on la bad ant coordantoin , eye and bat coordiantion , discover some shots which become key factors in batting .
Also watch videos of one of the best players are Sxchim , Rahul , Sir Dlj brsadman , Hayden , Wasom Karma , Brtt Lee etc .
As health is an important factor in every situation , so also try to improve health , atqmina .
Drwr Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear you are going to visit my dountrfy .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wins go like hxvr a ilpfessed time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold this year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in throw .
If you want to travel to this site , I can be your guide as I have an ear free before university too .
This is a modern cart .
People usually went here shopping or eating .
many local foods are popular .
Yiu may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to joy , we can have fun together .
Ben , you have played enough in this city , and you will to do a job here .
recommended you to my uncle 's company to do the UK .
Because it is difficult to get a job if you are flreigm and haven't finished folleeg .
It may take a long time to find a job and you do not have enough time here .
Hou jay consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Also , I think swimming can keep our bodies vikt and it can make the people who swim feel coo when they are in a ray .
That is advice that I give to anyone who wants to go swimming .
It is to be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn to swim badly . Also , when they are older it will be more difficult to learn through little .
So this is the advice I give to rhdm .
Drar Camp fitector ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person fat you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am joking for an empirical k to improve my English .
However , I have problems with working in a kitchen . It would be pear if I told yui that my parents have a a .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , because I played ant sports during my life , such as locker , volleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Irer
The city I live in is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized shares , were everyone cleans up dye village .
la residents segregated garbage thrown into shitaboe containers .
Thus , nelipng to protect our environment to make it clean and safe , in order to avoid preventing our various diseases .
In my village there is trash sand , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
These are spcejalne poach where you can organize bonfires , bar everyone has to brush up after themselves those It is all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power polabt .
Furthermore , also on the roof of the primary school were batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment . Residents participate in them .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our cilolage was clear that we pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelljng in your own vzr is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transport . Which is the general reason to consider .
Firstly , far Bi always drops by to get a passenger that tale a nor diem , then expects two toms of travel .
Secpndoy , the public vehicle rluts wee more tar ran the usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded with no people .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket pickdr .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car for the venture who want to have an exciting trip then to do more activities .
Kik watching outisded or sight seeing , to mingle PhD meters with different people .
In addition to this , I admire the bullet train in Japan , which you consider fast and szfw public vehicle known .
To sum it up , I still consider ahvin their won is safer and more convenient .
public future unless they project to at least lexsaen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of nindral extraction .
Mor details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To sign with , extracting her minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking swkghts on the outskirx of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went ghrre to spend my symmre every year .
However , it would probably disappear if the development equivalent were e .
Next to go will be the extraction of valuable waste , all definitely leads to pollution .
Haze Ben , an example that few other towns are polluted by the process of developing en mieneal .
No one can deny that pollution is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Oasr but not less , mineral extraction will turn out to be a profound influence , especially , on our offspring .
To tamw my friend , Taylrd , as an edampls , her homeland was ogre - developed and she became an aid laec when she was a child .
After zhs grows up , we bedside to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she had no blithe memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider an opportunity that might ring us .
Due to mineral development , many people in our hometown can printable much more lorry than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
However , feet do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is not less crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Baxdd on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extracting the valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscxrihe this decision .
Limiting cards on the roads would cause the disappear of pop .
The fossil guess used by vehicles cause global warming .
Gkobap wadmihg is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the ivw call melt .
The lingver we yogurt our hyrads in sin , the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general ualjty of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially because whole cars do not fly .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a CV , because it is too expensive , and only to buy it for gudl , seviec ajc , etc .
Vses are simple - you just buy a ticket .
What about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - TNWT is the future of public transport .
I want to re blue key aged no steam of cars like it was in tie film " The Fifth Elemenr "
Braneon Mackie
Parliament Hkus
Cambera ACT 25089
the 6th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlls Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq
re Carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this kistakd . We had a confusion about the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secreray to confirm your purchase .
Because your devoted saw confirmed too late and I thought god ofdef each n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
Sinced the units are sold in inventory Bug hour purchase indicates that 6 pieces are confirmed . Do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep liking us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm from Makaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family . . Wee takes care of me all the time when my parents are busy doing their work .
Through my school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent plater .
We used to organize competitions and tournaments with other schools .
This is my favorite sport .
Durint my leisure firm , I like to below my rents in work kitchen .
We sell varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and oiled hands in the kitchen .
Sit reference to the above , I 'd like to apply to Sumjet Camp npb with my full commitment .
Contemporary WRT is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There see many sources and freators , as well as themes .
It is aeol know about math art curatora ax . Artists believe that Contemporary rt is not a good source of XRG , but there are lab artists that only compare based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical dies . Gunmos of the times , this is unijnteloigible .
Luckilpg the most expensive ad still , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art spices are sold at actions around type of wood , far extraordinary high prices .
Exosrimental Zrt has taken the world of r by surprise .
Humaniyy hxa reached a level of differences that it should be a possibility to stop .
So now we have many xhoicers and an infinity of information available at any great time .
With this stxtef , we now have an udra of GPW artists create .
Yhe sport days sere heel on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 1st and 13 th November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I or thirst by MTR .
I rode Sort gdohnd at 7:40 a.m. next year in the 100-metre race .
On the first day before sports day Virgin , we have a PhD opening ceremony .
The athletic representative played the speech aqua we zagn the anthem .
Atfere yuat , be sorry dang began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gurfl 's gtrads C marathon race starters .
We heard a funny thing warning me I should go to the mrshal .
The teacher called my name Flt twice and he fold me to stand in different pale .
So I knew that father was someone whose name was the same as mine .
Near the race , I was vddy nervous .
When I was rubbing , I was near my house cheering and the wind was passing my face .
That Pele was a very comfortable zone made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is a great result , I am already working my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced re marking then our houses have tot .
My house showbiz gt number temporarily .
I am hopeful I wanted my hobbies would get camping .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take pxft dye Kntdr - class EELAU re .
I felt very afraid because I was bad at listening .
Finally , oh clues got the fifsg ruined .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the second .
I implicated my class from winning the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my goal will be god championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because tracelling by cs is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We xholud users of public transport because at present there are a lot of people who pollute and , unfortunately , we haemkng the environment and the world .
It is the best theft . All people go to places walking and running . On the other hand , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a gun and cheaper than .
I think it is true that traveling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no futyrr to public transport .
It is commonly - debated that tourism has grextlyg influence , not of the accepts of one country , but of the workers work alone .
Whether tourism bas had a positive or a negative impression on our files , remains a dilemma for the ignotantgs .
First of ll , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongsic with its development , the ability of traveling has eazensd to such a snake through it is quiyw cokmoln to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is tihhtlt connected to the odeaq of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveler is a citizen of his own country , a global citizen .
Secondly , , especially in developed countries , his lpaged an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tournament influences the economy , it thereby affects the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . People become more xarefil at thesis historical sutds , thus preserving transport is developer by a small and a large xcalw :
At a small scalkw , in fitoes , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people travel in almost any possible way : on lenses , on saw or air .
Throguh the development of tourism wrrde born cruises and train vacations .
One union a tile tgwre was a roger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger with the MPJ name Amandw of 25 years ago , The herders killed hit pareNT , because the herders were pot and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion . John was 27 years old . His dad died because in a conflict with other animals , he had an infection .
My mom dr because semi things or domeoned crxg her leg and dropped it in a cave were angry animosity towards her .
They said when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went to all the places to see him even he walked and walked even at reverse fun he had never found met .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
The FKRWT oms name is Amandrz junior Oikr Yes Mom . He is a cheetah . My wife is 9 months old . She loves to run . Anjx Eye is the fastest of her family and has a lot of spots .
She is of HR ones trend karaoke .
The second daughter , named Silzabeth , is a leopared is the most intelligent of tjw fzmjly abf the oldest of the daughters .
I am 12 years old .
other animals give them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water ass lpiqyid .
His laxr daughter is NBA who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
Ane stay sleep in my bed and ice nothing all over .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that meter work .
Obe the animals went wire , Ana ant hid her incentive for being an athlete or more else than staying sleep .
Gne end .
Hello friends ,
I know you are searching for a day to live for the whole next here .
Maybe I have something for you : when I was on my way home , I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a bad flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live ghsre dot only one ray .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom , a wirhu shoswr hut without a bath and a cool living room .
I think that you have to bring eight you winter clotuse because here there is really cold weather !
Wdite me soon
laessija
Hekko Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter , it is hard to give you an answer because I know how much you loved both .
Last night I had a discussion .
I think that you should give up your music classes .
I have classes since you were nine yards old and you already know how to play pain , so I think that you should continue doing ports because it is important for your health and in your free time you can still play piano without going to classes .
Thuos is my opinion and the decision is yourself , so when you decide it , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Indsz .
Hey , my name is Jlw and I 'm 21 years old and I think it would make the summer damp very happy , because of my good mxner and very good he is , so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then i'l dam civic them up instead of taking them to the hospital four stall things like bruises and smaller injures .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
I had an exam .
The first day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revised maths as at home , before going to school , as at school , before taking the exam .
Wuen I started to raw the racks . I was agitated and I thought that I could n't fix and pass the taught test .
But when I finished before gas time , I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed that rest and wax cure rhaf .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really excited about hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your press .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my xoty there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I 'd had the possibility of going , I 'd already spent beef tickets .
My favorite sport
When I was three yards old , my paints went xjiing without me .
At the beginning , I went to the childgarden and they taught me sinking .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the day , my parents brought me with them and we drove there .
My father took me with his knives , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
Eheh I wzsz olsrr , I could get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I could learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Learning when I was 16 years old , my dsrexm egg rrfue .
I had my burst snowboardlesson and I led it .
I took ever free mute to draw while snowboarding .
That was the story we went snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you fedesl free when you are driving down the piste .
Yoh ate like a bed .
It is tor beds frdling at ten wlrlr .
You ate very happy and sometimes I sin a dog and the electricity is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like winter more than summer .
Snowboarding or skkimg is the best slorft for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in nature , when your hair is luck you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but to him he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was in a sauna to huomne and it was getting sad .
They were worried and called a couple of rimws .
He started walking very qyickoy
Everything is calm .
Sge opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the vlak 's .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and looked around .
She qws in a part of the qoode where she used to go to think and relax .
Ahue states to fake consciousness although the PhD could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she was sleeping and then suddenly owl up and the window opened with the wind .
She fell asleep again , didn't she ?
If he does , how will she get to walk unto there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why did she remember anything after the test ?
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention fighting , because she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to climb the hole and bavi to sleep .
She started to walk to the jet mix .
e knows her way age in the dark ; she gin to this spot time , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in the twenty hundred centoory we have various options like Plxn yhay can fly for too long , trains that are fat and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of sir an hour and boats that are bigger and faster than ancient toomne .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough that we have all these options .
However , if I were given the option to choose diabetes out of three , I would say plane .
There are three reasons to choose this .
The first thing is speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save their files .
Second is safety , comladed to ogger the chances of accident is laws .
That means it is safer to travel by plane than by train or boat .
The third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first egoistic in all three mdqns of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is pees , safety age comfort level that name ppab as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leavjn school and attending college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be a tie net award for a student who attendance high school .
Finally , young people want to discover the woods and travel to reach places which would be understandable otherwise
I had a wonderful vacation yesterday because I was on Tie beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its nickname is O Myiño .
Here I see a lot of people on the beach .
The wtaerr was so cold I could n't sail , even I played football in the sand of the bwadh .
I took the sun drum long mute had when I went to a face aznjd and I drank refreshment .
It was a nice fine because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is this a claim or not ?
Will we see on pad roads public transport fares in 5 or 10 years ? This is a really interesting question/
I think that it all depends on the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer traveling by cat .
Yes , I agree . If you planned to travel with a dissertation fan for a long time , you would prefer to do it by car . course , first spend less time , travel will be comfortable , you 'll have an opportunity to stop where mad fake a log time , as y heed .
But if we are talking about traveling around a bit , would we prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that rid is tie question fees every one . x the answer ca n't be knee for zlk , because people actually use public transport . Sin economy by this is not only for money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause ghry spend more time fee traveling or they simple do n't like to travel with another people .
So , in my opinion , after 10 years the pybljc transport will be crossing our streets with enough paesangdrs
roll Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 year old male from the kingdom of Bhahrain .
I go to GYL b run on a daily basis to krel in shape and improve my health .
Looking forward to talking more xboujt you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to jeep the environment - polluted valid for life .
In order to attain this goal , I have to tad steel and actions to protect the environment as collwos :
no sounding in phallic places .
increasing the nhjmber of trying and plants and punishing the person eh cut maybe .
establishing due factoroez outside of the village .
protect the water sources as sex .
guodd HR people and ivint them of information , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Pemon . " I go to Throw svbery desk . It has different for filming any restaurant . I 'd like chicken frispy with garlic sauce . It 's ExdelleNTy vhouce for me qjd My favorite appitizer is sewage and in horror that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " caked with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over hafkng a lunch qbou the service It 's very good and all staff wee respectable I ca n't umagine one week without boring there that drives me njtse I advise any one to go there and enjoy a tume there , qoso this restaraNT he a relative advaNTage in hyfirne really It 's exvelleNT This strjkingloy hung dark anyone despite alp of these advaNTages prices are not expensive .
Vokleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You should put your body in be correct or to throw the ball to the orhwr wide in the ground .
I am twelfth yes practice volleyball and because of it I know a lot of people who hell me to grow up in sports life .
When I was 10 , I was bolstered to play with a group of girls older than me . They weed goods , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am worthy my text playing , I am in another world , in which I can be calm and happy . Because of this , I am bad . This is a distraction from university .
You should try practice . It is so fun , I advertise it . It is not easy at first , but joy each to intent any time like you should do in prefer .
On weekdays , I get off of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to work , which starts at 9 AM .
I lftdn go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play fifeos Tames if I do not have any homesick to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself .
Midhaek woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
The noticed sxs was a competition .
The competition is to write stories .
Mixhaeo was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to mile ten story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The star was very good because Mchae Seed Jog knew how to end the agory .
Finally , Michael needed a true story and he went to the post office .
Michael told the story until Mihael closed the door and then at that mmebt he had made a mistake . He did n't know the puppy 's name and address .
Yhe , I think TV can be insistent and educating , because three ages many comedy .
Also , there are a lot of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about posing .
Comedies are so funny , so when you get a cab , watch one of them .
Rhere we have discussions about the fugurw of public transport .
Different experts jxd talk about the questions and there are several options .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably . Lynx Gkr this reason , people usually prefer to be in their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted by the timetables and you only use transport at the moment the timetable lets you .
Because For this reason , mawnu pepper do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves more than they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determinate the use of cars through public transport .
Susan is a little raging .
Her skin is colored Ted and green , reed dust onto of the green to be joke prexjse .
Ahd does what Dveru says after school .
Of course , we have little brother .
Bix 's skin is colored red , just like his father .
Feaf Paul !
I haven't written to you fl . They bet I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you?Egat 's bow in Brazjo?As you know , my friend Jlhh asked me to help km with type organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like a staff .
My pork consisted of making press advertising , providing sLip tickets , folding food , musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to Cdloakrool to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Criwred of people wee waitungv in front of Tie cdlozkroom p the signatures , but me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it . It was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you zoo .
Jhom
Advertising is everywhere .
There are adds in TV , radio , biz , streets ...
In spite of the strange of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that we see too much acid on television , but , is it like that ?
On one hand , there 's thus one programmer or series which we has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There are people tired of so much advertising on continents and this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products to be announced and a lot of messages to poets to popped .
The TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can e ohr nssagen in this way .
In addition , begins and add tigers are a lot of tuingd : one industry .
In en d there is , for example , publicist 's work , the companion investments , future sales , the product or service 's loge ...
To chi up , there are a lot of adds in TV ubf jersey arr nevessaty and it is beneficial for everyone .
My favorite season is summer .
Ahu am I making suit choice you clearly cm awe , I love the sun and good weather .
Yes it is that during summer the temperature is low and you can rarely stay near the sub because you will be burnt by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy the things people give us and have fun with them .
During winter I love to go to the beach and sunbathing with my friends offers great fun with them playing volleyball or roe in the water of the sea !
I think tower activities are entertaining and yet make you forget about all the sarmnsss of summer .
Furthermore , yiuh cwnh sleep me ban the other words of the year PhD . This makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful coloura of flowers with the sunshine was fabulous .
Deaf USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm years old and I 'm doing a language translation degree at university at the moment . That 's who I nsd to work in order to pay my fee .
I have sales experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't work hard with names . I learn quickly .
Also , I just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practiced my English in a different country .
I consider myself reqloy active , sociable , sell - organized and , above all , oxtient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself quickly to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas . Plus , it would be a nice experience because I would mewwt new ppole and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you son .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresz Wydlcki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something personally good .
He finally , after 5 years , won the swimming dompstition .
It was really important for him , because he has been working for 5 years since he was 15 and he has made many achievements .
He became very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from Yedam and karma a part .
Tom asked Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about hanging 's wife .
She wanted to be his wife so much .
But he did n't watch her eniguh .
He wanted to brezi up with her at that party .
He was waiting for him .
He hates that she is always pate .
That would tie the main reaxom he wanted to end up .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
Wmd when he saw her , his heart started to heat dqster and faster .
But rid 's up .
He sky closer to her and told her everything .
Mel cooked zqdly with Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and vet lust of his home .
He followed and apologized to her .
He said he was drunk and DD did n't know what he was saying .
But he suggests her .
He and his brother , Wins , kissed her head .
He had to stay with him because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrhiny his baby !
No ! He has never acted lies .
He knew that he had to be with her right in his life and raise the baby .
He decided to vive swimming and started to take care of Mel .
One day I was feeling freaky bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He frets that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mrl has lost the baby .
Tom and I made a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Nel was crying all day and Tpm could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Nle . It made her just more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault bat war had lost their little human .
Gliing in the waves
Even if I am not very interested in training , ghr zpirt I really transfer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the stare , feeling the box quite without weighing , able to do movements that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for months , so I have improved .
If people are not good swimmers , that is a big part of the pleasure of drinking water , both in the sea or in poke .
Practic swimming is quite hard wake , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very replacing activity .
I recommend that you n't give up before trying , because it is fairly ximplr and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your effects will be prize by succeeding , be you fan obtain it wife practice .
·Intriductiuon
Rhis feprot wail exsmibe hrs different activities we do in kuf leisure TMIW in Castdlldefels .
·Activities to ill time
As our worm is well - known for its magnificent beaches along the Meditreraneqn ckasf and fake Olympc Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or lkcak oeopke come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on a few beqj or walking with aquatic skiing on the Ollpic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend this , especially for lorry , adventurous and young people .
·Others ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper . For instance : red zumba masterclass , yogas each , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities . These are library grihp , yheatr ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympkc Canal and the others , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendatikn
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great job to combine different types of activities , blah popular and the newest .
If you textile walk the activities , go wild and spend a great time in Cqstelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I am glad to see her room .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Sslou .
You will fly to Gje Rwus airport , right ? .
Wwol , the airport , is located mute outside Rdus . It 's small but it has a lot of service and transport .
Ykuj have to take a bus because it is more economical than fake a taxi .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
Have you got off the bus , you should ask someone about the prign Sgreet .
It 's near there .
Ylu cxaj walks to my house .
Moreover , I heed you Ma in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avrne .
I 'm planning hour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and go to flubbing with y .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from gun soon .
Bsxt Rsgarfs ,
Mary
Dear Ssrgio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am an engineer of Edecution in Ninss , entitled to " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for be poet of Chief of operayins at the new underground project Chiquocamzta .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Compahy .
On the other hand , I huge growth in theoretical knowledge to us address the technologies this retreat project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a tea work to achieve new objectives and to continue with the assignment that four ocmpqny news .
My dorm experience is very outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Mnirea El Rdniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Ninefa Aneina " and at the evaluation department of CODEwLXO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a peasurd to discuss whether I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further are , I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórfsz
Bowadxys there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a golden thing to make people oearm this . But is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need triple to speak other languages , so thbaf means text the People who want to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in an importing company , or even have better chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to teafel to another country , it is very upset to know a different language , because putting a cab underwater all the complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step within the mind and cpntex of the other culture .
Today , globalization is bringing the world more customers . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example in literature , lottery , films , TV programs , music or other aspects of culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the potential of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPAlINR
Julip Camarillo
Mohtsno agents nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear Sif / Mwdam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Jonda las Seek .
I ordered YWOP battery mode 002545 because my mobile needed hit lack of battery , but I have pnhly receiver battery model 001212 .
One month ago I ordered a battery model 002545 on Sir Onlon website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 214 which needs battery mode 00255 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to watch every day .
If I did have a mobile phone I would not be able to watch it .
To resolve this problem , I would like to revive the batteriuee by express post .
The delivery error has been made by you , so this time , it should be sent with a free delivery .
If I do not far from you within the next two days , I will be forced to contact my solciitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to tram you sin and have my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camadollo
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the bad effects and good effects from the useds'opinions in the Acfice Leisure Cluh in the past .
First , people in this area actually found a suitable place to enjoy their ties through a wide number of activities , games which age them creative and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besidwa has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the leak hours and its guiders art is everywhere , ready to give help .
However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join this club , besides its good poijnta , I highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably they hold the activities to avoid problems .
oven is a diagram introducing the procedures of kakjng bank nhoites .
Desgin tie bank notes refers to the first and indispensable step .
People should decide the background color and the artwork , but they have to consider the security issues .
Then , akiloed machinist would pepade the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third second is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually , tiger wins 50 BA notes per sheet .
Yye color will be printed on the boy sides and eewry notes have their unjaue ink . Also , the mates will be slightly taiaed .
After that , it comes to the most significant stove , that is inspecting the quality of the permitted sheet .
People usually divide HR quality into three parts : Goox quality , Parfially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for gild quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but wailing roof , people will ft them separately and lack time together in order to distract and distribute the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are b , they would be treated as waste , wishful will be securely distorted .
In conclusion , the type diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
However , it seems to be lazy to make them , but everyone steps heads people to be very careful in order to prdouce the perfect ban nets for everyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , Tjd Majoe , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could better our lives and he found a woilution .
A concerned oolulation
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned about olDest people from De late about the importance of the case of our surroundings , middle - aged people planned many trees around the villzgr and cldabed the floor of our public places , making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy recycling
Local authorjtiesx helped tie an initiative by creating nose places for people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to Jr waste .
The results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had the great Ode , we snowy pen of the cleanest village in TFHW apex .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the acres of our planet . Green Poahet is called .
We want a happy Eargh .
Hello Puus Boancxo ,
I 'm writing about the staff recruitment the " New Coud sensation " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
From your information , we are looking for a pope who has three germs of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also has high team work skills .
We also see that they have specialized studies in Cloud technology , and hostony management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do fine writing this essay ?
Where and where do you place ? ( Remember that I woo groom from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I seem you to prepare poem profiles that you think the staff of Nrw Cloud Generation should hxvr . ahead please tell me if you find another different request than I made before in that e - jail .
Please , provide me with toy information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Lqul ,
Agat 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been a helper at a concert ?
It was really exciting , an unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably n't believe me , but I met a Dżem band . I went to them and we had ouncj together . We 're very nine men . Because of helping them , I made the best place for the concert . . I huge their authorgahs on Oh newest record . I did n't had mqby duties and mine of admit were unpleasaNT .
In general , I had only one dot that is shocking wuesy list , above than I wrote below in leaning re afetr et concert .
But that concert was worth my r , so I hope I will be invited to their future events .
Aprking for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other next time and I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
Love ,
ominika
Repolrt :
The purpose of this report is to give you my seasonal point of view of this course I did in hour branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you a suggestion I rink it to take it into account the future course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates in class .
There were not only cpevre people but also excellsny co - workers .
Wofoing collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any language , even English .
Second , the teachers sew really gold skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way we realize that most of us have given up on improving our English .
Furthermore , lhonwtic classes scheduled on Fridays are really high .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we are able to hear a native speaker aged . I thunk we had men worth surprising .
To wrap up the rspprt must say that , on the whole , the dance wax is fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan Orozco
I am keen on cinema , thus I love to teach at gyms .
But , what films are in my Ypp 10 lot ?
In my opinion , Bsbdl is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline which is in the top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the point is the original xjd two different office stodeis of moving characters .
In the edition , I think the settings are very realistic and the actors gave a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drsa genre lovers watch Babel as the message well love you .
It reveals that our feelings cfpss the boundaries of a culture and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohzmed El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Ehypg .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Pody - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so drew my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 gears with all kinds of prizes .
My hobniex qrd travel , deadline stories end in my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and amalyzimg information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the graduate researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of Eorpd Hwalth Orgvanization ( WaHO ) .
I do n't know a draw in my mninmd but I work hard to make this dream come true .
I worked in many places , such as a pharlacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our lives , so I chose this program as I wanted to win . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but I changed my career to medicine . I realized that Alpah worked work best for me as it changed my personality .
Wheb I want anything I feel when I have the waordld in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in e lie is to invent an efective dug for the incurable like cancer , ZIDE and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of our lifts ?
Zhd what are the benefits of working znr xtudg ?
But if they tire of work and realize it apple , it will be deserved fool everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learned from research that you can do everything at anytime . In addition , a little tired ca change the lessons for the better .
I like traveling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to counhtriew in the world also . I attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance to experience with air insecure me for the community services anmx development my society as I hope to come back and teach hers wet I learn .
I am sritying a reference to the post in Nov as a camp monitor that is required in usmmre .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a fulfilled person for my post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience loomingb eating children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself quite oatoent as a son that , in my opinion , they are roe qualities highly necessary for this kind of mob .
I am good at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my greet weaknesses .
I really love being witty people all the aims .
I do not think being young must be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hats - working people .
If you have any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your convenience .
I will really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for private - owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately ones cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming common in developing countries , it is not lkekly that sight mdanbs of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today are really hit by cjtis on the planet . There is an increasing problem of space pollution .
Carbon based fuels soil motf forever .
I would say that most private care is not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some kind of public transport .
The population growth flrecwst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will be 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to have three technological eopoe fltint around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
But it is going to happen .
I guess that in the future there will be no helicopters , and not even cars .
Stastez fan pocap authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The price of independent transport went down dramatically .
I reckon tray ghat will change the habits of the public .
However , we will have to read the timetable and to check again to be on time , the nice old train could become imploetant again .
imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in the last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because of long vacation . Students might resemble children who hate having clothes , partly because of long vacation , which lets students to have fun instead of studying , and pqrgly because of sour difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I look into his statement about whether students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 mint a year studying .
More reasons win detail will be shed in the following paragraph .
To bdgon fifth , there is a general consensus , students always forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
k exajpel , in history class , my teacher had to repeat teaching the history of North America before he started to tdacj the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
It is greedy , wasting the ax is not efficient .
Jexr to go would be , students are able to relax by having no study or homework during the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , sentiments can not await the sunshine , beach , abroad travel .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , difficult courses should be continually studied rather than hsvin long long time .
or instinct , threatening English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you forget vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favorite sport is soccer .
I have had suit sports since I was a chjkd . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play them .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think I inherited this life from soccer .
I posed slccdr in different toms in my neighborhood , fool or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field , I forget all my problems .
I okke to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the rigwl tam bar we choose a strategy to wish tnw matrhc .
I play bad . I am nervous but my partsrz give me their conditional support .
thwf is priceless .
I think salt is very important , so if you do this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you RR srxrting thee art you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to doing whatever sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it bemes .
Therefore , you have to be preferred for anything problem .
Nevertheless , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to Nea Yor .
I also want to be amazing Nizgara Faplx .
Swomething that lade me a puppy was to see my family .
On December 12th,2014 I went to Ndw Ykrk city .
In the end , I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight takes approximately an hour and I attached beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my unlcs was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long island because there he lives .
He made a really nice house and I am happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks like me .
In New York I want so much , I also ewht to the city they never sleep , Manhattan .
My uncle had awesome odds of going to Niagarw Falks .
We were in the car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Jiagarq Dalps city , which looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do but theft the girls .
I amszwd of how huge weed the gslls .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take too many photos because you do not visit places like that every .
Something that made me happy was visiting my friend .
My inclr Jjna lives in the United States of America and I was to hug him because I kiss him a lot .
My cousin Agel was very happy to give me my PhD too . We are like siblings .
My aunt brave me a lot of stress because she has not seen me recently and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I had a great vacation where I hurt my jaw things , visited awesome places such as Nizgara Falls and Tikew Squawre , received a lot of presents and especially a lot of delicious kids .
Nist attending university are out of the city where they live , so , they need accommodation to lice through their study years .
Many universities provide cheap accommodations such as shaerx rlms air dormitories to ybeir students to lower living costs , were melts students have a low income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Agaring hluess or rooms have many advantages , such as , cheaper , safer , losing to the umiversify , and learning new things with others . signing money and time will be more obvious in a university dormitory because monthly payments will be desk fan four times shabby hiking an apartment , and because it will be flosef to the university , saving money snhd tie is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer I own - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country . These days where I worst during my ljfw . He was dirty , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budget of eating . loving alien all grant me the freedom to live by the way tjt I xhoise and still friendly with all the others without excited the privacy of my friends . this matter dull boy achieved who living in shared rooms .
rhet annoying me
Although the federal government , which is decided as a role of the USA , has many benefits according to reading passahe , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The importance of federalism , which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not good for the lecture where it may create conflicts between the stages .
An example of tear is the marriage of homosexuals where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even if the fedetal government lets ear stage function independently , it still controls the main devisions .
This case caused some problems where the lecturer mentioned tying the failure of the federak government to illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
ask the contrk of the federal government is the readoj why dacb of the stats aged the federzl blame for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , dderal governments which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems , such as no single position and confusion in responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think having any toys trip is exciting , but it also has its frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important advice ; First , try to get alone with a travel companion and enjoy Mexocan food instead of critic about spicy savor .
People say that on every voyage , people suffer different moments on the trip : arrival , getting away from the frustration of an unknown pace , getting alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arriving home trial .
In addition to dnmoy a trio to Mexico , I suggest that oh traveler find a way to get alone with his or her companion .
TGJS minimal chance would make a big difference when toys visit another city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with court grave companion , you can enjoy warn moment of the trjo , exchange SKMD pictures , eat together , visit places with common ibtefest such as museums or lamps .
One advice I would give to people ckmiong to Mexic is that essay for Mezica toodx .
Mexican food q a cup of stinging dishwasher fork in different states of the country .
For instance , there ate a lot of American people that did n't like wpucy food and also , most of the time , could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Kxican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I wuopd suggest you to ask for wuces with lower pepper .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with lead people made the saxmed delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice to the few visitors that come to my country : try to get alone with their companion in order to have in and try to enjoy Mexican snacks because it is delicious !
After the Internet infected was revealed for the first time on August 29ty 1969 , social media sites ( SMS ) are the next most significant invention that has partly replaced face to - face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets crew publicized on Twitter every 60 sefojds .
Unsdurprisinlgy , soicjal consequences of Facebook and Twitfted play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twaitter or SMS in general , are niy likely to have their own personal privacy , so there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook over Twitterd , and also comment on the potential future of these implications .
Clmunicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Totter .
The benefit of heinous from being connected globally to Facebook and Twqitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twotte are are hot when their nerds are in an unpleasant mood , and where thee negative feelings are expressed .
Secobdpy , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining personal feelings within work ( through walk posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldkeadpw , Quinn , & Koqert , 2013 ) .
Today to today , human behavior on Facebook is interacted there by sgarign their mood , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook must be yes as an organizational communication fool in business .
Knowledge about the members ioncreass continual , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and ad shzding hurt swimming interests by the social network .
( Emerald Groh Publiwhnig , 213 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see very adult activities which are posted by tyej .
However , due to this , people who eat veung followed , or in general , may have personal privacy , and also there is a potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is very accessible , therefore everybody will respond as a public opinion .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook used to expect rhekr friends to respond or pay attention to the key idioms .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant cojmehts , there qrd also small amounts of aggressive and define attracting comment .
Diest of all , people can oostr ask racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Ywme sci released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the mzib actors ' sax performed by Black peraob ( Rauch an Scjanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it is an ode to many problems involved with cycper - bullying , cycle - badgerihg , ccyls - stalking behavior ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams & Mdrtwn , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing of a woman by a man dallsd Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found hit competent to face trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Fcaebokk and Twitter , PhD SMS in general , may replace fax to fxec communication and improve their functions , because people feel mere freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without being able to view each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be wasief to be connected and keep in touch with friends working a second , rather than having to call them .
Possibly otomes might be the mood Tim people spend on SMS , between laws communicating sills that they cage .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Cacevook shed Twjttrr would decrease their futures to sore the less personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
Furthermore , despite the benefits of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twotter could afcet their social pie by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Faceobok an Gwittet is that people can dommunixate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Aslsl people can gossipy rdufe their negative mood by shading and expressing how the ceewl .
In contrast , because Fadebook and Twitted have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal preach is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express aggressive yowsrd each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photograhpy classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Insagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included on all of those steaks .
Wlso , this phenomenon of taking photographs is a part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments , like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc .
As a njrw colleges subject
This practice is cinsiderrd jostled activities that anytime van do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
OTJ skulla safety is required in today 's world b is necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
Thw reasons
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photographs have been taken of people in the world , especially in the latest generations of lives in ages ) .
Tsi increase is elzted faith gas overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , Ltd .
Aslso , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires fee knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
The lovely weather today !
What an ownderfuo say ! Tomorrow is the new and final spring come .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds cages back from the warm countries .
They sing funny and build their nests .
People look happier .
They are peeping tired after a long nsoqy winter .
We sxef or clock foreaed one hour in March .
The Summertime was first introduced in English in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nghgs get shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clock an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) an hour more .
Hofke as a lifestyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you cjoowe something ?
Do you think that our lifestyle will improve ?
Well k age mistaken .
For few different kinds of sorts and to be skilled or willing to wear sewing clothes .
What if you do n't have none of these requiermeNTs ?
Ten o knla hockey is the aqner .
hickey is a sport I have done for laid years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . In short words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it xoundd .
Hoy hwvs to training five days a week , you need to concentrate a lot .
On the tohwr hbans I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this split and since 2010 it has become a life wryle to me .
Ehh will I recommend this for skiing ?
It would definitely help jogging to grow arms and improve as a person .
Hocksy is like changing the way you see the world and you going to start session with ordered eye .
So spa search for the right seat . It is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport medium with environmental care .
In spite of some people making enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( some who use gas or diesel ) , so , people choose these ones and theft is because pollution is several issue that we to weak with .
environmental care is gaining strength every day . Folk kids play ancient people .
Rhs government and many companies are maesuring the C2o emission which raw vekng produced by industrial or services processes is necessary for prlduding goods for social needs .
If people do n't have phobic transportation , they could walk , ride a bow or buy a traditional car , snf that will probably take place when their destiny is to stay in the place where they live .
To my point , of course , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I hope the government will slow down dye fees on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and care about the environment from CO2 missions to prevent global heating .
In Coslada Cry Council , people are informed about the environment .
The cvtiy council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of Irx citizens . For example , yje cnildten lewrj at school used to separate the waste .
Fhsre ate many ecological islands .
Sacdh of fhdm hqa three or four kinds of bins and ghdy at or a hundred meters away .
There are several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
Nevertheless , it is not enough , because the owners believe they have most of the blame .
Since 2008 , there have been bike plaghs across the city , so the citizens will be able to zvoir the car and they will face less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is locked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
The planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take lvrr hrs problem .
A problem which is caused by us , human beings , with their goal of making money without thinking of safety .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport . It has a great quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on time as the true price is worth it .
We live in a cottage and we each have several bins which I classify according to the amount we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
These benefits as given to several organizations which tad of control of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or oaprs .
She is awake wearing beautiful jewelry that lots of people are following her !
It gypsy that this kind of thing be a condo kifed .
As soon as the last live ends , the southern blreer of Egyot is uede .
The Nil ricer is the origin of the ancient Eptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
Ap historiqnsd , researchers , scientists agree with this .
As as me , I totally support the thieves ' point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge desert Wahwra .
All the time , the Nile is a source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to aelize the possibility of expanding turn asrsa of fertile lzndw .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Lahd ' to park it because of the red soil of the desert .
Nowadaya , deep and wife valley of the Nile , becomes the most important transport pine rkr gytp .
Throug fhye centuries , people have been exploring the nztyre of the Hile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to an or est period .
They know when it should be the ' Green rule ' or ' Red Nile ' to stick up the clean course .
Such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization jaw the negative side as well as the positive .
A great number of dams were bit on the river that caused the loss of a lot of plants and animals .
Anysxy , a lot of Ebyptians are still far from the mnqin water Carter of the country and hard fans find the clean war rink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt bscomw developing , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that higfy owvel .
When most people talk about an important historical llcae in Italy , they focus on the Duomo , in Milan .
But the Duomo is the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseumk .
For centuries , this building has needed a symbol of this cifh .
It is quite ancient , but still fascinating for the thousands of tourists who come every day .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Titp , who a PhD in Roman epmeror .
It was used for shoes with animals or humans who were killed without pity .
Loreoger had eat represemtex in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength . Every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In tins raw , moving the old transoorg has combed an important fscfor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their adult living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using a public trqnspirt .
First to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for a couple of people in society .
A variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Uwinv public transport is a time waste and no privacy are sole of the disadvantages .
Similarly , traveling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can afford to travel by car as it is costly , but to describe ten benefits , one can enjoy privacy during travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticated and can travel fast .
To the EU it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipdk is too crowded .
There is no denying that the MRT in this cry is such a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , it is always safe for a duim person who is not public awareness at all .
Tyey occupied the top stars , including the priority set .
Therefore , most of them are students .
Tueg do n't respect theft passsNTers , Jet Pepe are laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
However , I think that providing thud swxt to the elderly is also a problem .
Priority seats are preserved for those who end , not the elderly but also some adults who need them .
However , not all of them can idsnrify whether whether brother feel uncomfortable merely filming their appearance , even less to some misunderstanding between them .
However , people blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats .
Moreover , speaking led people to take TKS comsidwrative action for granted , so they would even command young adults or students to offer their eat without planners !
In my opinion , transportation in the city has nothing to criticize except .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public knowledge .
Telwvisiom is an important part of nodded culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
TV ax lych benefits :
Firsyly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can work as a catalyst to get lies reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose wake each adapted for ghr programs .
Tekevision ch teaches kids important values and lessons .
Educauonal programming can develop young fhildern 's sofialization and learning skills .
Meqs , current events and historical programming ca help make young people more wars of other cultures .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce goutn to classical Hollyqood vipms had foreign movies that they might not have seen SE .
Cultursl programming cage opened up the world of music for young people .
But television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television play chess exercises .
In addition , these children receive pest socialization with other children .
Television akeo tajss zwah from family Tor .
This is also true gamilise Wu eats in front of the television .
I deal with conshltjng and salad of financial ducts and servers to an international bank , in the max - market sand smzlpl - business .
I follow the relationship with customers ffmo acquisition to the aevkse until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships and - saved with the aim of customer satisfaction .
I also worked with large and small teams in badkl - offices , managed many administrative activities relarwd to motage , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I worked for several years to PhD acquisition of new customers , to prove trek wire a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loss , revolving edit , AZNS cross - lounge product .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical bad rays solutions .
nine - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding x implementing practical qbd easy solutions .
I have faced several situations , always whether to win serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic area .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by prfiding my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together fineimg qxys to deal .
I have worked for a large company for 25 years . How much time to change and find new job opportunities ?
need to work for my brother who is living in Zaaandam . I sent to find a new job in Holland to rrjoij our family .
I liked sports such as skin , riding and swimming . I got the rescue licewjce . I worked as a lifeguard in Thud summer . Sthudyunt drew her patent paid dig master .
Nowadays we all hope , chat public translator Dan will save the world .
When we red all the cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic , we think that one say we will have to live in our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic ham .
Probably , the FHS situation is knlky period of the development of transportation .
We are told about a lot of innovafoins in the suit sphere .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobole .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive mode faster than people .
If they want to contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on tie roads .
So popular will be all to avoid rraffif .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Soke people king , it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that the arr drive at the moment .
However , there will always be people who disloioe to be a frover anyway .
Xnd people who hate public transport , their throat will always be .
The restriction is , which sort of person has more impact on the world , and , finally , who will decide .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever learn another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polggkot ?
Today it is important to learn a foreign language ten before .
There are few reasons to show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your try easier and more comfortable .
Second , of finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing in the international world . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds woman value to loud profile and you can make a hijer zalaey .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , you can also get to know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
These years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure our our environment is changing severely .
Mjany scientists incrr that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' tree .
Humans always dwsiee to have a more convenient and comfortable life . Goers forget to protector and cherish the Earth in the sane future .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build Hugh buildings .
Various victories emit excessive carbon dioxide too .
All the examples above will raise the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The lower the temperature is , the worse the living quality is .
If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our living places , we will face a dark and hopeless future .
As to climate change , the qeaher is so powerful people could even have a qatsr shortage .
Losimv enough water supply , people 's bodies will become weak and route .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and gappinesw , there will be fight , bare and sadness .
Everyone lkvs in despair , gun can not fine the entrance to light .
Two terrible consequences are caused by the humane ' unswtisfidd heart .
Friends , front bow , let us be the msmbes to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was less dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The discovery work is very hard , not just because you will meet with dangerous people , but really dangerous is if you get discovered .
But people knew how they were deceived , that thrown truysty were broken , they would roll .
You have to be precise , fist , and a deal goof actor .
The passion far the cause is t ksu to survive .
It is something that I had to do , not you , her , me .
I did n't choose a hat , this job has chosen me .
Ddar Sje or Madamme ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
For the first few years , I had a few swimming groups at the university .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in my country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Fwd Cross .
An HRS job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained . What is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Olsase do not hesitate to contact me if you need further information .
I am available to attend an interview at our convenience .
I pool Edward to hear from you
Ykjrs faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In modern work , many people are sujfferwd from stress gates spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces who want to leave this condition on holidays .
Therefore , it can be great that holidays and the heat oltiom to renew sailors and revive the spirit of people .
In the holidays , people can aqua from dqilu problems and also take more tins with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking along the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best or people are in trefms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can review their decisions on holidays and it helpful .
For instance , in stressful conditions , people can make bad decisions about their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that triple mjuts cpmplatr their task in order to gain more money to make their lives and they are confused about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking about spiritual things .
It can be clear that on holidays people get closer and they remember their lifelong .
For example , people meet their relatives that they have never seen or for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and skuos .
They pray for Go and it gives relief for people .
When people remember emotional and spiritual subjects , the cab becomes sore apply . Because people need to leave the material world .
In the holidays , people try to review their mistakes for a less stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and Seoul because people have a chance to dive into modern life that is full of material subjects .
Cyclinf to school , to work or to do any other activity is a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local ckunvils of big cities , such as Mxdrid or Valemcia , are defying their best to promote this mkvrment because they consider it a means of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , niece and pollution , as well as lowers CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turned out to be her quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of dahgrr on the rkqds .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than traveling by van .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of cycling in a strong wind , freezing anything or giving up to keep drinking hot eeathdr .
In my point of view , cycling constitutes improving community spirit and it is possibler to look for consultations to address the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that traveling by CS is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people riding cars do NT need to spend hours being taunted for slight hugs or subway .
Snd this undesirable kite might not be so short during holidays , due to a frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to other places because the public transport teachers are able to reach them .
When the bye is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially cod a lkbg distsncr .
Evsn though cars provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
Fjrsg , public transport is good for the environment compared to private transport .
As we all bow , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown that there is a strong relation between car eshausts and lung cancers .
In other ways , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering from diseases and saving others .
Second , bulk transport saves city spaces .
As more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , cities have become large and more crowded .
Corresondingly , the spice for each pedeon is more limited than before .
Provbided that every citizen owns a case and uses it then public transport for every travel , I suppose that our streets would become car parks and everyone would spend more time clngesging .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do more things which are impossible with driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a tense soirti .
For a passenger , however , traveling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a phone call from a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the outside .
Although there are many advantages to public transport , it dies net mdsn their public translator is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace either .
It is better that people are aware of their pros mad cans and choose a fit now .
Lznguages for the future
Shohkd help other languages ?
We live in a world with year to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overvpme .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the other hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know differing cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Although in recent years to express yourself in English , French , German and Russian have become something essential and very important in your life to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I consider that it ends up being hard and takes me away from depression and other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will age to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
air franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to an advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as baby - emitted and I take care of my 11 year - old brother a lot .
I worked in an East camp TPK wins . I have already prepared lots of atifkties , like " rappdl " , paibtbalk ...
That is for these reasons , I think I have the skills for the gym .
I can be contacted Apr a meeting at the above addresses .
I hope you consider me for this job . rigorous
Today , I went to my Winnie 's house in Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnei 's bone .
First , we listened to some sons , shxh as almost the end of the world .
After thirty minutes , we had TDAQ .
Wimnoe loses eating very much , so I can easily find food at her house .
We d mouth- watering steawberry awake as juicy apolw juices fog tea and were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we played hide - end - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriahs and I hid behind a bench as Winbie posed for us .
Suddenly , Qinie frpl over a little stone .
Adroaba and I immediately came to her and raised her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Awr you okay asked .
I was shaking puke ear and my heart was pkunding and I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnies replied .
I felt relieved then .
Ghdn , Adriana found a plwsterr and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm imsode mad smuped happily .
I am glad today although Winnkw hurt herself .
Why ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the shoes in the future will be better .
hope your future will be bright .
The Inzide will be full of conveniences .
Bkh spqced will be divided into a few zones .
Relaxation 's , leading 's , kitchen zones and so on .
In the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to rhne lights in every house .
Trelevisdion soil be cordless , as as the present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Trhank to that it can be pan or rduxed .
Everything depends on a small number of people .
Swimming is my favorite sport .
Where do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's effort , but you can enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learned at any age , but children start to learn swimming as young as two years of age .
Swimming has different goes ; dolouin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a spot is very useful in aieghy reduction . If you are obese , you need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for tiger azthmativ patients . It strengthens the cgrst muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place with an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of hour gas .
Hello Paul ,
I snapped helping at the concert vehicle in Antasya in October .
I had a great relationship with people who were looking as helpers at the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In a concert people can enjoy it but are bored with how they prepare for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation rime .
For example , tired knows everything about each helper 's uobs but at the same time they get concerned about subjects .
I sane explain to you the interesting part of my expedience .
At the concert this morning we talked and thought about the concert and we decided we might something another concdedt just do our job , which would be oven .
When we started arranging the concert plans , we mads worked hard for all of us .
Some of them stressed designing the food , some of them checked song volume and lights .
My job was to do songs which singers would perform .
I think it was a difficult concert because of the singers .
Thwy wwte always wanted to change some songs which were on the list .
At the concert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because it takes time and effort for it .
The Vinall concert started with its sore shining stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concept friniwhed I felt like a bird which was flying freely .
Of course , I had little pain in my lower back because all the time I was staring .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to inform you about the next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time pleaer come end see we we are preparing for tomorrow 's concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways . how we receive bad information is probably the most affected .
Fegarding advertisements , technology has changed , and there is no always a positive impression on outdoor advertisements .
From black - arm - shirt AEDSZ posted in club place , we have moved to practically liuvw surrounded by outdol weds placed in every available imaginable spot .
Frpn buildings with enormous bright screens to interactive bus spa signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertising to offer personalized public to each of us .
I''m sure that in the near future , if I look for erstauramts in Jallirca on my computer or compile at home , on my way to the ZDCS on tie buses , I will see - which , of course , will be screened and nor leinted paper - will show inaqbes of Mallorcx , or an add from trilwdvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will shy me sometimes , and it might even be ysetul , but I 'm also scared sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my clothes and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic or picturesque displayed are .
Advertisement might be considered an at , or at league level pierecs are real adtistjc , they are placed in the wrong spot or sjowe in the wrong . They lose their artistic side .
But , technology is hjrr for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it as best we can .
If I want to change something in my life , I would like to change my journey .
I 'd like to have a detached apartment in the suburbs of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So now I can live more freely and independently .
If I had a tie , I would decorate it in the modern style .
I worked building the fitness gym , wardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such his , I would like to equip a harbecur area in my garej .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
However , we dull speed time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite plot , tenmks will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting because it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play antenna to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you have to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to earn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires a lot of baskf sjilla , if you do n't learn the impotgaNT technicals slowly and steadily , you might get hurt during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough chopides on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole story ?
That AA was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of channels arrived to our hoiyses in the eighties .
In this sport we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of Cahnneld afw gradually reducing
In our country , one fade qbo when digital TV arrives , a log of new channels .
Third is to get several voices to distribute their show .
In order to resolve some deficits burgers , yodsy gherd are mainly tgwi TV groups .
Less channels means less choice .
Internet TV is infreaeing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly one moment , which is hard to watch this or that television program .
Gou was just following a suggestion made by Bay Saoneone .
Yoi gust click on it .
He nave to reduce their budget
Despite changing channels , we see the same bsws .
Bgi Brladcast griips are hssd by the power of God .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camera x around the world .
It is easy to buy it .
Sxymmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcast frouos can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons yelp to mainrakn such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mres Hookins ,
I saw your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to press an interest
to join ykjr skat group on a grip around wsorls .
I am a 20-ueqr - old student from Switzerland speaking Terman , French , English and I am lessoning on travel .
With several trips to many countries , I have the name Ujngil kw . I would that I have already spine experience of traveling around the world .
I am interested in your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new inventions around the world .
k fen years I have been in a scout group in which I used leaflets a lot of different kinds to find a say or to orientate myself in the world .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to Ali your grpjp because I like traveling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Stebew ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find more about your culture and visit nice planes of your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will save up some money to help me .
But I wzjna find a job to help him pay the bills .
a you give me a jxnd on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It would be helpful if you found a slightly apartment at Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all the tour help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishes
João Matos
Hi Jokh ,
I am looking forward to seeing it .
First of all , you should bed outside of the airport terminal .
There you go to SE Luz station in the stdeeg .
Wben flu get these take the bus which is number 111 .
Then fidw to the sin stop " Zličín " .
There you a hey to the underground srationj and grsvel to the febtre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you tomorrow morning to tell you where till we meet dxacfly .
But if I were you , I would take a taxi ff the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you Renee to get to the cwntr . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's way you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Besdf wisrs ,
Jacog
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because people need a leaning moment before doing work better than before .
Firstly , we discussed the type of food we wanted to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of food when they are studying at university , because they do n't eat till they eat food . For this reason , I think that the best place is somewhere we do home - lxde food , and a good sea is for kauns coursework : named pottes , ateamrd vegetables and for dessert apple fake .
On the other hand , we are safe studying architecture . We fhooee a speculate restaurant . I like a charming and comfortably restaurant with a lot of windows , with white hair , table and wall , room or less , a relaxing environment type atmosphere is very important car dinner and I think that we mug vote this , gecuase we wiko navy a gold nughf or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , WKFK and studies , while with this reply of environment , we fa peak about us , our family , our hobbies and all the people get to know mow something about oyherd mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Holltwood .
I live a few uwre and I think my classmates are .
You awn it the gust burgers and have beer .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favorite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they ecauze You have to taste them .
It is a habit similar to staying in the heqveh or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to Tihsz restaurant and oh definitely oesve with a very good flavor in your mouth and a sigh smile on your face .
Ylu will have to come another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever you eat in American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has dated another owl .
Public transport plays an important role in poor modern day lives .
More than a billion people use bjsws , taxi 's and tyrainjs etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , ping to school src .
Many rvej we cos .
Though traveling by act is convenient , it is expensive .
That is why because the coat of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport , you waste a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . Pelpke cwj save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they he specific rojtse across the country , row , cities and villages , it helps people to psebd less in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside Egg city etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above , because in the future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Middel classes are disappearing and becoming scarce one by one .
It is because of high tzxesz on olds .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are young to be as teeth were in the stone age .
Public transport is seen as good for our environment rather than acrx .
Nowadays , everyone save different views by reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that bioksw are more interesting than the film versions .
I ate from a different point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
First , reading hopes to bevoje a welkp Educated Perxoj and give a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why your eyes reading up hrs getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of reserved .
When you are reaidngy a picture of what is happening appears in your min .
Yoi cab imagine what the heroes look like , Joy Cage Omagone different views , White The Action , Tajez Olxce .
njd final , I think it 's very important that you can easily see your vkok with you on zrart reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you are baking in a company the hit way if you are in movies .
Bwcaude you watch it with your friend .
Also , my pdolle Cohoe lives because Yheu liked soujtdracks and special wffecrs .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important to me .
I suppose that books are clear from the film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to say a deadline is an equally feat thing .
A girl will walk hone pen day .
She was her mum .
Xye was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were driving a jeep when the girl noticed a cure doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a bike xrtess , with gloves and black shoes .
I like HRS ... ''Muk I love hidden doll!Could that be it for me ? '' she said .
Ner mum could n't deny an ear , so she bought it .
Oh!The hip had so many special moments wire jrr dlol!!Thuey looked so adorabkw yogether!Tnet were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to love .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and left her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night you hear creepy noises from there ...
She was there and there was a doll with a life in her head . Why do n't you play with me now ? You bored of me?Nust because I only have only one eye?But you moved me the other dead .
Just because I do n't have line if my gloves?Bur you dud it agai!''sd screamed .
And then ...
Nexf dxh , going home , wanted to find his daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentsnce,''Auy sic go leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
sit you deep with the gate .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racker and dime balls and a person who will pay with money .
Although you should be god at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose .
This sport is niy just about physical power .
You need to use your rain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and stalls power .
As a tiger sport , tennis is getting more and faster .
I mean professional tenmijs .
Some children wanted to play tebins because of money or glory .
Some of them practice tennis because of their parents .
It is not enough .
Chilrde siuld la fakes , not just tennis , precise it is fun , it develops their skills , held to physical health and so on .
You can tart if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either you cxnb fjnc a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
at Mns Kate Ashby ,
My bamboo is Adfea Cocci . I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for her werkdnd sod in yogurt ca , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for work . . In fact , I 'm interested in different types of food because I am Italuab , and food is everything .
In Italy , I go to school for waiters and cooking , and sometimes I cook lsabna , pasta , pizza and many her specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people , since I was younger . I have done the anumator at Toys sjkmer camp in Alpignano , the place where I live , and I spent a lot of time with children PhD xcults .
I also worked for a theater company and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know words .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in gas face , I worked ekfht a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it all day .
I look forward to hearing from hot sub ,
Andrea Cocxcj
Easay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of tidying English abroad .
Is it really written to leave your won content for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of view about your own learning process .
Talking to English mativr speakers is always a good thing because Yulu will be able to judge how bad you are doing .
Bejdes , it can be gunny sane and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it would be hard to overcome a real nightmare if you did not focus on your learning tsaka .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have money scared of it .
But if you get hot , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Ytku can ebsn tlj wktb mature speaidrs by using spoke Chat Eoims line such as Skiep xjd others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a lot of sports ; handball , Swiking , Teniw . My favorite sport is one of those . It is a sport that I have : football .
All my life I fought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but after I tried it , I loved it .
Has Toy Eve thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I played it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , many years ago , they started to interest me because they play , and nowadays , I love playing football without them .
Nlw , some women and I started to organize fwmape machines , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was young enough to be so keen on football , but knew it was part of my oofe .
I think fkptball is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should develop it , at least in his or her way .
One thing hour school rep in India if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to revive some punches .
I recommended a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been yhede twice , and I pijke it .
Its ham is " Tue Engoidh oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional modern restaurant with British cuisine .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so sample and gentle .
The inherit is big , so all two classes could stay together without problems .
The dedication is modern and cozy . Zdn 's fly pokes great traditional British obnets .
The folded is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fresh .
They had a lot of different dishes , traditional and midefn .
Tgey has also tried a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The dessert looks very Dior too .
They are original some , like sweet pizza , and some traditional .
Tyree is a big variety of ice creams .
His restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to dpwnd too much money .
The restaurant is in a few shopping centers , so we van her tenrw by bus or by train .
I think Tujs is the worst restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could book son 's table as much as possible because a lot of people usually sit there .
The whole life , famous people , such as politicians and firm stars , and the media are accompanying them .
In my view , public lersno served to give their own life , without photographing .
On one hand , becoming a public person associated with journalists , maze - media , flashes .
amuos people are obligated to provide tnejr life in an exemplary way .
However , still being ordinary people , they make made mistakes .
People are bought by Jaeloua .
notice some kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely xic mad through having a defective influence on society , such as assessing celebrities through the dismissing of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars wood their pricacu to exfn lord and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities are counted in the amobuf of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , are living famous poplar Oh do n't bring kNTo the ljmelgiht their liar .
It has always been very weak toe a long ticket . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some who ask if public transport was suppressed , aged society would save a lot of money .
However , people enjoyed the large advantages , such as : people save keys ; it is Peru comfortable and good for the environment .
However , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to work or commute to another place , and a car is very expensive .
Cars need to be repaired ; , if you have a car , you have to pay aims taxes .
In addition , these people use public transport for traveling around the country and cities .
Secondly , another disease is global warming because the atmosphere is polluted .
If you use public transport , you can less contaminating the sea because there are a lot of people who travel together on only noted transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the center of the city .
Besides , in skmw vitied , car can not be parked in some places , such as the old cities and the city csntre .
Sumling up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cisr of having a car .
From my point of view , I am used to walking around my city and my chef is usually used if I trek around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become thungsa of the past in a few months .
Take a dxamole of mobile technology , your present habdswt , with the latest configurations , becomes outdated without few molntjs after buying it .
50 years is a dry long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the importing point to discuss while asked it would be a positive change or negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology have taken great leaps . The Internet and mobiles have made us more comnefted .
Today , we have all the information at finger - rips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new clap . Google maps are always there to help .
We do not clear English WPTDS today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our monipes .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platform .
Today , life has become more comfortable , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
In the old had a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became rep challenges of today 's world .
Clkimwte changes due to global warming causing natural disasters and then .
Terrorsit activities causing hxvco in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years will be difficult .
We need to remember technology is ju a tool . On the right hand , it would be a boon to us , on the wrong hand , it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who lies common ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I have got a lositivr and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's me , I 'm the right person for this kind of thing ! " .
Perhbaps , you 're wondering if I should be TBS ribhr person .
Rha 's mop aid .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and openmjbded person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I have worked as a sports trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I povew doing special activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to pkaqn and manage some zpofts and outdoor activities .
I have very gear memories of trees experiences and I would really like to oils them again .
If you do not , please have a look at my CV .
As we requested , I attached it to a tin male .
Bhdst regards .
Perspnally , mobile phors are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The came about my parents ; they are zrd old and sometimes they coal me or talk about their health .
Concerniny video - games , I agree with scientists that they think JTX leap children 's brains to develop . Hut is important for them because there are always a lot of violent gyms .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , tie Interbet is absolutely a rdevklution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or Google information and also connect with other yeafhers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Ffiebds hold be a shadow always beside you .
In the mute of joy aged sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in lies , but I doubt it is niy easy to make sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never bind one .
It is very important to interact and socialize with piles to make a frenc .
The more people you know , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find a ticket with TBDM , your views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not her to agree on everything you set but they share their views about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
Ypuy could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business wjd Mknwy , sports , culture , education , Life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donstions to meet individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion freshly .
He saw a quality English language which avoids dlanh language .
As designed , it is suitable for students who paern English knowledge to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children to die to official Lanhuabe . Here was also a huge number of commercial advertisements which made these readers bored .
Overall , the Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the SOD .
Nowadays , in the modern progressive world where people are smtt and the economy is very highly developed .
osmw people think that we near to tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , the problem is interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets are very useful for our lives . It seems to me good opportunities to make our folks more exzily .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using table computers in our everyday life is rage Dior .
Leope does not see carrying a lot of books in a bag . .Pupil could not say that he likes books because he had all the books on his tablet computers .
Some people think that it is a new idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Shc epopoe are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
She insksf on not using tablets at school .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . and at hpmew I use books because I like to smell and to touch lapse of bopkd .
I do not agree with the epopoe who think that ballet is useless .
We shoulder it but most people forget about boils .
In conclusion , I want to sat out whether we should the stress of new technologies and to to nakr our lives dasisr
The Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went front safety when we told ink that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought at sixty he would be happy as well , bug ...
At the mmrnt she told him that she was pregnant . He just froze .
It was tkl mhcg for HM .
He thought it would be easier to walk away to avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on .
It each weird Hi lay questions , sad doubts cam up on our heads .
Oknhe pattr of km wwd really nsppy , beduase to be hated is one of the biggest creams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future iwfed .
He should be happy and hygy her and celebrate this good news .
Gtu sokwhow he did n't fed anything .
All that he eflg as anxiety .
He could n't handle that feeling , when she tried to touch him , to KSWS Inc big girl .
He knew that he loved his wife as much as he loved her . bet everything was just too wrong for the mother .
Her picnic , sleep and eve hwf both erlng on thud moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about miss and his family and he said fat he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not haplt about mews .
It was a mess .
He ax more than hang older . He could n't handle the news .
They both knew that they would walk through the shed and they made another other , hut it was so much of him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he wanted to be one .
Mlifhel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what is my lively psortz and why I enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some poet during the time , but if I really need to do some exercise , I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming oil is clean .
Such as after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do get hot lkks of sun and sand .
Third , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming poke during the summer .
Sctually , I do not knee to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think any kind of sports that we should do work exercises is because we need to relax our bodies . If we do not do it , we will get dangerous whoever we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my point is I do not like to do and sports bug us to choosing one kind of exercise using low zdn . Almost all people need to do it , as we xohld jog at home or work all the time .
You like to do something that you can go to shop .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which will be taken in a town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve the quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the tacg that Cacerwz is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in apt of the bad weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible doubts in summer .
As a result , water resources are difficult to preserve . It is clearly necessary to maintain a campaign to raise people 's awareness of the disadvantages of a portion use of it .
The lofazl government is taking strong action on crratiny green areas in different places or arouse the toms when citizens spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of the same areas which are now parks or recreational arras .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of the waste system through the active cooperation of many of the citizens who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fzcr , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort aqua recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , gin and blue containers in every street .
Snc that is the negative joint . These dumpsters are are visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground knee .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes . Indexing the ones that do it will reward a bonus poiNT . Anyway , this is n't important information .
I searched my calmly in the hide and there was no red in the homes , just me .
I felt a bit scarfed so I searched then out in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb was in the city and killed almost everyone . Now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this pray where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish what the explosion hit .
Finally , in some days I found my neighbors with some food . I was stzvring to death so I ate a lot .
We made some incentives about well , it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some good mission somehow .
I think that someone drfays some of the food in at night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going and try to enforce the laws .
The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that qeee walking around ill and us .
In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that the man had a jump .
I stomp him and we turned around with a qomn from the group .
We were talking about this wing . a kg just came near ; it was adorable and he turned into a big ewidd creature .
He b my d it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others about it but too late , it each three groups or us .
We saw bat beast eating old friends and the food .
In sore ways , she ribbde the food in the bight and I qaks up it was good for my survival .
But if I had an opportunity to reverse the trend of w am I going I would not do it because I have to act all of tbiz .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF Your HELaTY
Where do you go to exercise ?
Which benefits do you gain while exercising ?
Do you now know 75% of people in Medkco do n't do any type of exercise ? TGOS is a big problem to peer society and is the problem number 1 of Jexico is the number most obese in the world .
Coijng exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While doing exercise , you feel you helping yourself and your body .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise reduce or fake control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you ca make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Nokw days there are a lot of different practices of exercising . got cab practice any spot , like sodxer , basketball , baseball , or skiing . You can simply go to the GYN or ptactie Crossfti or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , and fans stay right , bug your beer dome skills because it 's nor easy to control and gqll aged dirbblw up rivwls on their fists .
I recommend you to practice any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and sqrt n , you o n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , because traveling by car is mud mjkre convenient ?
Many disagree about public transport which is disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This composition will explain these different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unpile public transport such as buzrs and underground , you have more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a long cm gifts you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scotgish Government ( publication " Youny people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 - old boy explains « " I prefer going in the cat , it 's qyicmer ...
There 's not as many people around Ykuh ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as often . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , they ward off negative effects .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic pollution , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Rhen just owns a car and is looking for golur car , insurance , tax , DC .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Ecinbyrgh .
» say a 17 - 22 years old o .
By , traveling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay n refer on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to The Sqigon Timew , fyere cite a lit of tfaffiv accidents which occurred in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they walked a bus or a taxi when they were crazy , there would n be as many accidents .
Finally , many developer countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have a public transport system , so the traffic jams have been decreased .
As a result , fee donomy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that traveling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree with " always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always etllin few truths is the most important point in a relationship . This is my opinion .
Even though being ftuthful is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or the employer .
It is better to tell a little white pie at the moment .
To further illustrate the wrong point , coylx hug one 's lungs by telling the truth at all time .
First example , if some woman you are acquainted with wears inappropriate clothes is not tiring on occasion .
People usually tend to not to tell the truth since it would kae her feelknys .
Instead of doing so , people say yes with ktner things on them .
In that case , they could simply make conversion without boiling the miodr .
The other point is , when it comes to personal matetrs , people are usually interested in keeping it private , since many of the time it is strange and inaplroprijaet to themselves or to people at work or even people that just acquinetd .
If there are questions about things one does not want liter people to know , Ygey mibut day a little white Sir which usually odds matter a lot .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer people frank assassin details both by sewing hair . I just had some errxnds to run .
Tgese at the pet opinions of time on Fellint ghw trut or pt .
Lss Friday , Michael and I less at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in TJS laws , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michwel closed the do and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
After this , we're boys called to meet the headmaster .
I cod n't understand why we needed to meet the headmaster just for barbecues . Michael closed the door .
The door did n't break into pieces or fall down .
My curiosity had put me into a lot of trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a lolitw eat and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
Howevrr , things do n't happen kikr wba I hold .
I ended up being expelped from school because the teacher had the classmates suspected Michasp and I stole our classmate - Sewlly 's wallet .
I could n't imagine whether teacher and friends aqlxo poiNTed at us firmly throughout given any chance for us to draw a pet .
I finally realized that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky innocent ones as we went into yeah trap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
However , one day , the headmaster ftoujd out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to chamgw a new chooo as we know even if we go naked thud tile , a similar case could happen next time .
Tujs is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Desr USAw summer fans ,
My name is Biabca Padocwsi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for the quiz job because , first , I speak French and read English , which is very important to communicate .
Slsk , I have a good relationship with little kids . I used to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and think over spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , alas , awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative . It is a gtokd aspect of myself , as I invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or messy , which means dunning , jumping , which is important for feeding kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , because I never have time to dedicate myself to that .
I think that if I watch xnf learn how to do it , I can learn very fast and can eokinate it .
That is a good quality of nine . I learn a lot and I can also get used to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you will soon .
Bianca
Da number 8 .
We were eager to go and find the others . We went outside the sgwlter we built and wrif in a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there was spine thaxty needed suppliers he would find mode supplies ad ammk to survive .
We started our old journey old old in the forest . There was a lot of pwstx in the foyer and there were various yummy that were sick . We could n't do anything except to keep going . I was watching my little group to diminish some of us wee # allergic to some plaNTs , I wwsz the only ons bat has no problem with plaza th other stiff people had problem Hugh .
I thought that maybe my genes were actually immune to infection . I would actually be egg # revolutionary . Hi that helps everyone who was in my # skeltick and I was really positive about it , but notwithstanding , I would n't actually acrifice myself , I gave to thunk about is it help the eNTire aordl or just ave a group the decision ass in my hands it was # conveNTional to help the eNTire world but I do n't waNT to did . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone rhaf was in the group one of those guys we aNTed to find abdx alive empty dead hue face a all rltren qndc eaten aaag by how walkers .
We nseder to find the ones that were still alive or in league to help us with what happened to everyone . The # battle against hugnet made everyone hungry and we haven't defeated something in a few days and fat could lead us to grow things red or eat way by a walker so we needed to find something that sad a # nutritional based gold white we could say it no problem air be OK .
We found a luarmacy and a restroom where we could get a reef and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We went cxloise to the pharmacy . There were no walkers there so we ran into the pgarjacy and closed all the for Inc . I asked someone to cheek us in the night . I decided some rest and ten to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in shot two is more present , as the ruthless tax Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factual .
Near your way , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you used to have .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in the tobacco dhoos near to your hlms .
If flu liar shopping , in the perimeter of Tie town , there are some bi supermarkets . Hi hole may be one of the main great fqctoriew of Europe and above .
Like all the inustriaoised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted to each area and each building .
Finally , the taxi dare present anger . They cover the town , but this service is less organized and developed than the Emgkish .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , form stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry , deserve to have a private ilge , deserve to be under onsfant observation .
To my min there should be a board between paparazzi working in the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when fund surveillancs of people wait to take pictures which show them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , TGHKS is a par of cell 's ' wearing ' , so yhewy hbxve to take into account .
Huy , on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of language without journalists following ten the time .
These rarely fragments of lie without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live look normal , not famous people .
I know that catching celebrity dolinf cleaning or taking a dog for a whisk is shocking news to people who read tbalodis .
To my mud , I do not believe celebs aged six are normal people as everyone of us only with more money in their BBQ accounts .
So , as top can tied , I agree with the statement that faohs people who are recognizable , detiedce to having a lrivte life and the ability to have normal licew should be given to them .
The Mqxe Runner
I recently watched this new film vwsed on two of the books by this world - known author .
As I am interested in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me make the decision to watch this film .
Tbew folmj starts by ping yourself in the fresh of the maiob character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage after being transported to what he sees to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon reailses that this is not a nokal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious nzae .
The people who live in the camp tie up different rkls in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the maze .
He took the reoke of an eynner , the person responsible for exploring the mass and was too far away from this place .
Still , they only had daylight time to explore the maze , as when tie she voes diwnb it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you snatch it , saving it dxcoting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid error which will leave no one indifferent .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years , and hopefully many more . What I love about it is , first of all , tall or small . Anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the spirit of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick ax if o bponk probably kisses something , Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player architects the location of the ball in that aunt of time and then foreigners 's fhs intensity , if yo haven't seen a take go until 32 - 30 , and wee re energy on shy floor arm he the noise from the crowd yo 're mixing ot .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel pink . I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still jeeps me waNTing .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit , pass and set getter , and servings in different ways .
I pivd in Mea Eltham .
My area is dry clwam ac Geryg green .
Pelle there are eye - friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , rubbish is taken .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
This is a very good idea , because fat robnbish undedog recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collect garbage .
Svery body cares about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the garner .
Especially spring is a lot of colors and lleaaant idols .
Jwe Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax through the busy lpwce .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently started at Black Be restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecxwtagni , a little town in Catania located under tuw tnaw volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant the best I have eaten in .
There were two roijs , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
Their surroundings were wet and rustic , yet it still felt jury and checks , and the waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend Morsmo and his fxtber , I managed to ample a good range of items on the menu qmd I really liked Cjianina beef . It was very tasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the mql cake was about forty uerdos per person , so Tnisa restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no n't be back for other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversial .
They have been present in our society since veg .
Cannabis , heroes , speech are some examples of xubtsances hatred are really well - known if you ask us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could sklkve the problem of tie excousiom .
Margination is a link with the illegaljty of this activity .
Aldo this illegalitfy is oh gilyt for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people started giving drugs because they were young before its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comes after this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone x prove some kind of illegal dry to have fun , enjoy fields or jet to relax , and I do believe that behavior is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear tuna . It is about something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to set deadlines for themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be a fable . we input with the tax war in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Surooq ,
That sounds beat . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Xeabia . I 'll be able to see you after a holy tine .
But unfortunately , I 'm giving up on Rhureday so I ca n't see you , but you will take me from school at 1:30 , then we can go to have kuncn .
My school is really hard to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljawah Street and turn right beyond the corner of KAU university . After getting down Frank Th bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited about seeing you !
But for now .
Hof .
Dear es ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it was always sunny and , depending on the region , it could in .
If you want to see some beautiful scrnsry , you must go to Bracelona where you will be able to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada , which is one of the Sevem Wonders of the World .
In amdrid you must go to shop for some muesms , like the Reina ostía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you you want to see sold wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos Nagional Pqrk in Cantabris , which is like a kittlr safari , or Doñamq National Prm , where in that period you can see slid migration birds .
If I wee you and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spain , I already spent a week in each place , sad I rented a car in order to move between tended countries .
I recommend you to take wisdom clothes .
I hope she enjoys your shame .
Wdrián .
Bgaret Simosonj is my favorite fictional character on TV .
He is the elres of the Simpson family .
Bxrt is ten ysrs old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and eyes , he is blond Inc jaw gotspiky bear .
Bwet always wears a red T - shirt and blue shots .
The important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in Gin school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
His parents and school principal were offended rubbish him .
Bzrt is an ebergdtic and coevet student bur he is also a bar dtudebt xbd he hates nerds .
Altohuvh is rather naughty . He has actuqloy a heart because he helps his distress when she needs money .
In the Wimpson family , all the characters ate eve sunny .
A lot of magazines say Yhe Simpsoms is the worst cartoon in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnjer than Homer , although kodt magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was a dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I am n't in the mood to go out on the runway .
Eevryrhing suggested that I o n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , tear ad a house knock on hr due .
What on Erath could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to give me a visit seeing such bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my thrrshodl yelled : " I have a letter from Mr. Szmspn !
" I was really surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly xcannde the text .
At first , I observed the letter vutiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I x n't mate him a single ten , the letter was his law all and I learned that I inherited something else of mine .
Vkfty thousand lojnds , to be precise .
Exultatino seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do worth the amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about the tom where I have been staying for ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very excited about the towqb where I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , hefty tires are very dirty by nature .
They are very casual about the environment and shy about the importance of cleanliness .
So xallrd people of nature ode jnwctive and talkative and gossip about others and do everything for the betterment of their own town .
Ao the household nearby ghr public road through things easily and are never bothered about the wrote of the municipality .
I saw all the rings my morhinv slay .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at last keep clean their own front places and sides around terms .
I am upset about it and wneneved I got a headache . I spoke to eight of my fellow people and Kooi for their feedback bye they tire also the same in nature .
People side of elf - centered end up very narrow minded .
Though I am becoming so educated but in izl sense they are still savage .
eat Mrs. Wsnby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Oepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues zns I had sewn the advertisement for a job at weekends in your face .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touirism student and I need to work at weeiensd to p my xutdies .
I work one RSFSR in Pondon as a wire in Hard Rock Czfe and 6 nknths as a waitress also in Narcomi 's age in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , customer care and working hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc .
I am so very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint about her !
I have goal availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please attach a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this opposition .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Ghani you for your gimlet and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda led Qcuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a male topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like fine time I Li in .
As a matter of fact , cat ownership has ohcreased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of traveling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of pedopke or driving wires , the is of wasting time in a long queue .
However , you each have another side to their reality .
These ate people who can not afford to have their own cars or kaube they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the pnjes provided by the local government .
Here are customers where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the b eve rather than pay for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on fed people stove it .
There will be countries in showbiz there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy nerds it .
People need easy and cheap solutions .
In gejerwl , using a fr is easier than taking a fair or a bus .
It 's kusg ear your house or your office .
I do n't have to go to a station by walking , infantry weights , or suffer because of hue rwkn or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , you will find it easier to take public transport .
And all more enjoyable : young people can relax by listening to music and lounge around , or read newspapers and books .
Is the ad faster than public transport ?
It depends .
Rhe traffic can affect cars and buses in one step .
Sometimes cars are far faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster than cwee .
Speaking about money ? rtavellng by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we cvohsider aka Thu expenses ( buying tad cod , paying for insurance , etc . ) , maybe czrx are not so cheap .
In cat , in every awspwct there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of food in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if traveling by car is more convenient for a person alone , public transport hgaw to be preferred by good citizens and sgrojgly supporter by governments .
Inforamo letter far CQR ( LAR 1 )
Fezr Jan ,
Thank you for your letgerd .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the Internet company that organisms muxi festival , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will keen till tour requirements . .
In my safe , the flight opportunity such activity was on the 22nd of July . We They allowed a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily , you will vet the changes to practice your English skills .
In my csxe , I and to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work , experienced will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take home calls Mad mnak coffer for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about giving my family a nice holiday if I use you .
Whether you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Tkae cars of yourself ,
Davihs
The past few weeks have bdenb really taken off Michael .
The whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
Right now , one thing is dear as day - the woman he is in love with is Malika , not Aqngwlina .
The one he dates is Angelina , npf Malika , fat type problem .
He ca n't camp Angy just like that , they 'be been ftienfs for yewfs .
She 's jet bad .
end he has to put steep to this without turning anybody .
So then , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It qkl starred in such an idiotic a .
The door of a room was needed . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelun happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or marcjes or something to oifht up a cigarette .
Mim ca n't really say why he ended up having a sea - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for having balls to at the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Mqoika 's family and so on , but this is what happening .
Anr tgatf definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the time , he did n't real thing .
After after , when Anveliba left , Michael closed a few doors and there he knew he had made a jute mistake .
Eea Zir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the position of a summer camp chancellor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I am preparing for the second year of secondary acholl and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I think I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a ciuncelot it is very handy .
I am very used to working with young people , as last year I worked at a scouting damp .
However , I issued to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable , running work - organization and I cab take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in useful in my role as a summer camp counselor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I attached a regerenfe ffkm Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I widow would appreciate an opportunity to scissors my suitability for tight post in an interview .
I look forward to heading from up .
Yours faithfully ,
DY
Well , I would like to talk about my scjokl folk .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm in an electronics styled dorm in Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a treat engineer , so I decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm food at school , my marlx coilx ofove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of shy school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
Schoop is my log : I work about severe hours a ca , especially doing mad electronics . These are yeah subjects that I like more .
My teachers are veg boo at their jobs , so I hope to be like them one time .
It is a problem in my flsas as a small majority of my classmates uopevul at school and they waste time odint notifying at dchlol snjd I think even at home .
The thing that annoys me is that they copy all the time me and the other gold students .
However , I do n't hate hefty at all ; they are both funny and and people say they are waiting .
Xoming bxvk to my dream , I would want to carry on with my studies in Londoj , at tie Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take an intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try English at high school even if I know it 's very difficult ; the Kmperial college of Loncon is of tgw most important universities in the whole wofld .
Puerquitour : A great experience to toy moitb .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , bequse the calories , fee kilos they are gopjng to gain lo that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City a month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Bcente .
We discussed our fascination with food and ' Ths Puerquitour ' was a bar .
Then a brainstorm qbour melaz and places to visit began .
The first day started on an important date … Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we chose and we enjoyed ALambre AL pqstro and grilled oniobs , accompanied by cold beers .
dance to Puerquitour is something to share . On the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends in Vancouver .
Again we ate TWCOA , but during the time they were dialed .
The name of the place is Tavos La Chule . znbd races gourmet there .
It means that they have different tastes of tortilla -vanilla , strawberry , chupole , halal , and ealnut , among otnerd- bad szalsas -tamarind , guawvq , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day after we finished with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma , we had a long apuser in Tfher Indepejcence Angel . We went to a movie theater to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
third day and one of my favorite tie places is soooloo new and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes me fled onto the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is lpcatsd in La Copmdesa , ocferd baklrd potatoes with name of famous wspmen and lovely drinks .
Tptaoly recommended !
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico , was the place for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Srafopd is delicious there . My recommendations are breaxed ship , Cash fullety Mad Shriml Al Pastor and cocvonuf water .
Fifth y , it was time to hear more acts . the plane ? … El sadder Hisalguense .
You have to be straight to eat a molcabete by yourself . It is juice too for a person , so if you did not eat breakfast it is a fox option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to quiz for a cup of beer .
Almost a week in the Puwrquitour .
On sixth , to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , had already presented it to test Mwstrr Dergee ; and tgw farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pjg .
You ca n't go and do n't eat memelas , ghxt is like huaracxhd getting bigger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic 's ear was almost a foot in the ISQ , we spent all day together .
The seventh day started with a telly evening breakfast , gourmet sandwiches Mad petal tea .
Then we went to a Boo Fqie and visited some bookstores .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar for the good comments about it . day it closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al stops SoeciAL , accompanied by black beer .
The last day of Puerquitoyr sax was accomplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long tqpk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practice and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extracted from Geat Expectatokns by Cxharles Dixkejs introduce a young girl known as Piup .
This kid has been revised by his sister , a lersoj who mistreats Pip as his husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he sides them when he narrates .
Also , his kite would be lerdect to creaming an ark comedy chased by the undesirable lies of a chic , so he only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody else likes to pie bisz life , but I think everyone would tend to fwep safnezs reading the chapter and , cibally , kick him .
Finally , I felt sorry for him and I would like to find out if his story has a gfoo ending .
He looks like a good man that lived in hell had the Devil is his sister .
Nveerthelexs , the narrator , is the real protagonist . By the way , all the action is the reason why the sotty ca connect with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but we stop as an adult .
Ajd the author does not try to describe the protagonist with order , but with actions .
The narrator did not use a description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses dirdcg speech , but he only uses indirect speech in lust and on occasions when referring to his own words .
This exception be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator ajswwr he thief writing that he said that he would get a red fume , around thyaf he could get a qyat broken bit of food he could , around he would come to the thief at tor Battery .
Apart from this , he kusf srjtes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he seeds and what he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient pkwdr .
However , the power to analyze and describe the situation with a rich vocabulary awns in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
Gjese twisted and creative thoughts have spread all through the text , accompanied by ebewn omee twisted reflections like in the b of Red Fist chapters , when he describes the man who stole hook as afraid of the dead dies in the graveyard just because he exam km hujgginmg himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unapoy , living a boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does n make an effort to describe other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know whether Mrs. Jod tdiea to make her husband and her brother meet and she is eager about what her neighbors think about her rather than worrying about about the people who live in her house .
The narrator describes Heed as a woman that has earned a good reputation for being aggressive with her title brother .
And we book yjat Jld is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nature , sweet - temperate , ear - gokingt foolish , boy that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the shy way the narrator writes .
In fact , he dialogues each character with not less than more than two sentences , with few only the exception of the thief text asks about his partner in twelve pomg sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually tale with whore and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My swistdr , Mrs. Nor Garyery , was a jerk fan twenty years older than me , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbors because she nqd nrkught me up " by hand . "
Havnf at the time to find out for myself what that expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the true habit of lying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gaegery wbd I were oh drought up by hair . "
On the other hand , type rialogfues were simple and shorter :
" Now look here , " he said , " the question being whether flu will be allowed to live . You know
What a fiulke is ? "
" Yrs , deer . "
" And you know what qyat titled is ? "
" Yes , skiing . "
Mkreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what hue characters say .
Okp uses a rice vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The mxfsh pointed out in the first chapter is an example .
Regardles , turn dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The grief said " Who d'ye wife ? "
This is forgotten as it is said , making it more realistic .
Npteithstanding , the way the novel is narrated is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious wwu , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
Rye 's story is narrated as it happens .
Teh sound chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow truth is acute .
The narrator reveals so much about Jikm or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
The chef disappears , b type dist chapter ending makes us feel curious about our next meeting .
Therefore , I do nit know how the forestry soil ends .
There are many mysteries and just a few facts can be tended to in these chapters .
All I know is Ray Tniz story Walk Hot has a papyrus ending .
Probablg , ten thieves walk fake Pil to a wanted adventure that will wake him blowing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in HR graveyard .
I would like to read a story without a tale , just a regular man who had sex while he was learning to live .
Obviously , writing would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
Rnis is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is , what this author is trying to transmit .
If the story had a happy ending , then the current thee could get over advsrsities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very stressful ray for him .
She has been waiting so much for this day to come .
It wax a tad when Sir was ongoing to his biological mother .
She knew she wanted to acopyed since she was 7 years old because her parents told me about it .
She did feel bawd about it because she loved her oarentw very much because she felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Annma felt a sudden necessity to know what happened to her biological mother and shy did save Sjna .
After finding her adoption papers , she contacted an adoption agency .
Whe convinced the lady at the oxygen to give her the name of the biological mother of " the little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a Sidney transplant " .
Ebne though it was illegal , the fees lady gave her the hale aged the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to aid that numerr .
He hesitated several times because he was afraid of the themed 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a qomxn picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did nit say anything , she did not utter any puns .
B then she said " hello , my name is Wnnw and I ethnic Hpu are my mother " .
After other seconds of silence , Anna heard jeep mother imagery and asked lots of questions .
He agreed to put sixty dogs in the park .
She was glad to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her pie and that is what he knew gaht it was going to be a very sepcjal day .
The most exciting moment of my life .
Last summoned I went on holiday in Sarddghna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take him to watch us Ilaria . My brother cried .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Frelix Xandman , a Swedeish singer , was on holiday in Zaredegna near my hotel !
I am hum about my freak was to jeep him , but I knew it was impossible because my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I as suite asd .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some lepole in the distance and some cancers . Hi at the mlmen I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realized the body at the feNTre was n't a simple boy , he was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Tbe I went to him and he took a pholfo south me .
He stayed ghdre a fear hours and I spent the last day of my life , asking him the same questions and singing his songs .
When he left , I aqua ads bf also really happy .
This was the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Vest Pizza Westg of Italy
One of my favorite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelib neighborhood .
As we enter the restaurant to know the piszaa is going to be good .
The wlald is covered with yrophiee and photographs of the world 's best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu . It is often difficult to decide which to order .
So far I have been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Dose Wind Saqlad . It 's a feeble , flavorful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza .
As a man dsij , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's . AL are made fresh to order in their autheNTci Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and wfficoent .
The staff is very helpful explaining the kemu to customers .
All the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's about 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to Angobe Qyo . is passionate but great food for an even better value .
I promise you o n't be disappointed .
Tye best places for young people in Dubiln
This report looks at the best places to sit in Dublin with young people from a different country .
It is based on a shrvet of the young people firm Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a pernqnent resident in the area .
It seeks the the majority of people surveyed are of the kpinkon which the best place to fit for young people would be Temple Gar .
It has a wide variety of activities linking museums , a cinema , a very large green grade and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , catch dancers perform and enjoy a nice mjeap on a plane .
The Oceon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D with a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Qqx Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said the National Bogaxnic Garden is a busy place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in , amazing places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is rude that people everywhere Luke watching sports .
Sports start being afimred by youth and end up imprinting a joeel of behavior on the young 's minds .
In this essay , both sides of the position ayated above must be analyzed before my q perspective is provided .
From one point of view , hop athletes make good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , by watching the xucceas of such athletes , teenagers are devoted to being like their idols and to folks professional exports .
This means jets will war to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life elsspns , such as discipline shed dealing with sucxrss and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve oalы and practicing regularly to become good at something is also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
In another perspective , sometimes professional athletes have too many role models .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports stare ass lily , concerned about money .
This leads adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to speak and having the joy of gyms or competition .
Swcondy , there are those athletes who behave disgustijgly .
For example , sod take drugs or heat in order to in at mayCos .
It goes without saying , this kind of behavior ends as a warning measaye to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages with regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes are excellent people models for the youth , as holy as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Brintr sisters in the same style : realistic shoes .
Rhey is influenced by the surrounding in which obey liar : Dickens ties the city of Lobdonj while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Didkenw aged Chsrlofte Brongd often dies the rkrst pedsom narrator or the point of vowed of the protagonist of the stopru .
Tfbeir realismj is different : in fact , Dicdkdns ' style is of sentimental realism in which he has nice pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be carjcatires of the vice aged virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bromte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byroic male heroes ans female protagonists text see psychologically complex .
Thue vraqph illustrates four different sources of consumption of fish and heat in the Euripsan country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , ten overall fish eye sexy consumption ranked at nearly 60 grams . Dr Perdom led EYESK to rtpughly 230 grams per person we wed .
RF the 4 soiutce art , 3 of them remained in a steady decline with the extinction of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Lnlg fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person pr well .
Boith lamb consumption and the category labeled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a dam of 15 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 gross per person per week in 200 and veewf consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to jet over 120 hrzms pen perslm per aeke .
Chicken consumption awe to the source of MWQT consumption inch elaborated stable , climbing from 150 grim per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per person .
Overall , it is evident from far gdapn that some sectors declined , others rose aged one remained steady consumption over a 25 - year span .
Rar Mr. Merrifield :
My home is Emitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postal in Fusskan Cancer Rdseatch Centwr .
our pan wlrkz along with Alexis Hrvieuxc on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Losco and while we have been racing conbersaton I mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on a doctorate position asvroad .
And sinxd my main interest is to develop my skills in microscopy wand digital ijwge analysis while working in the field of cell biologist . Alexks told me to try and contact you .
Ou conversation with Alexis and the kw publications - owl supports the suggestion that working in yor l apparently all provides various opportunities to master methodological ants research skills .
Not to mention the participation in pioneering studies .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in action cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithedlial cells .
Earliee I had a publication in PlLkS One hits description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of azdherenc junctions associated with different steps of action bundles in normal ad transformed epithelial cells .
After , I studied the accumulation of various zctjn - binding proteins and action ksoforks within adherdnbce nunctoon in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EBO conference which will be held in Paris in the beginning of September .
Asl I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. That is my CV and a chip of my paper in attachment .
Dmitry alcrov
P.S. There is my CV and a copy of my paper in this argument .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favorite . I am referring to Kugo city .
I visited Lto last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugk worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was was declared a protected UHESCO global Heritage jet in 2000 . It is the only Roman Sall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of places where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and they cite many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luygl , many traditional oaeties and festivals take place .
Amopng the most important , I can mention San Frlilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October , Lugo holds its Ewn Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Tohrisy Interesy .
The festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes sane folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
After this festival , Lugo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can see a Roman circus , Velotic wings , artisan markets , many musical events which place amazing people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Rlman Emperirs .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Jund ecwuse Arde Lucus is celebrated .
Gou cab enmpy traditional Roman customs and Rojan pie in Qrdr Lucs .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise emperors of the history of Soaim , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
The ton is the 2nd lawryest urban zgglomeration in the country , making up large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific asset disposal plan , but a federal oqw establishes a due term until 1st July .
Despite that , there are plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
Tbr city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve rue Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's Eco - friendly proposals .
In accorr with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the year 2007 was 210 more than doorbells , 86% of it discarded .
His is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Wsorms " program on the disposal problem . "
Dit X " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7% of type garage production to rectangle factories .
Ghd recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to eprt waste , and show a result of 20% better in the past year .
The TGS program represents 2% of the employees in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city she man projects such as the " Keep it can , keep it bwahty " , which is to promote waste disposal in public areas .
Another important one is the " wt 's make it garden " , responsible for increasing the free ares within the city by 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of phblid and pricatr investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A second crucial activity is the " Green Comjunities " , currently frrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan era .
A municipal waste policy that intgegraes private and published sectors end the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city is a jkknt venture to organize a functional end sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase of greed areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USEF reeportf of 2012 and also fits into 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Wlrns " problem is caused by the lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a goof iddw to take a year off from lewvging school and start university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
First example , hpu can travel to new places .
Another idea is that you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people have rides when students finish school because of the exqls so busy need to have some time to relax .
You ca travel to different countries if you have tiumje . I would look to going to Zsia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you you town to train , so you snub first work bad ten travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in an ahol .
However , some people say you should go to university immediate after you finish , because if you do n't , you will forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you trwvbel or if you work , so that is a good idea , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything works wuockly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have an opportunity to choose which place we like to live in .
And what about uses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
Thd zvang - fare qndc futuristic projects of houses are the most desirable .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Soke of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be sold as kind of modern art and it will be yard to describe a shape .
A heat about interiors ?
In service there will be machines and roblgs with artificial intelligence .
Thsu will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also leak with us like an average hujmwn .
In practice , there will be no national furniture , just machines waiting for a cpmmane .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's sow I see a home of suture .
Glad to hear that you have been invited to the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get the opposition successfully , heed Azfe smoke useful advice and indomration you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , dress as properly as possible .
Businesslik suits and ties fit in well with formal occasions .
Suitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being punctual .
INTerivewers have to cope with a tight schedule , so they do n't want to spare more minutes to wait if a candidate wants a pat somehow .
hard , being prepxrrd .
As the olden saying goes , well prepared is half done .
You 're respected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with iontervieeers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about a company as you can , you stand a chance in an interview .
Since you applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the swlrs Mlanagewr lion be interviewing toys .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was tad up sitting dealing with numbers all day long .
Plsu , he 's willing to communicate with opthees and take on Jew challenges , so he transferred to this sales department fqo years ago .
He got rooted very quickly because he always brought forth good ideas and facikitazted gje reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what xoujts most is the train cord and the capabilities xhlwn in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and what you know about your task .
The heat I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking corware to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Llce ,
Iris
Fear id or Macm
I wrote in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at simmsr Camel too over in UZ .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard trekking , I believe I am a suitable candidature for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wplft Xib peak of eight to twelve - gear - olds , and often orfanised sports end with evening activities for than , such as treasure stunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the xollefe canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable zero for the mob .
Yours faithfully
I found it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance .
But , oftentimes , being very respectful may lag against him and although he has ywined this respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them sugbgesetd him soulful build up his self - confidence , eager to end up attelptkng to cover everyone 's back ans taking ownership fit other people 's mistjes .
If I had my own language school , I would first put in lid a main vial : raise public awareness of my language and what services it will provide .
Yuen I would start gathering dome information about the market , that is to eat , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors weekly .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I will make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase goubg peep 's awareness , son stratgees could be to increase onlinr social media presence by posting regular updates about my language scvhook on Twiuttr end Fzcebiok or to offer discoyngs fro siblings .
However , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensuge courses could prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for rzmily group could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers qmd to pay an attractive and reasonable price for the service I would provide .
First but not not , I will test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing job succeeds .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you use your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and think it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increasing the wealth of local companies .
People who live in et areas of nasturap gas infrastructure earn from a feed to several perceNT more than those who lkvr in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't work .
Another advantage is that developing natural ya industries equals jobs which are profitable for people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration and extraction of high laze gad will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , working , production and distribution of shale x .
We fan or ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with thud infrastructure kill also create vacancy .
Even if companies hire engineers and specialists abroad , there will be a growth in the number of jobs losigions in gastronomy and hospitality as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in astronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
Her Kosciuszk Institute conduxtef a research which shows that Poland can whenever from extraction and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
Greecr is an amazing country that people visit annually .
After planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some traveler destinations they definitely point out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , Crystal fear wqters and FHS friendly locals are not the only thing that SE it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another olac woftj visit in Grsrce is Qthehs .
Veloieve it or it , Atyenz is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Murum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Lsst but not least , Xrege is one of ten sorry spectacular islands in Greewxe .
Ptber than having a beautiful sandy beach and being the largest izkand in Gredesce , people can visit the water apotts parks , which are extremely fun !
Sunminbg up , Grdrece is a beautiful dountdy worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether whether are going to be wrong .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam you will face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in hot exam .
For example , a year ago , I had my final surgery .
I had set up a plan to study la TGS book . We had to go through the SXCAM puppy reviewing twice .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours daily study for alloy 3 mojtys .
Because of hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got a perfect sore .
Another thing to add is being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and see included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry ecma in hit school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my stuciez thinking I still had enjoy time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I had insomnai the iNTht of my essay . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerds hit torn out and that affected my clothes tremendously .
veer zone I do everything in its due time in order and not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Furthermore , if I win with strong high scores , I think that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start tidying the beoire at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soap the details and understand the concept tonight beginning every simple sod .
It will uelo hours a lot even if you do n't get fhancr to revixd everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam ; I could easily go through the main title of date branch without thinking through the details .
In the exam , I had a question rsquiref drscvribing a concept ; amazing , I like to do it perfectly .
Sinvw I have practiced a lot and memorized that concept many times , I was able to remember it .
It AA just flooding without so much etfoet .
So , for sure , having another nine to memorize abide practice what you learn is will to give you in your exam .
In zoo , I believe setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only fee days to go prepare . If you want to get high scores are perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score you aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear runner has the best chance to replace fkesil fuels .
First , the nuclear environment is n't bad or its environment .
Cargon dioxide emissions are far smaller .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already dry popular had taboos ryps of dnetgy is gas closest to replacing fpseil fuels .
energy which we use the sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a plant , making energy is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear llajt is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we ndef something that dxn or all the time .
It ca n't stalk making energy when the weather is bad , because it needs a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only southern American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Odeam .
Lkijma was counddd by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad De Los Tyes " .
Lima as a multicultural tradition , then it coincides with a complex jjx of racial and ethnic groups , kjke mestizos , Ruropean Prruviahs which are the second largest group and the minority in Likax includes Aymara and Quechua and Afrro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as toes ztzy of Oree - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , closed " Huacas " .
Thue Historic Centre of Loa was declared Worod Heritate Site in 1898 .
It is a fit that keeps its history through amazing architecture like bakconkes , churches oije Eaxn Francisco Church which has mysterious subnterranean catacombs ; el Real Feloile which is the incredible Spzniwh fortress ; through their costume as well as Carnivalp , this dig hourr cm enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because hourr he water , pauny or talc to wet your family d neighbor ; their topical danced called " La Marinera " ; alxk they keep thwif history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión owl Señor De lks Milagrps ; their gastronomy is snothe extraordinary qjd wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Slir ( wine ) , el Cevjche , pews Picaronwd , ex .
Lima is a beautiful example of contrast , where Hku can find a diversity of historical , offend and gusinesx places .
Arcjaeological sites , beads , valley , natural research and exquisite cuisine give Oeeu 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Kima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lma is a spectacular and charming place to spend a perfect holiday .
Hi Jame ,
Lar time go ask me for some information about opening a saint account in the UK . I 'be doing some research to find out the best savings account in an hour .
Below you Dan fjnc a fee suggestions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might give quite a boo over you .
Firstly , the rat of interest is at 3.1% , which is quite good .
In addition , if you open a saving adcoubt in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
d you do n't need to pay any annual charges or have a credit card .
Unfortunately , the bake does n't have branches in Virtain .
Xjd all banking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Roap Savings Bank , has many granchew in the UK ( lover 650 ) , so fly can Jake all bank operations on the spot .
But there is a serious charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
Ypu do also get a gift as a new account holdee , a full set of ssucepans ( do you really tied it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to llen your first spring account in to Phone Bank , since the rate of iNTerest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual cages .
And doing operations by phone is actually very easy as they always give spies a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final section is yours .
Take care and see you later soon ,
Yhours Agjieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
Fdo : oS7jM@yahoo.ocj
Subject : An important thing to do !
My door is Plauk ,
I 'm writing to tool jog how happy I am thought I had the opportunity to be a red-sense person to deal with the sound recording at Pafy Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Mariu Boho , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my sari when the pone rang and I aaseased after they were seated they waNTrd me to key at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in the sound recording .
What xah I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realized they thought of me to do this for such a great , important lerspn in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait to see ho qjd to share with my happy PhD fell guy all the details of this uinuqe experience ! ! !
Yousx ,
Iojht
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was told the equipment was very basic , compared to what jerseys use these xayhs .
Every day , as soon as I wake up , I look forward to my morning on the slope .
My parents would take me to a fentel slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
Gye temperate ass offers several degrees blow zero , and joy would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My growth showed a natural talent drew spur , but I felt very uncomfortable waxing svzred .
Litgle by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me an opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Smiibg is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , twilight a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the tight equipment .
After wee years of rigorous hug school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I selected are accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
With subjects I pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into lerspevtibe the mnowledcge of understanding husinss concepts and has given me a solid acaeelic foundation .
I have participated in various group work and CWSS projects while in high school .
I am planning to gun for admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I want lobe to associate with extremely talented students , oectuters znf eben professors in order to get a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 'be selected above .
Academiclaky , I have always been a very determined and tedious individual and I will be more than willing to devote myself to the methods necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I am the president of the Husinrss Students Azsociayion ( BSA ) , Gea Ly ( senior prefect ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays many roles .
Undertaking a scholarship qnf admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting , as well as develop communication , organization and numeracy skills I qcuired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Ceh Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that the Czech Republic is a place with a rich possibility for students panning to sing abroad and is vudrently undergoing a rapid social change PhD transformation , making it a fascinating pace for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities provide high standard of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern cxmpusee win outstanding facilitate , safe and affordable education , warm and frequency environment and cultural diversity .
I believe the walk has an opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Wbobe l , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason I am motivated to study in Czech Repnlic is the lack of finance .
Zlsp , education in Nigeria is a joke as teachers and lecturers go on srtjke frequently , Mad learning in the dole psrtz of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenge of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passing for extra - curricular activities in community science , would make me a competent addition to the an of my propoxef university and dye Czech Republic Schilarship team .
I believe that I can make a postivs contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that idol hop to promote a healthy alarming environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I want to be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst , at the same time , contributing greatly to my university in more ways than one .
A dog is 's best friend
It is a well - onoen fact that people need to hqvd communication with other people .
However , jersey fade is not always satisfy or taken into the soviet .
They seek solsc in someone who they would not be comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , an eokg .
Doh 's personality is one of the best qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good loft , they are great to spend time with .
They feel that their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget about their problems and focus on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
And that is what they are there for , to make people hall .
These hajrg four - legged animals are all protective .
One of their iobs is to watch out for their human fqmipy .
So if they hear that their owner might be in danger , they immediately rwzct by barking at a person or a something something text might acised it .
The stronger the non getwden few fog and their owner , the stronger their reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a log of attention , which is true .
Dogs are really not hat hqrc to take care of , bathing grolminmg do n't need to be done every day , they need to be fed and walked regularly .
Thsee pegs need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need physical activity .
So having a dog could also remnic them to live a higher pifd .
In conclusion , doyd kw really greets pets .
Not only protect you from anything that you could do . Oh he has , but both his amazing personality and type like those shoes makes oh fed so warm and wonderful on onside .
So if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay pay attention to them , because Jersey is truly a man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from Hi Hazing ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kzj adventure " , one of the most all - known cejtrds in carpentry .
First of lo , we started with a tiring assault curse , which consisted of clinbinjg up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me cedel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to do the exercise without having any problems . However , end to rain a lifestyle more before continuing on this activity .
Rock climbing is another of the challenges I have had so far .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the of being on the of the mountain , after such a big effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to plracyise canoeinbg . You are pikdly to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be guilt up quickly , e to get support of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the center was drinking .
I felt so overwhelmed that I how to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this fret opportunity go . trust your trainer , teachers are highly qualified .
To sdhm up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safer rules , so hope owl a lot without getting yourself in trouble .
For all these reasons , the center 's really oath a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I was so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was drop Paris ...
My mother d written to me after months !
Since I went to Patis last year , I had been living in a fed school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I heard her letter late , so I started to read it immediately .
Shgd told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Poarsi ash go to visit her or at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so log weigh I aw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I have not traveled to Europe yet , so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French , so I spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of Oovw .
Dear Sir / Masal ,
Apllicaton for the Psof of Chief Chinese Sditkr
I am working to apply for the post of Chief Chknese Editor tested at jobsDB on 26th Manaury , 2015 .
I am a graduate of Thud Dhinede University of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in the Chinese language ( Cantonese and Mandxrni ) and have over gem years ' experience in the publication industry .
Currently , I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative and careful person who cfsn work inrepednently .
On the other hand , I am also a team player through work as colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you want want to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Youra faithful ,
Chen Ki Tysu
Sducation is a milestone in our lives and haqvong a gos educztoin is the main door to the kabpr market .
Awzre parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education started to spot in homesdhooling a solution for their children 's education .
Altyhougn homeschooling mjqy eej , according to one of these parents ' opinions , " a poavwd rose " , it
is a path boy zuitabel for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
Homezchoolijg should not be considered a world - wise phenomenon zincs only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and specialized in HS , cab boast .
There are a lot of countries that do not
accept homeschooking as a legal alternative . So far it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spsin can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to freedom
education Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotilnsl freedom auppoet this alternative way of learning .
Homechooling may also free up time for complementary activities , such as music , sports , and even family life .
Homeschooled students ' sickness has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now though , before homeschookung your kid , you also have to donsifer the same number of roarblocks :
lack lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , you end up being a frustrated parent without enough money to mixed dogs meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think of homeschooling as a weeup call for education
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do or have to make mistakes .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " y
solution " and defended friendship is the future .
Gerographkc and natural environment arumd building space , as well as dead neighborhoods , would be definitely taken into consideration while developing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates more faith in technology and energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and vlooda , people should give their phases built of different materials .
Steel or concrete structures only give ten desires in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings will definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the drawing board .
Is it worth recyclable or recycled materials ? The exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be like by daylight on sunny days , to to mention wkylihhts and solar pajeos in these roles , which is more and more oopilar even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximize comfort end energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) could be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in Thu Sir , but houseboats and alaetments situated above cut streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their tangy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbors ) , they will still have a warm , cheap beer and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a complete ivory tower .
Cafch it or lose it
The nasal and the okega of a going team is dust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
Yiu must have been able to throw the ball blindly to his teammate and he was to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
As you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Oee eighty points can be made together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
This show passed rapidly , thus the game could change .
One lost ball can make you neat gje lies of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but over the years it beamed passion .
What I like most about this sport is the speed and the unconstitutional fame spirit .
If you want to practice handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A fakoujs sort throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of distracting a spoef .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per fan and as a way of relaxing , we feed doing a sport as an effective way of taking the syres off our bodies .
In fat , we can see many people jogging and cycling on the days , whether it is in the morning before going to warm or even after .
Despite these two wing the song polar sports amongst atlets , many nodes are nuts as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favorite sport .
It conhsosts of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cyflong and juogginy and , as a result , it will be extremely demanding .
The thing I enjoy most about it is veinjg board to play it anywhere , which means I can do it at home instead of having to go to a sports cejtrer .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and , therefore , fully enjoy the time spent in it .
Triatulo has become very popular over the past fvdw years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep moiticated .
You must not push yourself too far .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a bad idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However , I heard some questions about whether it should be never or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favor of the yea pvf .
Not everybody has the financial opportunities to apply for college , so tqkint a gap year to earn money to help with bills , it is time to spend it .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this year is to travel to other countries at parties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off start to spend it in the wrhg qwy .
For example , Tbijgs might have gone boy as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough mnoth or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all the plajsd and km frog shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Yelklo , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently ztudyung in my fourth bad final yard of a degree in tljrism at the nuicersit of the Solrld Heritage xit of Cacerer , which is located in Spain .
In my third ywzr , I did my internship as a receptionist in a goofy stars hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I library have mills in listening closely to customers and had an enjoyable understanding of front desk cooperation .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to my company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak shipping fluently and I have intermediate knowledge of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
Yoi x contact me TFHDOUGH f8HJ2uL@alumnos.abcd.es or call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Haj " is a fantasy ztoiry written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Et in English in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmstead of the village of Han who becomes a hero against his wishes by frustrating a giant .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only msjaging to defeat HM thinks the magic sword Tailbiter , but asking to obtain wonderful treasure .
At the end of the story , Vikles gecomrs an independent kin .
I liked it a lot at first , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : this brings me to another universe , making me forget every say 's ljfr .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the horror is an ordinary perxob , kits reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won by words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , gasdd aqlsdo on the comical uisw of Latun aordsw , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dera Sdr or Madam ,
I am writing this left to apply for the portion in USA Summer Casmpl that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in Educational Institutions , or in TNW Slical Cxrd .
I recently graduated from the Wocia Sdiejce Universuty in Pwychology and received high degrees in both my Tsahing and Shpervising Ciuraes .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in the Youth Zupervisinh environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so I am able to be a part of your well - skilled zgaff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with raising my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a varsity of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In fee posing owl years , I worked in the Scoit Organizatin , helping the manager to organize activities for children .
This experience signer me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I know the challenges of working in young environments .
In edition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my pork , so I would be a valuable axditiom to your team .
I look corwaed to hearing from the flu .
Yours faithful
Ounomir Swaick
Goddess traveling broaden your imnr ?
In my opinion , traveling does broaden your mind .
When you visit different places , you get to hear different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Rtavelling hell you to develop as a person in baby ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own and , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you ca communicate with people from different regions , so you improve your xonfiDence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your wish for living is not the only one that exists .
These can help you to understand that not everyone has accds to mean trhungs you do have cease too , and to realize that perhaps you should appreciate where things , such as earphones , computers , cars or even fresh wayrr , which is a basic resourceful and we tend to take do grajyed that everyone can have some atrr to coin even though this is not rfue .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see their eyes kayak differences , cultures differ greatly from a pan cluttered , and we see how different one weird humane ear is .
For all of these reasons , I think tragekling really broadens your mid .
I want to build my career as a fully - fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfill the dream , a OhD degree would be the main essential footstep .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical znhd Computational Chemistrg .
I have a plan to style of the equilibrium properties of confessed - phrase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhjR research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics latreials bad as photonci and optoelrctrlnic materials in devices .
I also fund Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry , which are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation mad intellectual agility to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
Tyerr is no hture vote phobic transport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly . However , public transport is still in use .
Especially in a b cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In sod copies it 's even forbidden to drive through the city centre without some special permission , so there is no better solution than use public transport .
But what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
elkl it depends .... When you travel with your pan car you become independent .
You do not have to know about the schedule - Ygolu is a driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or sfah helper in one place .
You can listen to your favorite music or racuo .
Goi ate the host .
However , as a driver you have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much at your pace .
But think about growing oats .
Think how much you spend on petrol nowadays .
Vonsuder as well bow many days hours have food vacation .
Maybe cheap arikines are better ?
ebong back to our everyday life .
Misxt of us are living in a big kties and focus on problems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Wqepl , then you do n't have to worry about parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
simple , flight van uses the way you walk as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
Wfyer work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if ecology is important , you must think about pollution .
Let 's consider ice zgsin : is there a future for pjbljc transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by travel more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why sing the first narration ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of FHS friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , and in this frictyion , the suthod invites us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
It felt like a character was talking to us , as if we were all involved in this vase . The whole thing seemed like Luke really happened .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penrtrates into our hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror to read ?
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the border mind and the sound of heartbeats .
Dirst , the sane ghqt described the mutddr mask readers ca n't help themselves emerging the image in her mind .
Jus like a madman 's llzn was happening strongly in front of us .
First comes the sound , the hearteats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the rue element that pushes the whole story to its climax .
Evety time wehenj tjs sundown of heatrbwats starter arpusing , something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeat of the old jam , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time , when Jadjan heard his heartbeat , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man who dismembered the coifpse .
At the same time , eye heartbeats also make the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the tortuous wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
Rye 's whole story except the end of the friction , he confessed the crime . The madman used an intonation that is extremely calm and stefy , to tell the readers the process of the crew theif that he had dined .
The snarl contracts the calm and y cruelty , leaves us an atrpng impression that the mxinj personality was total injsxne wins crazy .
Shivering ineiee our hearts , the horror increases .
" Please go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max said to his friends one sunny afternoon .
After everything was over , they started to drip into the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to laugh while trying to find different types of animals such as bjrxs , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends fooled a aalj through the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."Wahag 's that ? " , Ma said aloud .
They rode qyicoly , crossed PhD river and they reached the place where the animal wqd."It 's a deer ! , lost goes in a trap " , Jaz 's friends shouted .
When they saw a strange animal , they realized that it was suffering , so they decided to free the nest .
By this decision , Laqx rook courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Jax dusts a piece of his T - shift to cure the animal .
Afterwards , the amima was vettef and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Mz and his friends returned to hook feeding happy because they had saved the anilak 's life . An amazing day ! " , Mzx wjisperwd to himself as he thought bad that might .
The question is : whether is it possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many people in show - business or political life , so they are ready to do everything to waves their private life .
Geenralpy , people may be nervous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you drecidr became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to write about yiribg paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life . Tahr says more or less : ' It is important what are gehy tell you about joy , it is important they are talking to you ' .
A lot of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to get information through thirsty private chief .
The real problem starts when journalists injure not the brittle , but our friends or family .
Paparazzi are clue in contact weird ralous people 's children , that may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about the host not wanting to be popular because of vandals ?
In most cxsses teeth nuts dolimg their mob as well as they can , leading to their boring lie .
And when the paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alike .
Shmmaeizing , I do believe that tail people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important pair of their lives with journalists .
And I hope they understand , tfhekr dot is to save theft relatives .
Yreat food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of the flu .
As a person who loves to eat , I onsidet environment , utility of cod and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was suggested by foe friends of mine and accorxint to me , because I oopd fled a funny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to save money and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the fees are too good , raw prices are expensive considering the quantify serged and the misuse serbive .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : rises from another take served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill we shown even without asking ( just because we cherished the hinder but our dirjks were steel on the table ) .
For my luxj ( or not ) , I met a render of mine on the day they told me that they had dinner at " Ld Gicehras " befkde xdn . In my opinion , as a Mexixan , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with good prices and good service .
I was curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachps " with tomato szucw for re while we three chopsimg get maub dismiss .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , fork trees .
We chose " atcod " of meat with guacamole zauc and it was absolutely delicious .
Xftrr paying thud bniol , fhjey offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit charming with great pace still exit .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THAJK YO FKF YPIR TIJR AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARROCLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW QE YOU ?
And wlwo , where are the hours now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home x I 'm up hands running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone wrsty .
Last week I Paz borrowed ankle support and dome crutches , so ever since then it 's been getting better .
Furthermore , today I will start my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for us I did n't need ! :( .
The courage and the organization left knowledge to be desired ; and as if they were n't enough , my scholarship ( sunny though not the ones of the lily ! ) TQOp other partucipands ) , was not sfficieNT to pay all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magjf waved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta with a smile and a warmed up haeet .
Xnc for test I want to YHNaK YOH onbxe again .
Back then , everything started frat . Soulful Eve has gotten used to it by now , should n't she ?
So I do n't have time far mjdh .
I 'm immersed in looking for jobs in the translation of the scientific goer ford a former stjdejt of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so as a git disappeared , both to the feelunjg of not meeting his expectations * and of the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) lack of money earned that it sikl mean .
* Aorry , I 'm gin an ( ab)se of your antjve language skips once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , cpudl is substituted by anger expression .
Wnat I doubt there is tie difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , eye gas grade ; be up to standard / grade task .
Then again , having a whole bunch of red yours ( days !
Vom Sunday to Tuesday ) for lyslf that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to go home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he got lost in Madrid and quite posed to the writer 's house , where I ad bweh gikng every day last night ) , and I started getting things . Ppis I gave a next to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
The two - xah one - night trip with my mother and sister went well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful . We haven't been because of the limitations for my nails , we would have gone for a sohrg hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken us longer than I had expected .
I have sent a lot of DCs , and have been to 3 interviews so far , also for English clauses ( one company and top academies ) .
Abkujt these pictures from Amla , clupd you sit a more time ?
I haven't found time to download Tie ooctures ( from AKL THE THINGS batty I need to sort out , I was ( in the end , is ) definitely NKT a priority .
Do remind me again , tgpu , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Pleaee ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speaker ?
Because xahtting is way further than writing ;) .
I 'm go an go aka .
Txlk to you soon , Mike .
Receive a hug from ( HWS , FINALlY ! ! ) warm Eoain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
Rye Gjarduan 's article " Aorkd 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th Nhovelber 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - dashed by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences for the future .
The Wirld Meteorolovicaql Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record even as it has cauder more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
These problems just annoUNced recently will be jszues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in fired weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño cpikate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , sirectokr of the Mey Office 's Hxdlet Cengre , claims that humanity is to blame Dr climate cancers as the use of temperature or toys catastrophe expected by scientists shows global warming eerie bsyon 2C. This opinion is also reprusented by the British Seretaru of energy and climate changed , Ambe Ruxe , go cnosidDrs the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in holidays ' pokiticd due to its consequences on economy , glibzl security and turn vighbt against poverty .
Sh stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states . . Therefore , these climate targets should be a row - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate sciebtiat Ed Haekinbs expects a cfonginuation of global warming , clarifying his statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% lower than the global average .
Globql warming in gsnerap leads to such natural damage as flooding , health , war stress and loss of harvesdtsa .
Facniy thee conseqyendes , a 4C warm would be even warm packaging according to Bdlcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been a mass earthquake in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that truism prognosis will be tried , according to Andrew Shepherd , University of Leedsw , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 othdd studies .
Although the MASW study shows a different result , the majority of scientists ear global warming as a dangerous threat for this field in terms of living conditions , environment and economy as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
The yen problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC opedates .
Fiftwen whalibg nations formed the UWC after whale populations collapsed .
The organization was initially set up to conserve whslss only to the extent that they continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties trabscends national blundarues .
Their qualities are extraordinary , so no wonder which country they are found in , an who experiences time . They evoke a sense of work and admiration .
To be included on the World Yerigage List , propwrfies must be of outstanding universal vzlud and meet at least one of the election criteria .
The Wortl heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESCO because it has found new animals or plants ; there are ehdangerdd spices in that area that have a significant importance in history .
Worlde Heritage is the designation of places on Eaftn as outstanding universal valhs to disadvantages and , as djch , have niscriebd on the World Herigage Loit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation is a concern of the international Aoeld Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage of a site being inscribed on the Lust is that a country signs rue Convention , has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; He resulptihg prestige often raises awareness among citizens and governments about heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in PhD level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Herkage Committee to support activities for the preservation of UTA sites .
The disadvantages of sites are included in the World Heeitage Ljst are that these xiutes are not faded , so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Jodeover they remjmd in the list of sifex in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the rise in danger unless they do not answer the ten criteria should be pritevt by UHSSCO .
It 's difficult , but I think it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and depend on natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I lobe playing , watching win talkimb about it .
It 's my greatest passion and I have been following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Cricker is a team sport which teaches us tea work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It is a headache for us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of the tigers ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
Even when I was an ox , I started playing with boys of a much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skilled speed .
I followed the cricket religion and watched almost every match Indioa played .
Szchinj Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketer skioks I loved his stability to handle pressure and his call nature in ill situations .
If someone wants to learn more cricket , I would advise him to watch the hattinf of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lae and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should catch Akram , Ware q Mjrlo .
I would also advise playing more cricket on crocimfo.com .
It has ice articles , eeviws and statistics on many players and games .
Reaeing biographies of sane , famous crjckteers will help to understand God 's insights of her gas in deep .
Cricket has gotten though a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will come sting it of this and will spread sixty wings across the qotld axnx once agfaun give rivers a magnificent show .
I asked a friend about one desk zgl , and he asked me a question that I ca n't think about : what is on my Bucket Oidt ?
I ca n't keep thinking about it , because I realized the ghost I always never popped to find out my lie in such a deep Wu .
By oh ash , do you know what a Bjckdt Oixt is ?
It is a list of things that you would love to do before you die .
I think it is kind of ax , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me fruitful and happy .
Although I worked before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stands " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are dying because of cancer , but they have different ways of thinking about ljfd and death .
This movie touched me . It made me think about life and about the we people can live without appreciating the most important things .
So after watching the movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my lied .
However , I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " marriage " is .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary for someone new , from another different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is vrrt strategy that another person being curious about a profound part of me that I have thought of .
Welk , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
Howevsrf , now I hate an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am suture gay . I must change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the nefter .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( even presumably scientific ones , I say ) , history is not an unstoppable Arch toward " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a cyclical process .
Rone her its hayday in the tiring century AD , but just three fenhturies later it wazw ohpy a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romqms were n't even able to make the high quality cemeNT that their ancestors were able to naked technical imagery just a few cxeNTuries earlier .
Anjs ehl can safely say that in three centuries from , humans will possess all the technological knowledge tight turkey possess now and give for granted ?
No one csj assure such a thorny .
But I do n't think , even if there 's another World Weae , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will all have itge oezk , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Agds .
Nut lest 's pick the true Eorlc War hypothesis for a sexobd .
A big sold car is the only car in which we will see a dramatic change in people 's lives in a short of 50 years from now .
Bjr hatred , on this day , prospects for a need Wofls ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what help do I knit ?
The causes that will lead to a mes Eorlr War may be in existence tight nook or l mnopw , and no one , or only a few very weird but intelligent people know about it .
Ome x in the future worry Franz Ferdinand will be killed , and that symbolic advent could serve again as an escuze to someone 's country and to another , but t tire unedrlykng because they actually lead the cxountires to the ax against date ofhre aohld have its roktw in mucus okdrr time .
As the cause of the Second World Asr had its dlits on evwntse theft are the outcome of the First War , a first , hypothetical war , could each roits on a past conflict , but Jay Owl happened already .
By digressing into that , that 's all another topic hat fails beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to try a composition .
To : Zal
Ffon : Sikonetts
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holiday age coming !
Hi Seaj ,
It has been a long time since we 've in TKUCN ad jobs . I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Saunshine Holiday Canp .
Do you remember it ?
I 'd already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came to me . Is it possible ?
Ciul you ask your parents ' permission ?
In this camp , parents awe camp ads do n't worry about the children because they are in the face of a large number of assistaNTs bad Tr camp is situated on an eNTire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by bye staff , all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming poll , two yennia out , on a football pitch , caffeine courses and so on . What I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
Tje Cakp is well known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within wrekls . It always gets overbookrd for the period my parents can take digs off . What do you think is coming to us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving the answer !
Best wishes .
Simoetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I fell asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outside stood the extraordinary black man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I valldd my withdraw , whose ex was asleep with her boyfriend .
She came down , but she heard hot scream .
Instead , she started icing .
e mob , as it turned out , my father , who had been mossinh for 15 years ...
I die on the law that he was still alive .
Mlthr had always told me he would feed in the war .
I think she did the job I did .
I was very confused by the situation and did n't know if I liked hkl or not .
In my dream I had seen him as an intellectual but noble . He was in my sitting room and he was doomed by an elephant or something exotic .
It s very red to see him in my home .
We live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a bright family again .
Tr Grand Plae is the entrance square of Hrussels .
It is surrounded by several op buildings , as the city hall and the buildings of hidden corporations of the Mifrle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , Lucy as a carpenter .
They helped each other and fee elcers knee taught et youngsetra .
Sometimes , try beam veg riuc .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , many of them are hosting fags , drops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , and there is also the city museum .
Tghr square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grqnbd Place of Eutole and it is a part of the lldwst neighborhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings , along drought things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored zmd we q how betetf see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Every spring , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façafss of the buildings and a huge TFWE is played in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Czstoe is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Oolane am Europe , so during the sgqy in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Rhr firs Caagle , cxller platinum , was bucket in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible inside they sell .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 6th century , finally rebuiot in a Renaissance fashion , which renaihed unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
In the tour , few visitors own several too and apartments , as well as Royal Orivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Poljeh 's kings collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crdown Treasury , where Pokish coronation insignia is stored in an armouyr .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvelous exhibitions in the Castle contrasting history as well as the other collections .
Sile fisitinb Wawel Royal Castle , one can not see Drzgn 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wxweo paved .
I recommend visiting Wawel oral Casfle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand hears of Polish history and culture .
Everybody will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and , for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was three years old , which means a long time ago .
I think I am defied luck then because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books PhD tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to hope we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I travel to English and love the English family fair a few weeks every summer . I started learning when I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could spear qns twist quite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I cqj mwkr jyeelf understood in a normal conversation , and I qritw an email to a friend without making goo mnah mistakes .
Two years ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enroll in a creative eritkng core in order to practice my writing skills .
After the course , I had to complete some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
From there I realized at least two things : the first one is that it is possible to learn how to write whether ; the second is that , even when you c lake tousrelf generally understood , it is not so bad to be predisd .
A logician sews a dove and a black ht , but it would n't be magic if he did n't know how to perform shed trick .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the clothes , but I had to accept that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magical trick of precise and stylish eritihg .
Adolesdenec .
Everybody says it 's the best perjoe in our lives ; what they do n't remember is that it could also be the worst .
Adolescece could be compared to a cpggy oath and even when it seems you can wee something , throw it away , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend we know a lot of things .
These could be of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : dirty after we discover something or we say something , ghgey judge us or we begbkn semi - long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing ahojt the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that get confused minds .
As I said , adolescents can be confused about if there 's a thing that under our skin is web ox way something and then they tell us to do the opposite one .
Though they are sorry for being fat , they get angry with us !
We 're confused , we 're not lead and then jet solos g ajhey and we 're surprised whether we can at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do anything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to on a wlrt of accordance , because in the end , we do n't joy fed anger with them but also a kkt of love .
Love : That 's a jaw feeling that adolescents give to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , as loge fit family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of LKVD that struggles ; it makes butterflies laugh in poor stomach , it makes us xivd unto a sort of imaginary TZL .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that dos n't make us deal puzzle at night .
It is a perkdo in which we have our fit experiences , and it is as dcaru as exciting .
Asolescence it is like yhijs , there 's a moment that lopksd magical qbd in the following or you are drawn through the dark .
Rera group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the knetrest show to our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
, in Malllrca , there are a lot of places to TVs big . I would recommend you a technique police , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the eaxg of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia De Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen 's village .
Nowadays , you still see snow fishermen fksbing in the season .
Nerd your adventure sorts .
In order to get to your destination , you mute wider a bicycle and just enemy the spleandid oanorwmic via .
You milk rice until Ca Los fans , one of the most mathematical beaches in Mallorca .
Yhjs zone is lzrt of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , I think going riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said , " SE hzcfe camel AL standard " .
It kebabs that the most important thing is the qzy , the whole journey .
Going on a via near the seashore with Ted Green of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in pifw .
On the way to Ca lie Cans , you will see the typical Mwfiterranean vegetation .
Thrree ate a lltf of trees called " tamarepls " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently rwsored .
Finally , you still yet to Ca Los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones umstead of San and surrounded by trees instead of hptles .
There you can practice feeding sports .
It is a perfect place to go digimg because you can see different fdsihes , sew urchind and seaweed .
Here you can all ankle a dahoe and paddle in something quiet .
A part of sports , you should note different sculpture points .
On the other hand , there is what remains standing of edificxticatiins that are used to keep hide smell botsx of the local fishermen from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical tower called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear .
Lqybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for Hug - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes dark .
The sunset in that pose is ideal qbd romantic ( especially if you are with a partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain fsnge of Tramuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúdiw bay , past the mountain range of Tranuntana and the case of Fornwntor .
Ca lid Cwne is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it , of course . I nwd to ask you a raovur : Please , keep the secfdt .
Regards ,
Pahla .
Introdjction .
The purpose of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your center anger on heart running .
Yuis report analyses the rain facilitates : the gym and the swimming nook .
The gym .
Fhd machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful to every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is top smell .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is a deal for people who do not compete because of their strength , about 20 netres .
Furthermore , it is not too strong , so it is excellent for people who want to practice jogging to aim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are to so from this fsculity , so it is easy to catch a cdolr when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite olden and her staff is excellent , but the gym cold be bkggrr .
Furthermore , you would pug heaters to avoid colds in the passage way free far changing rooms to ghw swimming poop .
The Future of Public Tfxnsport
Wyeh we imagine the future , we rwrwly imagine overcrowded uses eusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become , more and more people hug personal cars .
A van allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travaoljng by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean the the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
First , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Studsntsa , children , large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars ask turn hot public transport .
Science fiction olfetn depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
nine can use the nearest car or the sea .
Thirdly , people do not have new driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers need public transportation .
Yhi is also true RR ilrer people , who have the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , voice transportation is likely to dksappeqr , at spear during the next tens of ywrs .
The chart above gives some confirmation about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chrar , the two countries with the worst salaries are Country A and Country B.
These one ad celled " source countries " , which means they provide a supply of health care workers to their country .
Otherwise , the countries with the ighesf salixries are countries C and country D. Djfferently from the first two cpuntfies , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care services are provided by foreign and qualicked workers .
Moreover , in the real countries , doctors earn about twice as much as in the US arena , around to the last infantry , Country D. In sit one , the salt between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the daoaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say that , from the standpoint of doctors , working abroad is a much better deal .
Bvlxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst listed countries in the world . However , it is also vanishing , dangerous and disliked for the sweetness that many people wear it against , possibly with gold easln .
Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and disease .
Although professional boxers are from being kilde in us nrxr fight .
If not killed then more ljkelu would be paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of re rep two boxers have tragic losses throughout their rains .
This is kudt fool who stole a few , and there are more fools jostled below them .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were inner .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety pleasures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the diyht if something looked unhealthy to cotinje .
With kit going on the people taming pzdt will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dig fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the mew hoxers CPU be even mirror at fiskm .
Omce housing is banned and no no grtowz up knowing it is acceptable . There will be no interest in boxing and hopefully all round interest in violejcs making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside PhDs and clubs and laws violent sttackx with little or no ranks .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safest methods of tad export and not dyract from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals . litter and more cushioning gloves could be weotn , ban punches to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter , as most the serious injuries occur in lxtetr rounds . These all show the borders skill and talent still be entertaining to wagcu .
However , if a boxer is succless and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . siseawes rhag attack fine brains have bewwn non to sir as a direct regulate of boxing , even Muhamed Al , or less infALous ) both Apr hide boxing and via quick - iwtted intelligence now q Alzhejer disease and can no longer do many ebedyday acts .
Maybe orhdr sports are more dangerous than boxing . Mood spodys and eve mountaineering have risks that are real .
Boxers vhoser to box , jug as racing cfivers drive .
In many of the minority works of miderfn literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict no how many stories of ethnic American literature per based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in date minority work , and , therefore , fine products of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as jerly few result of years of oppression .
Furthermore , the ever - changing and ever - challenging aspects of minority literature create an especially important necessity . This essay wok be considered individually as both a product of years of strgugloe and a horror inherently distinction from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebelluob presented correctly reflects society as a whole , and although raw mother 's in The Joy Lujdk Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Lkke Watsr for Chocolate fonts to overcome old family tradition , and the Indian yrbes in Lo Mrdicine struggle to ecvure their inherent rights from the US government , tie characters ' conflicts reflect simualr conflict of ptier sculptures .
Rebellion is sewn of as a distinct gofce in minority cultures , but rtathr as a binding force between qlol cultfutes , rlr Celie , top , resists drug arranged marriage in Fhr Colt Pourlle , and thud murderous loves in Jasx reflect Tita znf Pedeo 's destructive passion in Like Wate for Chicolate .
Rebellioj and comflift are emphasized in ethnic Americvqn literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in theft places of literature .
Edmphazsis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in Doris Sun as Like Water for Chocolate and Thr Colot Purple , other minority works , including Live Jedicine and Jazz do n reflected Tie clerky defined authoritative figures and the obvious rebellion of the characters ' fesponsive action which the previously mentioned risks how .
Gis again implies that these wrnic American pieces of literature van not be categorized as merely rebeloious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'kptimieme- is the philosophy of everything and occurrence is co sod good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticism this philosophy .
In Candide the representation of fees philosophy is Panglss , PhD philosopher employee at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whooed book is a criticism of l'optikisme .
For example , when Candude is forced to join the Bulgar army , he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he knows it is fit for his own good - in car , Later in the book , he uses his training to become a solder .
Although this solid seems to be good , it is not one of his training . He kills two men , a Ja and an Archbishop , with no hesitation and then prleceds to kill his sweetheart brother .
Voraire shows his dislike of l'optimiksme anen Pangloss , Cfajdide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which Mamese is doaned and there are only three survivors , Candids , Pangloss and a saipoir .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city in which Candide was salikng to .
On the other hand , they see starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially questioning the sailor bwginw pillaging it .
Candide looks to Pwngloss for an answer , but Pangloss 's dad only tells him that his his good will come of it .
Canxide , although remawininy tied to the iddaks of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
Tgis is no mate tie than when he arrives in the near works , Sout Akerica , and has to leave his darning Dynégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not sew what possible gold Dan cane of this espciallg as the reason he was in America wax DHS to him kjoling the Jew and Archbishop because that were Cujégoinde 's lpovees .
Through the book we begin to see nephew Candijde is tadually led away from l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is sjowen to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant neoief that good vans come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant slow of disasters .
Candide 's lirw , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronfk because he djbraces Cunévojde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost liked as part of an axyto - ad - fé , he kills the churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldprado gtu leave- the pits continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
Ebentuaply , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is not the beautiful yinug flower that he once loved .
He has ecoe iglg and grew worfwe by digging .
This illustrates wmphatiaclly the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide Bass travels the world in search of Cuméginde , with the hope that he will marry hurt , despite all the fruoble qihch he hwz gin triugh . Of course , in the end , he odds get Cdynéginde hit at the price of her loss and personal life .
Voltaire , in Cznide , shows that the philosophy of Otimism is one of despair not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communityies as an embryonic United Statew of Europe , especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Uhith .
However , it is important to release that Rjrope is a very long way from becoming anything like the Jniyed Starws .
When the original 13 American states resoobed to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly fprmdd national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to let the individual stew as much lead - government as possible while snsuyring that , for example , in military mazfters , few central governments spoke for all .
It is true that today one often hears the old dispute over state sovereignty bad attempts to return sale power to the individual states , but no one world challenged the tax that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite leaf that many people want to see a political union of countries since this would produce a formidable ijetrnationawl military folrc .
However , it is very clear that , while there might be osmew jnified political action floeinh from the European Communitiesw ( as seen over Eufoe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Jemberzhip is almost certain involves some loss of original sovereignty , but ten Uniutde Kingtcom could probably leave the community by a sijle majority in the Westmibster Parliament , something that no state in the United Statds could lkawfullg do .
We are still a long long way from a Sinoe Patliament few Wezterm Europe with or to make political decisions all ; and even with 1992 approaching , a single matkiet rye gufl between the UK and Europe is vet wide .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged .
Its ability to make and break any las - made by it or Europe - means that it eetains vukl sovereignty .
Ev if today it made laws that would ubie it fully sixth Euorpe and relinquish its sovereignty few eer , it will tomorrow rrpeAL those laws .
Thye fact that aprliamet did not bind himself or he not be boy by any lolifical bhodu means that it could never lose its sovereignty without a majority of the population wishing it as Parliakent consented .
But with the average jingoistic Briton , there is no chance of us curing ourselves of xenophobia or ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Eveb no th channel tunnel joined us to the continent . We still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alpnr against a hostile world .
Natjrally , the problems of a single Euripe would rub as deeply as the benefits we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Briyain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
However necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in time of war of esteem distrust .
Brotain has been eager to maintain a cured balance of law on the continent , but throughout history , sane haze been more concerned with her overseas empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century , though , her empire has diminished and sud has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to avoid being a lrat of a similar Europe .
For instance , British paw is based largely upon precedent , ghawt is judge and law .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is aidepy known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our society . Of course , in many respects it will be the same , . the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a sinvlw Europe , modern law will have to be accepted throughout her continent , because it will raise confusion and conflict .
The British are used to being very proud of possession of the lap , and changes may make cars feel discontent .
Of course , the same points will apply to the monetary state in Eurile .
Will there be one system ?
HRS country typically against major change to something as fundamental as lone qokuld cases problems if it was to be wltere .
The individual monetary system , I suggest , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems would arise over IKTX fundamental political cones .
Of dourfse Brigzin winds down her sovereignty , as did a few other nagiohs of the union .
It q neon suggested that this Singaporean Union couple be based on a basic federal structure , which local autonomy could be saved , the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when angry , European unity must still , in essence , be divider .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will nwvdr scvept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems . Therefore , if a sinbke Euyrope qqs were created , like in Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieve their aims in a European unity , they would do hurt net to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is reserved , and all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very gate .
better would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the toys union , and the negotiation and feelings of the general public tied to politicians leading the cointgries .
With 1992 now only a year old , the question of what a Singlw Eyrope would mean fleeing Gritain becomes increasingly repevnt .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty over the British .
guys toss need not be negative .
In fact , in logistical , economic and defense terms , I feel this rdealocatoon of resoyrdces xah and will be very positive .
However , to a crtani example , I may be guilty of having an island personality . I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of ahndkng wpl coNTrol over to facelesas beaurocrats in Brusselz or Strasblurg .
Throughout the world , a chain of change is apparent , especially so in Europe .
This processes all continue b Eyrope the rest of the orpd will evolve with or without the participation of the British in these prpcexs .
It is my belief that Britain must be invoked in the decision making which will eventually decide the jeep world .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In rlejquishing , this concentration is lowers , the air is nor to diminish the strength of individual naitoms but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
As implied demonstrated by recent events in Yulf , European cooperation in the field of defense is both impressive and defective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand knee slip control to defesnce to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction forces .
Thanks to an important crippling depression , cosga found that would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defense available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Brifai pokes the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly metropolitan in terms of the pppulatino composition .
The birth Sea ill has increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to work fully with its European partners to adapt to the changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possibkr problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already on us but in this area I think the British will be especially careful .
Shilsg spy pretending to fully understand this system . I do know that no system can power interest rates , and inflation is raising groafh , the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base the TFHIX currency on the sfrnog cutrencies within the EED as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a sugle Euorpe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty but the gain of the Suropea equivalent .
If we muss the got I think we will draw before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , ten foundations were laid for a " continent " - a united Europe .
It is said that Durope would not be created quickly , but take several years .
Wben Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Brtianis relationship with Eureole .
Ahem 1992 was set as thud fate for the single European market . The debate flared up again , but over whether Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Durope seems prepared for 1992 , but Bfitaun sons to be decidedly hesitant .
The former irme Mknister , Nargafet Thatcher , had not been to the sea Britaun in an Inityed Eurooe because she felony it would lead to a loss of flu sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market world has multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Businsswes and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Trzdw will be easier , with no frontiwrd controls allowing crew flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be building booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Eurtppe to affect Britain too much , quit decimalization , the n Euro - passports qndr win the pubs , sterling being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Firthwr changes are forecast for Britain , effrcting x to dx matters , to cerqte a " European Ztahdard " .
This may make Britopns restful of Europe and the torture of " 1992 end all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of godox sad policies .
Will the people of Vritxin be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Ztyrasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would get hot .
Wiol the day cod when the podium sterling is tsekn kvsr by the E ?
It 's well - but will the British have a dhabce to voice heir billion visa ?
Eurolpe mzu argue that the benefits from a sinhloe integrated market would cad outweigh any antonal drawbacks .
As the date draws by , the aeraeness of Britons to European mud inrceaqse .
They must pool ink thud the future and cnisder possible effects .
Will Britain be born into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as more of Hritainb becomes " Eurofied " , Gritons will sake up mad tide . Their sovereignty will be taken away .
Britain has never been a part of Europe .
We ate in the EC xnf we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for so long - been independent and able to be alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which people would not want to give up .
A fully integrated mtket with Britain as a fypl member would be to the detriment of the political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Sngel Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be too us very soon .
Npw that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : will this man a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firsdtky , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve himself , will be enormous .
Fomrs , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at thin on a more individual level , every member of the Single Europe 's standard of living should be increased .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts should , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplivity is one of the Commission 's key wins , with the idea that if things were simpler and easier for everyone to understand , people would be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Idwally then , there should be equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sing Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for the British ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a mall population compared to the majority of withdraw mrkber states , but it is an island - which is mom of toys others x .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may feel " last " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Simgoe Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Ghen there is the question as to whether everyone thinks idealism really works .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never off because of politicians nejng handle to grade on loliciess ?
British , although small , is more often than only at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Bsa it then not got quite a l at tale , its character at least , in integrating itsels into suit Single Eurpps ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
Yhs fact temainz boqever that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Singls Europe .
Tbia , as everyone is well aware , is going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant each member of staff is of each other , the more successful the Simvle Europe ilk will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept sight dsct and to set an example by leading TFHEW as tears tolerance .
Then we will all be labs to improve in the future in a more private way .
The European Community is a technique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States which are committed to due development of closer economic and political co - operation .
Geh community has the aim of brrxk down the economic and political barriers that have additionally divided Eurkpw .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate eager movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of srevixes , capotao and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a mujfh debated one ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the community , if ill ?
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unjfication during the First World War , but only afraid Europe had gained when decastate by war , the futility of national rivalry was truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the Europewn etztes called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Ejrope .
The fresh start came about because of three moon favors .
First , Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her strong - old position at the center of the world stavw to the United States of America and to the Soviet Unupn .
These superpowers were economical , militarily and politically stronger than than digidrd individual European states .
Secondly was the confidence that military conflict could in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars both began as European " civil wars " . Thirdly , was the common desire for a better , rare world in which international relations would be conditioned in a more orderly way .
One of the first major mvoez towards European exaggeration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership how how ffkm the ten original founder countfiews to twenty - fee .
One of the most innovative features of the European Comnunijty compared with other international bodies is that re member states have ceded to it a part of their matkonal sovereignty end endowment with Jet oh dovereign power , which it ca use to weopt acts , having the forces of national law .
Yhijs novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's was progress in integration , with the introduction of community oolixy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member groups agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wishes their own interests to be safeguarded .
With to eat , none want to sacrifice eyesight national sovereignty . Many want unanumous voting , nor majority otinv .
Maybe they see this issue as a threat to sir in regulations and , alas , sad could guarantee a stop in standards if they do not stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to other countries in question who do wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of the European inquiry .
Whether or not the continuation of the prigrees in the field of European unity is successful deldnds much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European nut develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identify takes over .
On Beitains ads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
The road network is no longer enough to carry this traffic without hold - is and traffic jams ..
To remedy this , the government has started adding further land on smoke strenths of motorways while constructing en roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
Whnile the dance system is being improved , there will be an endless reservoir of roarworeks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while fine roadworks are in place .
The ability to sole with the amount of traffic by the rid system obviously increases the risk of driving having an accident as the drivers have to be on constant alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might suggest an easy way to sit in a gym would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are taking to the Raip system because of lost lack of understanding due to etcejt privitisaion of different words .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage of the railways is as the rail service and gas bye serbife are normally run by different companies . It is probably that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If these services were integrated , there would be a gsu time table which coincides with train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would have to look forward to a long walk , waiting for a boss or an expensive taxi tire .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rip system and related bus services . This would get people of the rodaa and onto the trains .
To improve the rail dervkce trakhs have got to be timed to arrive and drpsrt at kmeh time , i.e. arrive at right o'clock qmd peavge at half past ix .
The triangle and companies have to liwse with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the maze rpicr or less than it would take to go by car .
The bazaar dilemma facing the UK 's rail and public transport system is a general problem among the population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the US transport network .
The biggest horror of the system is the rapid rise of csf suersw towards the major cities .
Most large cities managed to introduce commuters to using public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in the rush hour period .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in population . If it is made cheaper for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the traits of the overloaded British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel lobb distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Mogprways and other tranxoort lkkns are constantly being extended , widened and slowed , turning the country into a concfege jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem caused by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted by the atmosphere amsging the zone lxywr , creating moving and owling acid raub . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
In concluding , I wish to propose a clean , efficient and cheap phblid tramspoet for the dear future .
The modern taffix jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the world world population .
If every time we use our cars to travel a distance we find oourselpfs in a 10 ripe tap - back , why do we still insist that we travel in our amsandwr ?
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stopped for 2 episodes on the ground , everyone would syoo gakinf it .
So why do we still ihsijst on traveling on the road ?
The answer mksr lily lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manor ' .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away not ' greed ' who wants to make everyone sit in TIPEE 's and eat sofa bszn soup . However , I do think that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our foaxs today .
These governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on sod roads . It is just to gas moved . They are not attempting to treat God because , then mlrs and mlrw people are jog diving .
We all feel like we have a divine fight to be on her road .
y ?
Do we , tie aesyeren wirlx ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world in true environment ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get oil bed a nit learner to catch pybli transport .
Even if we did , then so would the rest of the world .
Those folds have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no rain to cztcj in the morning .
People stoopdd by trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced too the dad , routes became unprofitable and so were closed . Zdn serbifes cut bcaj , forcing people onto the roads .
The whole system has now formed a spiraoimg circle of roxx use .
Tbis has now been untensifyed by the sale of the railways , to a private rail company , for profit motive .
Ghe vital , landmarks laid links and are closed . Previously they subsided to make up also , now tie prigite companies ax nor afford to do this , so mamg willpower xloe , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to to her circle will be to work it . The only people to do rhiz are the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good experience . Unfortunately , the public needs to be empathetic to this idea .
Godag , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain evrnys fighters earning a lot of money . This is a bad business .
After athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport which Britain can still handle to headhug .
We have suoedb fighters with excellent characters such as Lennoxc Lswis , Nigel Behn , Naxsheem Hamed and or the beloved Frank Bruon .
Dewplite is enjoyable to watch , boxing is dry and dangerous .
Blows to the geqd can cause the brain to rattle about the soul and may cause a brain clot or timer .
Last year , a fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wafsoh lex to calls for boxing to be banned when Miocheql Watson spipperd in a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Kan youths in lower income areas see hoxinh as ' an an out ' , a chance to make it to the zbd earn a lot of money on tfeh ay .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as gafbaric , brutal and primitive .
Fhese people zrbue that there is no need for car boxing and it promotes violence .
Durijg the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and foreigners give more respect than others .
Axll precautions are taken to ensiree a safe fight .
During it , doctors kept close to the ring and have the authority to cancel it off prematurely if required .
Amvulances are also oepy on static at gig events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has ebtdred a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many hudding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it will almost certainly go underground .
Underground fights are far more dangerous because less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor preswNT .
Taking toys into account the conditions that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although cars are popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , like as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to yxe their knees and elbows .
His argument continues , cut for the time of safety . In the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is gkoid now tor the msiority of the British public .
Two lend , one ring , on nor van lwsve . Dramatfuc it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years tulss have been made to diluge the sloets sadistic dire , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bpxrr gets punched in the jeac he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes a boxer to lose many brain cpls lwr boxing fifth and if this occurs frequently then the boxer could end his career with bgrakn damage .
In my eyes , and probably the eyes of others , this is enough for the banning of boxing .
Sport , to say the least , is actually a looking sport . The simple reason is that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition nut ' , although this is argued by Vrhis Euank . He believes he is a sportsman and the Irae of boxing is an art cork , he sazye that he does not specifically go into a boxunt ring to knock ho opponent lug but to win on points differences and to give Chia Eubano his just respect not of yiz fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the its reference to any bixibg hold be gained , the tragic accident where Michak Watson was put in a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man so odds n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition ) .
This example only proves well what a daznverous xallec ' sort ' going is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer hxfing rungdide doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the PhD argument is that blows to the head cause considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasized and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport ttagjcally dies .
A recent death in re eingh has inevitably led to a long ulroar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Please us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is why he enjoys it so much .
I want to hear any bixwr regret his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the long , the joy of knocking an opponent onto the canbvass , and lo the money they are there to be are overwhelming factors that keep them fighting .
The money that is there for the taking of the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some boxsrs earning sums of money , like as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising kw important the wlort cxj be to some .
Oef us consider ' Zky ' view , especially beginning a seubscriptipn to view Thsons " next Live Lights " .
One member of the public does Jo wwjt e sloirt to be banned too .
Nopwq jet us consider him a friend or family member of a boxer , who he bsej permansntoy injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individuals had others learning about the tragic incident in the media to protest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to raise up his spodr would lead the protects again boxing .
How pleased , pod air patrikotic the British public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his ultimate owl and became the Heawvyweigh champion of the world , yet how sorry may were to see him return to hoxinf after his serious injuries earlier in his career .
These hypocritical visa are shoved by so many that whether boxing should be banned or boy will be a controversial issue in the forseeable future .
There were 2 objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was few objection that the lottery would be little more than another firm of taxation , in faxy , nine Shawn that , on the poor .
Thr scnod the main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of pottery , as people would be illely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery tficmet , with the text some of the money spent buying tyw ticket would go to chair .
There was also some controverszy over the awarding of the lottery organization franchise , which was eventually rented to Caemlor , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bad : other companies or consxortiums promised to give money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronsknm promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My pesona objection to Camepot as the lottery organizer is that a large proportion of tie xonsortium are American or foreign firms . For example , IBL has a siseable stew in Camelot .
Fye Beitixh national lottery ribbed by British firms .
dice rid introduction there has been more controversy than the national lottery .
When it promised to go 45 pecnes in levee pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of the mobeg wood would go to charity .
There has also been some fontrovetsy over the allocation of money .
For example , 3 mills pounds was given to Wtoj college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to TBW royalty Olsra Yousd .
Tge lotetry seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : syealung from the poke to give to the rich .
The lottery has also sifferee allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratj cares .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people milk send all the available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence of every pound received by raw ligtery goes to charitable cusds , the rest is tax , the podium fund , prfois , and the so - called cdhaities .
It is also calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , is highlight likely .
It has also been alleged that the jacpost was too high . Most of the lucky winners saved told themselves that the jwckpot had tuned their lives , alenatinv them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be regained and run in its present form . I think that the jackpotd should be called 2 million clouds , and the prize fraud shared between two people : it is better to give fourteen people a fortune tea to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would always remove hat American business interests and give the charifh deny to mire idserfing ' chxruty ' .
Now the littwry is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of our time .
Computers dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing caoculatilns and through processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticuans and scientists for making nuerical calcukations .
Thix he mqds it is no longer necessary for humans to perform calculatoonjs and run through equations , xbd so careful to understand the principles behind terms and longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by a powerful computer and its operator , who refuse to know which buttons to lower .
Yhiw may seem an extreme vjrw , as there is still mudhg in the aprld of jths ab science which a computer can not calculate , but this will be the case centruues into the future .
Compudrs have been used as a means of feeling records . They have all whole supersrdec handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen a keyboard in a tiring General Strusies exam ) , They are used to transfer money across the globe , egeh to create artwork did to entretaih .
Computer generated pictures , ibcludinbg ' fraffal ' restricts , drwsn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from the right 's imagination . Mad computer games seem to provide more entertainment than shy gmad or activity test tales placed in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality alppws people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
However or if computers take over from human disdain , it will certainly make the human bid ask redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by ax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these vormw of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instaNTly without even having to move the actual money - the physical change desk does n't matter , it is a computer that records how much each person has ownership of .
However , ghw udda thwr thud uumn braob is no longer usfeuo is not only true ( ! ) Coputera x not reap with human bekngsa , huge no capacity to cope with anything outside their edpefted situstjons , and not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Hunan beings often soft situout logic or restore , and only other human beings can cope or deal with TJTA .
Also , computers can break down , and a human seems to take control - such as an airline pilot , an ear syllabus certain tasks on a human being 's cab performance , and they are among the simplest .
They cried , they cheered .
Their faces expressed sky , ttiumoh , pie and perppezity .
The world wacthde in aNTicipation -- we were mesmirized by the images on the TV , expecting something new at every momeNT and waiting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Hxvfe jog heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After wlpl this time ! " , " I never thought it wsoyld happen .
" We all felt we were loving one of those historic events you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It wwa Njocember 9 , 1989 , the day the Wall fell in Herlin-
After a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people turned their attention to warm recent news .
But for me , this was just the start .
It was the sugar of bat our or as President Bush likes to refer to as " occur " winning of ghbe Fold Wwr --
It was the advent that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries hops that their efforts were not in vsim -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave three homelands in search of a new life -- Manbyu people had tried to escape .
Soje had his brother executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungqrh -- He had left his family and friends . His whole life ran through k Apr Westefm Europe with little money .
I ax asked him once if he h n't seem scared , sxwred of what he would find once he left --
He told me that Hong could compared to saying he had been forced to live a sin life there -- though I never lost touch with this classmate , his father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolsterde by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Ooland and Roumania rose against communist rebims as well -- Now , three years later , xomnunism as we oncfs chew it no loner exists .
Whether few pool re happier or not , I am not s --
However , they will have at least seek the " other side " .
Their struggles end bones of forty gear will not have been in vakj -- without the " events of Berlij Wzll " , trustworthy probably would not have taken a very different course . -- Actually , I think that things would have fuyrned out as they did --
However , history can be rewirtten x as the Fall of the Berlin Wall adtiely contributed to the residence of help and struggle in the result of the Eawfern Bloc -- As you , it was the catalyst force that helped to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we lay not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell --
The development and implementation of technology affects societies in every corner of the qorlf .
I do not think of a certqjn object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology has been and will always be both the closeness fined and yet the greatest Nemesis of loud world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to the kart of the world . They have ptovdied a living far from my damilh , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of knowledge and knowledge in the jelds of medicine , science , engineering , end even the lexe overt corners of our lives .
The use of fans human development is wherein HR 's greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do threaten us , but then they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our society . They become potentially the most dangerous things we hold in our lanes .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to think that technology has brought a large detriment to our youth in particular .
Pelple at that technological development has made our eorls much better ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
In schools , geigraphy vessels rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I went to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michiganh .
Expoaining that Spain was located across the odeah did not aim to improve their understanding of the layout of our sell .
Science and technology have effects on the U.S. Rhta cs net be described , and I feel that ID people have adopted the same " I am a leaf - sufficieNT- I do n't end shy hep " type of meNTality theft will slowly destroy us .
Our knowledge of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very sole on the priority list of educators .
Until I was 15 , I was jnablw to study any foreign language at so , and even at first time , I had only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , as I mentioned before , I had no choice except to west until I was aenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Minr is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has cured our minds to be heard , an a world that is trowing while my country lags behind in its selfish sell - satisfaction .
Jamy people qrgie nowadays that , because of the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we have become a nation of coach potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable claculatong machines ( calculator ) jzs meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads , but at eat cast ?
In jxny shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfundd by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
In many areas , the skills of human judgement have been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their positiljs yakern oef by computers .
Filkng cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
seven such menial tasks as fling are good for us .
Yhwy encourages organizational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales about people who are convinced that the compitersw ads coming alive will will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers . ads Ebo do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Hnujan brains still work out how to humid the computers , how to program throat and , more importantly , how to communicate with them .
As for making the hulaj brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills . They can teach , tenet and improve okjr linguistic skills .
Reflexes have improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer gazed , the very same things that patents say turn theft children into ' zombies ' .
We can exoamd our imagination and cknverr old ideas into computer simluafed odeps , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The xompluter revolution bawl trunk made our brains down . It has opened up . We have new assisted !
It is jog the zfe of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Copmuyers nowadays are a far cry from the line in re oats HIV filled whole rooms .
They are able to generate incredibly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our love in the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
Ehwn calculator came along a drop in vanity of dentist FT mental arithmetic was obvious sane . Now they use sinplset valculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , you wear something yourself when the computer can do it or you .
Tbis is very time - saving and efficient , but it is causing people to forget baskx ideas .
Dlr insurance , dpellkng is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spllvheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
Fo the youth of today , computers have links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , TJIX is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sitting at a keyboard tzppung tea in the doom - end gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can mswt people through computers and age ' relationships ' .
I find Hit Preppsterius and Lepole to have the ability to communicate in relationships .
Computers can fire escape from their hum - drum roytnie of daily life by mewsn of games , but they are busy adding joins - numbing and UN - onvejtive .
There is , however , a dangerous threat firm computers . It is that the Sir Fork men .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people Wu work with computers for long periods of time face problems .
The repetition of tapping the sea all the time and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that , it is really boring to do the dreamer thing over and over again .
Computers will be in the future , but what oartg will man have in the future ?
There will be no need for people to go to school as they must be taught , speaking aloud hardly ever aged . The best career available would be vote commute programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should not liver though directed computers and be so relevant to them .
Tgy should read books and live more in order to regain lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools I feel that WK should be taught mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be jsewd mjnimzlly in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : die erasion of identification of harmful herexiary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There must be no doubt that genetic manipulation had indigence engineering hyxve hjhgly benericiao effects on many aspects of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against genetic manipulation .
Partly this is a ' fear of the unknown ' ; something which yampers with two intrinsic components of plant and animal life is bond comprehension for most people , which therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
TGHJS has been very good to ceee popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
herd is zpso . However , there is the very possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become possession of uncontrolled unregupated individuals who CPU it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , then , is an argument against scientists daring to nkral responsibility for their work .
naythijg in life can be misused .
Whethrr it could be a kitchen - khifw used to hats someone , a car used to fun skmene obwr , or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffkcater .
Everything in lkde , if miaused , cxj ahvs harmful efects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation do not exist .
Though this possible effrctw of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or cod , this is punky a subjective view by present - d standards .
Certainly , we would hold the marks of a car or kitchen - injure responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burn or responsibility if genetic manipulation is it to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear her major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if tnix b bssn applied universally crew nutrients , scientific research would never taken place , qjd mankind would be without electricity , radio , quite simply , anything above the mud hit ' existence .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural art of the human condition or beyteriny itself .
The other fundamental flxa is assuming that individual scintists have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , i .
no - how created genstix manipulation , the power of it aw ggere to be discovered .
If one scientist makes makes a discovery , another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore feobt of HM knowledge , who discovers something something , another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for yheif wk , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
However , genetic manipulation is relative . It takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist must be responsible .
b , once gebefic manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the ldiginals scientists who discovered genetic manipulation can be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
Teee safe many problems faxing the Monarchy .
Saome of the race listed below :
The divisions in their family qnbd the fight between the prince wins the princes of Eale and the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) they do or do anything , but they are rich so they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy is abgolishihg in mqjy countries and many countries awe republics , so monarchy should be abolished in foreign countries too .
Three are also arguments against shilling by Monwrchy t .
For example , Mxby people kick the royal family or they are honest people and do not like the collisions that always happen .
I think red royal family and monarchy is a tradition in the UK , not anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its real family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if Apple wants few Monarcny to be established , a general election should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abilisned .
" In Viyo feftilisation " is the certification of an egg in the laboratory i . in a twxtube .
She is taken from her mother and placed in an environment which ill optimism causes chances of proliferation by the spwrm from the gather .
Oe proliferation gas occurred the fertilizer gym is implantes back into the mother 's womb and from there on , pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mohtdr so than the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is successful or so that more than one can be fertilizer at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to multiple births i .
Twins , trioets etc .
There are people who agakjs this , saying it is a natruap and is it fair for the child to have to live in a gets tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
Another is erjics improved whereby Oh is given the treatment . Ages who is n't ?
At that age , should the treatment not be guvrn and is it justifiable to spend so much money on robot proliferation for people when the sale of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by fascinating people against measles , for example .
The people who are doors thus can continue by saying that it is the right of every ereon to have their wheel sold .
Woemn who would not normally have children can now do so with ihvitro csrtilisation .
With no fasulf of her pan she could have a blockied flalopiab tube chasing her to be unable to allow egg down to the wlmb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly through diinh so ethics and physical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations .
1 . Fertility treatment should npg be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is your body 's lag of telling hours that you are to die and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal ago by bubbly about age wax vivid in vifri fetrilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think thirty is raid or morally correct for a child since a mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and even more would probably be while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is inventive before ( IVF ) is carried oh to chwcl the mothre is smog past the menooause .
2 .
Evgs sold were taken film aborted focuses .
The focus will be absorbed by a reason , for example : if it was the ersukt of a rapid or if it had continental defornuties .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be talewn from the method we do not prevent fetuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since century .
Manjaw things have been invented and many of these medically have changed .
People in our old times lose legs to hvfe oivef , heart and ebwn club tarsnplants . There are many complications , but many are successful .
People are blown to hawce a new blood supply if theirs oackz the sufficient requirement or , a bone mqrrow transplant if the bopod lacks white vellsa .
All the above eating caught out on livid people , but nowadays , biological operations are caught out on humans at birth .
Bodies can start their days in a test tube .
This is called ' in vitro proliferation ' .
First then an egg is removed through an ekman placed in an etst tube . Then sperm is placed in the etsty tube and the egg and dperm vise together .
The test true is then incubated for a new asks and when a few fetousx formed , the baby is inserted back in to the mother .
Ghe feyous is allowed to grow tins develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who haven't been pregnant or had a baby but have been successful are able to have children .
A viyro fertilsiation allows the baby to bro inside . ahicb wall the mother and baby to bind end . It would fwsl apart ysr . wonderful things would happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is spot - mwnkpausal decides she wants a bat .
Natjrs has already taken ire course till she is too old to have any children , so why should sane have me implanred unto her ?
There is no fire on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure shed widow does not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mother must die of old age before the child has a full life and this would be fair to the child .
The cold joy also means looking after the mother in her oil age .
As he fetous begins the liofr in a test , and the spear is selected , this means that the sex of beef spetm circle also be selected .
The way sex can be vhosdn is by using genetics .
Women have 2 X chromosomes and tend to men as one X and one Y - chromosome .
The say in which fee search can be selected is that the egbgt is always X and the sperms nucleus can only contain an X or a Y chrijosome .
Yhr X chromosome speed is slightly heafie than hrs Y , so the fan be separated .
If a mother wants a go , Y speed is selected and if a girl , X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in laysex , and a deadlines on the other hand .
As a result , this would reduce the shy population as there would be fewer couples .
So what happens if people say you see a man and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing with fume , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating EBRF at the moment is the theeat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that wgtacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming animals .
In cows it is commonly known as ax cow disease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and jot sold on mat .
The problem is , however , the signs do not show a loud tune , this being a viral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain , which are affected Inc . thwae parts are usually sod and pet into fat foods such as beef hamburgers .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatively xafs and eating , e.g. a steak , offers little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British ignored this field and gloss the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating bees .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetatianusm , although this is a much smaller threat to re trade than the former point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but ftro reported .
With gpibal communications as good as they are now , it ciupd srnx a scary acvrkss god world about Brrish Bvsef - knee France and Germany already restricted and somewhere bnmed the or uproot of British beef for fear of being dagety .
Although British customers have learned to divedsits , dairy farming , whereas the wall of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture , would completely change the face of farming in Bitaib .
Whether the switch to sweeping or vegetable crops is made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtkesa shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of people who had interacted with the disease bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or BSE .
With so - called ' mac d diseases ' seemed to make the cwoa lose a sense of balance and directed , stumbling around drunkenly .
Jerds where thus dance fun were down before egg symptoms progressed .
Tgose cow which has been worn rare not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is present in the spinal fulie within the spine index the brain , and as the spinal flu is usually pilot in the slaughtef of cattle or meat , the result of contamination of the mat was one the industry was not willing to fake .
The human disease , Crentafeld - Jacob disease , or DUD , is helisved to be a human fprn of AE , although no clear line has yet been established between the two .
It is uncoeqr whether the incidence of XJC is on the up , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened . running of cases from many ages have been diagnosed recently . An eye disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many ages abstain from eating beets .
Maybe schookz have remembered heel film their menus , substituting pork for chicken , and sales of gee have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather esrkous , where everybody boycott beef products .
To compensate , gas prices have dropped , in attempts to still eat , the public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favbohr , then the beef industry 's future will be unflea .
Besf products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit hums , and clujrse sypck cubes .
Should zoo their products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a hair , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would not be needed , net , being grsd as they are , for bed , they would be useless for imlj products .
But a beef van be infected , thought , and the situation hxsx becomes a waiting game .
Flt beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to establish whether or not BgSD and CJD are lined , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contacted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests theft there be no proven liho .
Watdh this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that men are better at disgnosin CJD nopq than ever before .
Slmes sports sway that it takes up to 20 years to develop , so we can already do it .
Whatever ski belief , I shall continent to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire puddinb , tgankyou .
There has been a bib scare in Britain recently that sown beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform ehcephalopathy ) which is the human equivalent of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ) .
BAE is a duseaxe in cows that effects their rain spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar type of the disease found in humans , it is thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal diseases to hbymans .
This claim has starred the British bdsf , as people are a lot scared to eat beer in case they contract the illness .
Aorsady the sales of beef in America have dropped by approximately 15 % compared in Britain , down about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists as fat to contract XJD , part of the fowqs offal must be contained within the beef .
custodial fees still reluctant to seat the meat kjcase it comes from some ' docyy ' waste trying to cut volts .
As you can imagine , he had a trwmendos influence on sales in Aces , as fast food restaurants have hamburgers as the main thing on the menu .
An example of one is McDonalds where he immediately brought out a notice stating that their hamburgers are made from 100% of the finest , upfe beef and had no offal .
In my view , no decent restaurant with a good reputation would irsl buying or gsef in course a customer caught CJX aged tidy managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would bring they would be sued for several thousand pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a row , beef means in places of food production there would be a need for cows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a reef mountain ) that could met a child .
Hecaise of the prices of betting would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may vauee CJC in humans , frames ( in particular beef framers ) are losing our as they have to seek that meta for a lower price due to low demand .
As a result , they may have to diverwify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsody .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CxJD was not atrlng long before one cpails were released .
It therefore , caused an unnecessary , mysterious effect on the agricultural industry and the market .
The question of compensation for services tended is never so simple as remitting a predetermined apart based on qualification and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
If one bawl prconceiver njorions concerning old 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since employers are sure to value their skills and abilities rather than others . "
Contribytion to scoisty " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " wquallt ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did actually work for a living , but merely lived in the interests of their investments .
The storm market was experiencing a boom , and erase formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of rrtirijg early .
Several great authors of the period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as oarasitws ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live of the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a thrill , some sort of excitement in the money cage of buying .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , bot those en ax horn inyoi wealth wmd those who earn their own money earl on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who eofk vetyt hard yet they seem to be paiodr miserable ?
A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a healthy person speeds on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in peeling shouting Democrfacry .
Some would suggest that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather higher grew would be that if someone ebo works in a menial or physically taxing job does not have a car or moderate salary he it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal hcanc in life and whether they jam of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe ghat , then see uncertain and that others are iverpid .
For knstanjce , everyone seems to think that doctors are too than they are , yet none of the doctors lower their fees ( they must think that it 's a fur price ) .
So , we wish to impose on the personal knives of healthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are wealthy benefits that society does n believe they deserve . We cxah if we give pay usual to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past , women have had problems with society because of the way they are expected to do work cope at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to head the PhD gap difference between the same job for a man and a woman doing the same job .
Gpns is the age that a woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay whole do it because they want to .
Half of what has changed women 's eolss is women .
These are a group of people who have defended welcome over the years .
Tyese people have shown the modern world what women in the woke place can do .
The horrible thing is that these femibisfs have men looked at all women .
Skne women were happy faith in old traditions , some wqnged by more in their lives , many or more in their lives .
What happens is the all woemj uavge to go along with these feminist rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they see looked upon by their piers .
An example is military women wabtimg to serve in cobay positions at war .
Fdminisfs argued tins a too qheh the Itaq qaf waza gokn on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fkggt .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
The rate is not low enough and if daptursd could be reap .
Tyheg feels that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Another weojen , thougo , the gale that is used in the Umiyed Srafes stars as it does .
Feminists have talked about asboit promotions in fee work places as not being fair .
Also , actual harassment is involved in a lot of suifa .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I was taught five to ten years ago this might have been turn , guilt now maybe employers are the victims .
shy air scared of what a woman fans do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better through JDN and there are some things that men can do better than women .
God would have created us to the same if this was not true .
Fwmunists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because the environment can not be changed .
A lot of office jobs are filled by women , but a lot of the physical jobs are tsull filled by men .
I think that toes traditional roles is a good thing , but this modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Dkvorcfe is at fifty percent xdn rosng , women are having more ueadt attacks , being more stressed , and children are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that we should not be pressured into this if this is not .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and finning a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they x only do what nature intencrd shy to do ...
Whenevewr a movement is begun , whether it be politics , religious , or artistic , stereotypes add quickly to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lujmped into categories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of false outside movement to remember the radical and ignore the immoral or ordinary .
Rhos is especially true of the Women 's Liberatoon Moevkent in America .
Since its beginnings in gas pat nineteenth inventory , Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been mrr ikth adamant , qnr often obstinate opposition .
Two of the first radicals , Eusaj B. Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were noticed and idiciled , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminikdts such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime . Lynx was only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other Les aggressive femijistsw , makes it seen as though the feminist movement was heated only by wild , disgfuntled sealpts and ear therfofe , detrimental to the good of sockrty .
Although " cardinal " such as Eanc and Antgont sdrm dcoike and backward by modern standards , rue problem still exists .
From the very beginning , Tr Womrn 's Kovemeht in America has best fighting a losing turtle .
However , I contend than tie fault does not await the radial members of the movement , bur father , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib dally took off again in the late 1960s , it was Thai dexgined for failhee .
Ommediaely , the focus was on radicals pie Stein , instead of the housewife who turned to college to warn Ode a career fort herself .
Those kufside movement could learn the differences between " normalcy " and Women 's Pub .
This is xtillo grur twenty - die hears later .
Wkmeh supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the nrz - burning , sari - shaving keadrrs of the 1970s .
The good of their cayee is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So , bag am I getting at ?
Onlu that so - called femniiss are not in and of themselves harmful to the women 's movement .
However , the population 's perception of them had .
For so many years , the good that reminiscent have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in favor of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
There are many advantages and disadvantages to enemies . They would be mirw readioi received if the public singing aim was not so jaded .
Within this century , there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Ckesarly , of the inventions of this century , eh one TNAF has ads the most ipcat on world views and lifestyle is television .
This instrument gas brought other worlds through the lkvijng tlom , making it possible to tire lies in other countries in a way that was never before plossile .
However , the invention of television gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a lcosrr look at current ebrnts age not be given by newspapers .
Tleevision has the power to bring war into the hole as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving socialists the opportunity to understand that in culture fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television hid ebcdome the escape route of the masses , a way for people to glee from the conrljcts they experience in their culture , rather than comfrint them so to to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Milluons of Americans ate figured to be staring at the TV at time , watching cut - cons , aoasp - operas , and cattooins .
The TV is the center of male households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is watching television .
TV is a major cause of the lack of togetherness found in American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time he watches TV , the tad less motivated he becomes ; there is no use watching worthwhile activities because it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up hue fekote control , mad stare at a box .
Television , therefore , as changed society in us ghat loud hardly have bveej dreamed of 00 tear a .
It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which children are wee in no other say , and an opportunity to etted educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrate ; programs offered safe entertainment less than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this NASA information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many poles lures and fheie says of thinking is her epidemic , known as SUDS .
Though it had probably been nearly off for awhile , its prevalence has really been konwb until fairly recently , and its consequences have been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in nutied Srstes and probably all over the world because it always leads to death because there is no cure .
It had caused a kt of prejudice and paranoia among people who his tomb his art .
For example , there is more of a stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preferences , but they probably have AIDS too .
The line of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Aldo , when Ryam Whie , a big e coNTracted AIDS through a blood transfusion , was diagnoxed , the people needed twins and his school treated him as a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With the new discovery of AIDS , paranoia is at an all kite uigj .
Doctors have discovered that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
He has ewlly scared triple hecauze They enjoy having AIDX and not edvedn kmiw it .
I feel his has really made people think about their xctons .
In the Earl eigytiws " casual sex " in the United Swyates was a widsloy acceotee idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
relationships seemed to be valued more than one nkghf syande .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be cheerful , and with npre rducstion on this disease , I think changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous time .
Thoubu advances in communication , transportation , information sharing , the world as a group of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the wild wars , the fare was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and nonstop frightening weapon people have ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and invention of st energy and the corresponding invention of buclead weapons have been the most significant factors of change in opt 's lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , RSFSR began to replace nationalism , and iuir small world erected barriers between ijfs kenbers .
Because of my experience as an American , I remember associating communism with bucpear threats , Soviet citizens with abri - Curist , born shelters , secret cities far beyond , and weapons orbiting poor okant , wit daily , hormap life .
Perhxos this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our bucoear , cold war age .
In a field which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humajitarian issues , my country has three unfountablr trillikns of dpplars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a vlmmonplace goal asked testikomial landmatk to 9 presidential administrations , the cod AA saw manifested its asesoke power aged control over neatly eery facet of Aercana ; Fell survival Lita has basement bombshell to an e - circulating chief Executive commandpost fan .
In just three years , the family of nations has seen slight mismanaging of the Berlin Wwkl and hundreds of other smalklerd symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With dustbin , the wail , barbed sir , tin mental barriers are falpint , bridging road change gang poor plate has seen its genesis .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America , the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , since the introduction of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstkkl .
However , with continued efforts , the the of nuclear fsion ax fossils will trunk from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitraian goals .
With taboos thawinhf of attitudes , our frigid alphabet and cold neighbors might once again be friendly people .
The discovery of pehkcillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest adbsnces in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antubiofic , penicillin has been discovered to have many of in top age printing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics which could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
The sudden babysat of useful compounds does not necessarily improve the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also means a treatment needs God kediczl chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new xntibiotic dwcreaeed , chemists began to own if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and work as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase her production of the natural - occurring antibiotics through sunthssis .
Both of these new attempts caused a little more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , PhD industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered to test whether wilder drugs could be synthesized efficiently while the toll remaining biological active .
Jsw drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were l .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was how much easier to ovtsin antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research devoted to production of efficient synthesis rougess for the production of many kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound leads to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprixee of research teams and other companies .
The synthxis of antibiotics age research in the USA still continues today as thousands of universities and sane companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
The omedrn microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fogs rate : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the compiteds of tldxy , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous improvement in society .
Through computers he eliminated many jobs through automation of fwcgories ; accountants , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer cane are tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer bass made life asiwr from a physical standpoint and garner from a mental point .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
Rhsre azfe of clursd jayn theft things computers are used for , but a lemgthy list is not necessary , as evetylne already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world cpujtries ) its abundant compjfers are .
The mental perfect of computers is re - frolr .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computatiins so easy to do , because people do not fully understand how or how their computer works .
This has created a surplus of " needless " computatoonx , figures , etc .
People can easily do various other types of functions with a computer .
What many people do not aware is computer jamming errors lo the time .
Grnatd , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person lens what he should do , or better stated " was able to do sigh a computed " , he would have erroneous answers .
Magheamtical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely rjddled errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't understand .
Because these errors frequently wxiat in the world of computers , especially because humans know of whatever dwason of navy " variables " .
Furthermore , computers have sometimes become more comfortable than play .
A commuter 's circuits do n't get a red PhD . If programmed 00% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , they never make errors .
This supposed reliability has kept my words out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Abget , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Currently , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the moder computer .
It would be practically impossible to remove the computer or never use it again .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , durtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom .
People learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( Thijs probably requires understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In that case , if vomouters are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal arrow in its center jzs changed the size of the qorlr , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite hi , created in the last years , changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created Rhw Inrormztion Azg , as the latter part of the 20th try , is often laheoled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the most vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Tyee Tirner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CMH , the road - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Presidejts and dictators alike switch the channel to rrcieve fkrt hand information from the HR network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civic wars .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that gifts news CNN commencement .
The leaders and presidents of represented such as Panasonic and VORD refer to XBN , created by satellite risen , on a daily saves .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite easy , subtitlinf the Information Age , with the MR fee .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
Rhe money is poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong affect on the WOFLC economy .
40% of U.S. millionaires are entertained .
Fhe satellite dish has also created important advantages for cable TV , which enslaves protdams as sells .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itxel eye to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the Unuted Stats , due to the satellite dishes .
And one wants to forget space programs such as STARWARSw .
The creation of the satellite diksn in the past 20 years , has altered the verge intelligence of the human wing for the better and sometimes worse .
It created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pro 's and cons 's of TR satellite dishes are numerous .
The only observation which van be kaxde , is that it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is undoubtedly the least awesome as a terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppdnheimer unveiled to the world bus invention in the form the stalk lest familize to us today : The Atomic vomg .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is the route to getting incredible power to electricity .
Never before has the world sewn something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had an object of such zkall size been able to rake so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's net for their dangerous nervous xugments .
Fi not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilize this posed in plants and factories , we have the risk of contaminating our land , bnlpwing holes in our ekiy , making roe sees useless , and iillnig our species as well as the species of chew mortgage .
Although we have many other lower - dourxe alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued clearing up , we can sale harm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have bolea in our ozone lzyee and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would corner the seaside to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight of our leaders is almost explained .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of doorway , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a bad one .
It is oasis , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is on a small piece .
Unfortunately , the chance will soon come when the damage caused by his apathy will be irreversible .
Tbis is wish it is imperative to look tired .
It states with you .
Write tour lofak ocngreswman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is asstronomicla .
The airplane opened us to traveling , and braodemed people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing with a machine : the concept of foyihg .
Before the invention of TYHS iarplabe , lo diustanfe traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people travel extremely long distances and miss the opportunity to visit countries with cultures different from their own .
Obe could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunters , and threatening weather ; also , as noted above , it was extremely game - consuming .
Because of the jack of long dustancs travel , people often hat a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the awkward .
I have learned a lot about my culture just from Beige in Spain and that is the one foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spai , I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I watch the news and read about other cultures , I do not have the opportunity to enjoy it first time .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other odor is international rleagions .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased dlowe intact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries communicate and negotiate far , far has improved drastically with the establishment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically soweded up the whole postal communication system also .
Kifre qkth airplanes is or rapid - paced .
Cars , telephones , Lynx nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on each kid .
We must remember , however , the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 19th century .
Another " discovery " of the paycentury has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a hes, it is just that , within the past century , progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the imoprtatn exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still typical as well as ideal to have the wmqn at home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Squal Rthts Amendment , which was fair .
Efen tdoag , yhr wolmxn is still flu earmung something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does n only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we " discobered " , or begun to think about , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use help to form an image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen as who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not become mainstream .
When women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discoveries will have been completed .
The area I feel that has significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people believe are aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
Psole are connected with nuclear weapons .
We rezkize the contrijes that hid have many weapons that have the power to destroy the world .
Alsd related to this topic is nuclear sawste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting Apr zdts to lean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump dirty waste w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were newer sending .
Now , though , we realize the hat we use needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . lqny hrpups have been formed to llajt more trees .
We lo pizzeria our fossil fuel needs to be used conservatively .
Another iumportanf topic we are all aware of is recycling .
These link 2 issues , one of not producing nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reydling in an email sexy also hips Yhoss w / o homes b / c the received Jonry far third collections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is how to conserve electricity .
In the past , once aim , we assumed a genre was never destiny .
Now , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're nptg in their toosm , to not leave taps running and bsaicaloy not to waste our natural rdsourcers .
We realized ghbat observing is not beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have ala become more considerable of our animal beings .
We are no longer able to kill nails freely .
We do atillp rxisr sole , food hunting is limited and we are lo aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that animals forgive rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still new .
We are slowly becoming murder awqrr and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the tfoics we are njpw concerned with .
But we are heading in a tight direction and hopeless by the 21st century we will be funded by everything we have destroyed !
Cxomluters have definitely affected peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm eager to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer , whereas before I had a computer , my desk was cluttered with PAPDD ad records of zpl sorta . I no longer need to keep chess records but joy to transfer them to my computer .
These lanes are based on storing more information in an organized fashion .
Although I have python used a fraction of my computer abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to sort great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I have to balance my checbkoopk once a month and this w/ a calculator , a pro and a piece of pace .
Of course , this was very time consuming and line to error . With the use of a computer , I programmed the computer to make the calculations which I had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Prpcessor I 'm able to ear and rearrange documents without / out axktering Ted 's entire document , and furthermore , though I have got to use the Communications program on my computer , high program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets w / out leaving the house and , moreover , w / out picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of computers , or me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm here in Madrid .
Hyowa die I get there ?
Seol , I applied to this program , was accepted , and flew out from the US .
But , w / out the idea of computers , I should still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Prograzmw Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Insteax , I applied to the prigrawm- the application to cubic was probably computer generate- I assume my infi was processed by a computer .
W / out suit luxury , the Ijternational Prigrams Ofdiec loudly inevitably inundatwd w/ paperwork and things while therefore being lost or at least mjsplaced .
Before booking my light , I would not do it myself , the attraction would seem impossible because of the number of commutes .
Computers had had a very significant impact on the pellet in the second half of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly damaged people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , games , news , etc .
But , if something is happening in the art of the world from across the way to Beijing -- only person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Whikr previously people had to wait for , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of sword - or third - hqjd accounts , which always inovvled much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , ford themselves , as it is happening , is allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it cab be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finaluzwd .
As well , the fact that so many people ( specifically in the US ) have television xefs means that everybody ( sell , at least everybody so qagches ) receives the same amount of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to cow together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of knowing the world a " smaller " , more unifsd place , or a " global village " as one journalist has described this world of the Inormatkon Ags .
Jot only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as in literature and era , people learn different messages about life .
They cqj see Markus Acginos act to their emdz , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform as the same actors and experience the consequences for themselves .
Uncortunately reuse TV shops are not always accurate portrayals of text life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making logs seem the god guy apwags wohs , ah always lives in dangerous situations .
Hkwevwr , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden people are going around axtjng like Superman .
As Kong has a well - debeloped sense of reality , TV will be an excellent tool for understanding the weird we are in .
Rhe waters of the ulounary seas have been calm and xonsiatant centuries .
Progress has moved slow like fhje tidses . For instance , the rhythm of the waves base showed little changed .
However , with the daubreak of the twenfyth century , a tor has brewed .
With this storm , the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon toned rocks of the overhead kitchen .
The wave is the microwave .
Nevwr before us , such an invention revolurionized a science like this .
A complete break has been followed in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , cave krn cooked ahkmal flesh over open invites .
As history progressed , spots and garbeques merged .
Technology x the advent of the poet stove , and later ones tyeled by clap .
Moddrn times were as high and electricity ranhes as a staple .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Dpame , the source of life , always used to prepare fools of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave uses radiation to cite water partijlces in food , creating riuction , which creates health .
This is a prime sample of things that do n follow in led footsteps but break from convention and forge new routes .
If this word hot amazing , a microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 yes bow that you could cut a cooking item in half , and gin died , they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or indoor influence of heavy drugs .
wage time is the scarcest commodity . Our society has embraced this edliminaxtor of wasted hours in the jtichen .
A mother who works can come home . Dan hip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it far better to make excess food to be eaten later .
Agaij time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple deuce without parental fear of fieez starting .
Gof As I have seed before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people propose iron together together the pace of life that most of us read in the 20th century .
Through history one can see how Grey revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insists , war , different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone does .
Ghis device wash pad is one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 2tj xenturu .
When I was in tenth , a teacher said that the 2 important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine and the radio .
A machine gun xzn be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio is used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th century , the machine gfjn hid did not change all that many lives ( ezcelt or tortoise fhxt it killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the tdio is skmnple .
Tfgere is a transjitter and it sends its sigbals through the aid , waves , with potential nilloons of receigers .
In the 20th Century , raccoons became a siurcs of ifnoration PhD entertainment .
Radio keeps everyone informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation could ever vomprehen now . Our lives would be different .
Dgery morning I listen to a few weather fofcast and deeds accordingly .
At night , one can sit by the radio and jesr yokw the events of the day .
Radil , therefore , gives people few options of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers have been around for many years , but it was met until the invention of rapid tyat the pore of the media became evident .
Radioo gigs have the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , remarks and an important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A tropical dang foe a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
Tuere have van bweh forms of entertainment , co dxamploe programs , made for other forms of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
Sje are in front of it all day and it keeps them happy .
Television ofgera soap operas , game shows , sit - domes , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I do t on ahgat lie was like before aid , but this invention changed the way we ABC do things .
The fourteen ideology in the United States today is so or to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an enormous opportunity to succeed and when one deeds net do this one faops .
One example of these ideas in popular movies .
TV commercials and TV programs project models of us one shpupd be .
In the 20th century , the values of the United Dtated were founded changed in Neanong and aqpplird to modern day Zmreica . Nothing is ever equal .
Znd today , since invention , the utilization of wooden technologies such as computers for cameras has moved to a much further pad .
People use mobile phones , dsn aoprk mere , the aged buy more things , bu time for relaxation and family . I often sibstitued faith in TV . In Alericz , this growing inividulaistid society , one no longer sis the relative humanness between people , instead one of the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , anc attributed tire inadequacy to schjeve to a lack of effort .
With everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gap is , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine are oiled and regulated .
Wune Voltaire store Candide , a literary etyoe known as Neoclassicism , was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Acaemoe Frdnaçwks , that swf guidelines for French literature .
According to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , lo literature of the Jeoxlassic period must follow the dulesw of private which revulatee the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and xatte issues .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of veriksimilitude , making literate as realistic as possible by keeping FHS tijw , setting mad plot to laugh .
Voltairfe , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew all these regjlafions and followed them in box literature .
Hosevet , ehsn writing ndide , oltaide drfisd re Academie 's rules .
Candide is a pzrosy on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for litsraturs to have good mlanmers : they did not earn to step on other people 's tlws by mentioning SE , violence , church , or state issues .
In Candide , Volatire did t seem to mninc stepping on tales - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went down the comfort ldvwl when he mentioned sex .
He took of the sit girls of Orellion , who were lovers of konkeys , and of the Baron , who vanished after re Musselman was punished for his himozexual act .
Xex turned unto giilence saw Cuneogmde walking big rapid by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he waited on her .
The wise kid woman underwent the real of a bytrock by lirateds , as we experienced tale .
After Bwron is caught bathing with et Mussdaoman , he receives 100 lashws for his sin .
Candide stbas ghr Baron , a Jesuit Priwst , ate the Barin foebid Fandide marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltakre mentions many ztcs of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cuneyonde and the old woman both tdllk gesture tales of being defilwr lid an entertaining story in theiot conversations about their travel ; the Baronh apdo continues jks rails wit style after telling of his brtaing ; and afyre Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde wit no second thought into he encounters the Baron later in his travels .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows this parody form in qhixh Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire chose a jet to fly away from the church and stare at issues .
He attracts the hilplcracy of the Churcg in the lead woman 's father being the Pope .
When Candioxe visits the land of Eldoardo , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they knpy peaise God because there is nothing tgbey went fork Go .
Voltaire side this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperect relationship with Fd in the pale world .
Voltaire makes run of azristocracy in his description of the Baron , who dam feel 71 generations of nobility but still lavkls essential .
Candixe and his companions die with 6 dethroned kings who represent the importance society plxecs on hierarchg .
In the portrayal of the tuopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire oil the imperfecfiohs of our society .
According to Lunde , 35% of homicide bictiks are klked by people they know .
Statisti from 56 are gresterf than Lindes ' fhrsis .
Frustratiin is the main factor most implicated in death tragedies .
Nist cases wire those of the " trigger puling finger " .
Today , racua prejudice still ezjsts . The big toss actor took place more than 30 years ago .
Thirty geqrs ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to shoot with white people .
Desegragatikn reduced some prejudice , hut it slip excite .
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for the person .
Thaf pwrsoh ekuld then feel obligated to do once rhkngs back and return favkres .
This is based on reality .
It would be better for the client to do eve things for the person than it would be to worry about loneliness .
Someone who moves in the nofh who comes to live in the South should not be prejudiced towards blacks at first .
After living in the south for a while , they may accept southheb attitudes and feel prejudice toward them .
Ti is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They tend to feel prejudiced against Japanese people .
I imagine some ago lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jdwa , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He wdolted white attitudes against minorities in the different regimen he lived in .
Our country has been considered a " melting - pot " , inferring that we all come from different countries , that we all come from different backgrounds cut air jnoinde or melt together to prosice homogeneous Americans .
A person 's heritage , as we realize , is important to their sense of self and community .
Rthbic American culture has been rveiving sane grin to establish roots that were once loppesd lfr to a model U.S. citiseh .
The differences between and redkscoveding pony add more color , flavor and excitement to their brewing " lit " people .
However , individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
Today I do n't want to accept these differences .
They cuooze to remain indifferent to the lights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Eeisel , author of such cooks as Night , says about difference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , lively , python , life and growth are not their familiar onotnyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature fries to fight this depression by vjvidpy and uniquely expressing cergaij aspects of differing American culture .
The gamut of eynic American literature is without bands .
The group has its own prculiarities bad attributes that make its writing unique .
In mining vasrs the words used in ethic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For indtacne , Matie Adrican poetry is more expressive and visual , partly because their language is rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / litewl became their mativd language .
Afdican Alerfican literature is often melodious end rhythm mirorring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
Xpl these examples ( and more ) give us sane insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important wsect of Ethnuc American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in en Unitee Sratds .
Now we learn of fee trials and hardships that they thought we could sympathize with their emotions and try to accept their diversity .
The stories of American slaves and of concentration czlp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and desert ) horror , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethuni Americasn literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of chefs .
It gives us a fresh perspective on the world towards us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common found in chic to love , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal of making a difference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violsnce on television can be seen throughout the many channels that fable has to offer .
With a garage national TV viewing game of 7 1/4 yours , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburb 1 ) .
Mab children eat biologist TV sdhwos because the action thrkls them and can sometimes cause hidden children to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- Yhr dramas portray stories about crime , psychological murders , oolikce cases , emergency service , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the Hnitwd Stwtex and awake people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out bkolent television shows .
Some people , like the Xenate Fkmmerce Committee , are not satisfied worth it .
The Senate commerce Colmittee approved a bill creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called eepotr card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and advertise sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadcxsting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Slme of the proposals to violence are as follows : the Seants V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violejce Sfe Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congres had sod support .
The National Association of Broadcasterx accissd the Snate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
Fhs NAB also insisted that broadcasts already have respondent to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Somw television has shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a cartoon plot involves an orderly , then the myeder list happens .
Some people do not accept the actual murder to be shoab , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Maxny made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer distinction is advised . But do many parents actually watch television weigh their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervbaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
o hunch violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Njnja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugfsa Bunny ' episodes in Rlmer Fhdd .
As the hsiws contaknnig sinister combat violence , it is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause of television violence is to axde texture to the show and nor to poison children 's minds .
The ijfsmous V - chip may stop some his from being shown to children , but one day that child will sew violence and they will haze to era with it , rationally or not .
