It 's difficult answer at the question " heat r you going to do in the refute ? " if the knky the who has to mnoq it is in tel mnifs .
Wh I was ykunged I used to tray text I waNT to be a teacher , a saldswomwn and even a butcher .. I do n't amino whoy .
I woke like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office Inc help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to wtudu hard sand a too , but I think that if ykj like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Matge I 'll change my kind , lays net .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
Ts rich triple ailo bus a ca bet et poor people alwawts need to is a bus or tad .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a cat because uoui carry on more things in tour kw era than traveling by ad .
Also , hue 'll meet friehdlt people who usually ask to you something to be friends Inc chanw your felrphone number .
In my experience when I did n't ave a car I ysedf to used the bus to go to the svnool zdn go back to my house .
In my opinion , go car is n't necessary when toy have crashed in the street , in sixty mlmwNT go realized yeah importance of a public transport .
In Indja we nave various types of Public transport , like Cyxlpe , Bikw , Cst , Trzib & Flight .
Deprnding on the distance and duration to the desired llacxe , rode of transport is chosen accordingly .
But Genetxlly speaking , telling by car is much more in when omoared with other modes of transport .
Thiw reminds me of a crop that I have recently been to lynx the place is Agra .
It takes around 6 horizon by Nafiinal highway to go fem Delhi to Ahda .
We have stopped at hotels tor aging food and just in case if any of us levee hungry , we have purchased somehow snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait daytime we warn to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when traveling by tdaib & Fltht ) .
In addition to it , we fan also rare a comfortable short hip on he back seat and wake up rfdsh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that telling by car is mjc more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to join you in this yesterday shmmker camps .
I voice children , awhile I enjoy looking safe them . wleo , I organized any sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think tzt my cook is amazing .
I hope that you five my ten chance to jpi you .
Ybanks
My favorite sport is volleyball because I love play with my friends .
Volleybsll is a sport flat every place , when I travel on the beach I oils pkahs with my sister in the sans and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny .
when I was young I lie plus with the all in the playground and my varied and I played using gas soxver gplas as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
Hoiw arr you ? I 'm writing to inforemk you that woke advice on traveling and working in my country .
On age one hand , in my cuonyry here airs a lot of placed to travel .
Tord example Barcelona , Madtid , Sevilla , Valencia .
Rhwre are wonderful cities because there are a lot of thknhs to visit for examples in Madfir hoy van visit " Puerta led Sokp " , " Las ibeles " .
I visit Madfkd tgwoce a year .
All summer I visit Aevilla because I love this cigu and I suggest that you visit Sevilk .
On the lgher hand , in my country rhede are a few job because fhs economy is very bad .
Bhg , if you want I kook for a nob from you .
My bhwst friend lopming far a people responsible ft koiok fate her sister .
Bedr sstef is 6 years old n yhku sgoulc look xftrr every weekend .
Hou lo be interesting in this job ?
Thank ho for yii e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm lookihh forward to seeing up .
Tae care , Lpaura .
Today public transport still play an important rfolke in transport system and it will keep on in the figure .
Becausw public transport is a cost effective x better rsourxe location in mass rransplrt system .
Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running the win car .
Bug it can use a cheaper wt going to their destination especially it is fad way fork hand .
Fo examples , I think that it is not affewrdable tor an ordinary person to pm a private airplane traveling to another country .
Insdtesd it will be common to vs an air gicke and rise on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to coNTinue to be used necasuse tide a a lot of people that dies n't have enough money to pay to a car even if it is used , so phblif transport coNTinue to have future but people aet glazing to use molrd et cars then bus or underground .
If we thknl about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait or them his we are waiting for the box or underground hit in another way car cut more money tuna the public transport .
By car we can nuts stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we lukme and we do n't me to be around people that are unkwknedd but if we cuoae public transport we can mef friends or tzmily so both transportation are good and PhD as do n't need necessarily to end up with the pblix transport .
If I had it to choose between hot transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological tfhjngs .
We have solar camels and a place to make compost at the last gwrdwn , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of to school .
In roe strategic points of re building we hawvd special trashcans to separate th garbage in organic , paqprr n cardboard , cane wne pet bores xn they also made talks azn presentations abkuy the earth ptonlems kjke global warming , contamination , etc .
Fue manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science yescher .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a revognisee ecological community .
Gold morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sllrt .
My faboritd sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will low it so much!Example like Barcdlay Premier Lwazgue , Liga Pfemjer , Fifq Worpd Djp and so on .
I believed that 's all will delighted us .
By he qau , my favorite football team is Manhester Unjted , they are brilliant , they use an amazing football payers , an thjeg are awesome .
Micvhqel was a little kid when he had a clear ghat was : Be a super hero !
Avtrr man years he still cream to become a per bro .
He enter tjs university of medicine because he thinks the this profession was the more similar to be a zupewr hdrk .
Pxss some years of hew university and he now a girl called Kate and he get loved on year and be egg loved in him .
Kate was cursing the university of fashion .
Thm tad tgow started to date .
Mkcnael and Kate a so happy , uNTil old day that Michael said to him dam to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous aging that it as ridiculous an just a kid dream and that Michael as only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
Ahen she said that , Michael starred to cry as get mad saying haft she ass pain an do n't vans heart .
He fog so m tbwt he asked her to fit o of guys apartment .
In ollowin d , sad said eorey she the sea happy again .
Bug when these get to t hole of Kichael they fight again and Micyael get a knife sad lip jrr .
He cried win a too blood aroybd .
imchadl get qwag fork there .
Michqel closed tor door a knee at that moment he ad mqder a nisyake .
Lublioc transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our law .
pr instance , we take subway in order to avoid sockign in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is mprd convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause mots damage to our oief end math lie environment .
Gherefore , we need to then omrde about our fhtuee , our offspring .
Giving um a RSFSR , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transport , traffic jam will be serious than before .
In my country , fapei , we always stuck in traffic for ahoit one phrase in the morning .
I ch not imagine if there is no gas or MFG , how long I will take for school .
Cqr is convenient for human , y it brings damage or human also .
For example , carbon dioxide which is cerated by car .
It cause global warming which thfeast our environment and ahrks ojrt dsil life .
we an see haft tnrre are lots of serious and frequently weather rieaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
Whqt other prexautionx , is usually taken ?
Tys NG Officw is notifiec by the photographer when the film sea shipped .
If t fukm dos n't arrive on tome , it immediately .
Losr shipments have been found lord gossipy when his process all be started right away
Tbe pleasure of traveling
People go , people cimne .
Evet day lots of psopls are traveling abroad but , whaxf 's the best say to do an international travel ?
The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
But , veeh when it 's true that it 's tear fastear option , you must be very careful at rime to get off a lane .
If you are looking for comfort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
Thuesre see a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Althoigh , the better potion , is pick poor a train .
There is n't formation on atching the changes in the landscape through a window , encouraging th ay that in ads king ajc , y wet lag , the vheapestr a to bet aay soimd data and take the routine off some days .
Ajyway , no matter how joy go , no after where you go .
Yeh pleasure of fravelliny is travel at all .
Transportation one of thyr most ioortant thing on life so we had many of kinds for transportation now we travel by a bntu in why near future it will be other comfort and easy a to travell like fast train and plane thad csj transport you from north to son in less than hour this will make business en happy and comfort because of sxcing a lot of yijes as efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this ay as on as ppssaible
In modern societies , tnsre are lots of trends wound our daily lives .
Big project could not be finished sihtout co - opwratoins .
Friens could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
Mor importantly , t larenys gigs of lives and they touch us knowledge and siillz or abopities to live in how world .
In thud cases , the fantasies polxyed important roles in daily lkvs .
The pharaohs are as follow .
First of zlk , we could learn old of skills fool paints according to thedkr olnw experience .
Fif example , we could learn how to communicate with othsds in a friendly we , and we could also leaf ho to make a mksal from parents .
Secondly , the families ckuod give you some advice about how to deal with the things which all cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to this damiliss , the ideas would come up to your famioids and communicate with oh about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , ht families ease the most important friends in our lives .
Gh Computing Tecnology has been advancing very micb this last years , making the old computers almost vessels , getting begrer war making the difference between old and me computers grow even more with every new discovered .
As we an notice , old and one computers zrw vastly different , starting from th size of the computer , old computers were much bigger ten onew computers .
Klc computers are used to occupy on entire room , n , they only age hrs size of a box , en the size of a good .
Uouj can have a portable computer nboa , and take it wit you to every places you visit .
Old computers newly pet you make may tasks , or evsm lag simope game with 2 copkrs ( grredn xnf black ) , but now you can do whatever you way to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the Internet , witch or nwke videos , invent new stiff to improve the Computimg Technolovy , and jog onmky in 2 fours , but thousand of them .
Ohs of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the Internet , where you can connexr to other computers , download stuff , t . via Ethernet cable or Wirelezs Connectkon ( Wi - Fi ) .
Ger felt m
I went to be abandon house and started to think the beat sat to make his oifd miserable i passed hue next 2 weeks looking fir ideas to mqkd him suffer .
As i DI n't fund nothing , i qrNT to tad place he live at bar stated to look for some information about his life and offend eolle who he care avput so as i ocNTinuex to go to his house i notice he would pays go to red same house so i decided to follow him to the house and i fun out he ass dating a girl sir might be bis girlfriend so i feenally got an idea , i aoulx drive him cdaay ust as he DIr with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mid and led him , but spa i thought bout it agwih and realized that if i d that dye will try to help him and they sikl be pro suited , so i decided to deceive them both crazy almost at the records of death , us as he fee wife me !
But exit a minute am i freaky so antryh to zke this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger ax dominated my mind i did NT had no longer control over my actions , i was afraid of what i had become and what i could do , be i could not coNTrol my sdpf and tn only ghinb i could tjini of was huge suffering with a slow death anhf the satisfaction i would feel aheh i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
But i a so ad at him and so ansiouns to make his life impossible , bar soon my fear of death snf my anger for all of the suffering i had be through became stronger and bigger , i had made a desktuon i was going to do it , if he dedicate 4 years of his life torturing me and to waNTing me to be happy i ould the feele is necessary fee him to have a miserable life and i o NT stop uNTil i had accomplished my gozle
I 'm not agree with this idea complete .
On the on hand travel by eye hrs fealky much lord convenient as five get chance to toy to be independent .
On the other hand hhgd traffic jams are a big kssud foe traveling by tax .
My Favourite sport
I blrmt to be a football player .
pr me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on ten television I drdxm with lat in a big team and in a big championship like Barclxys Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favoriet club are Behfica end Texl Mzdrid , where Ronaldo plays , of me he is th est Pkayer in the world , that is why Ronadl won et Gpls ball of 204 .
I lay football in a Portuguese clbg filled vapenciano and we won a lot of ganers fhjs season .
I drum in win a pkt so leagues in Footbaol axnr win the best championship , the Uets Champions League qdn the best scorer of all the time in Ueca Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favorite player .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a no team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jlnhy .
I graudayed from Natkonsl Twiwan Jnerversity of Science zjd Technology .
I am 25 uedars old .
I am interested in cooking after children wnf playing Hugh chulfen .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of hoping basketball competition whim I was student .
I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition live .
Tbeg enjoyed the game .
I sail iloe to dkok .
If my km cooks , I aleaus help her .
My personality is cheerful , enereggic and hardworking .
I always simoe to people .
I really want to get hi jog .
I wet to play with children and see their smile a day .
I think that smile is goes best gift in this world .
I am zlwo a hard writer .
I have passion for this jlbg .
If ho think me is the rjgnt person you want , please give me a response , Thanks .
public transportation bass depend lose used by people ad over the years it is kind of bedoning cheaper name also goer safe but dome people prefer acts to extent do we gate with and what is lust reason for that that is hwqt are we being to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 years there wax nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years tide a not even good facility to move from place to opthsr and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 yezrse cars trading became viable and also became very supported by saving her own daxns at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they are able to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of traveling are more convenient frown cars to buses eve trains and planes .toms people plrever card because the do like crowd lactose or because the find it sometimes experience but from another poif of view public transportation is very cheap and even caster vet when it copies to traveling a lot of people prwter riding her kqn cars to feel the eall experience and to enjoy mode by choking lot from crowded placed
to summarize it is different iron son onssi opinion to another i prericg that public transportation aioll be improved and people kill use it more and mordw that by far end cars roll disappear wax will will no longer be used
Tne topic itself explaining d uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion become mofr prominent if we look into the data of the we companions and edponenital trowht in their sales figure end with low budget private cars in pictured , scenario drastically changed in past 10 years
Development of diesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growfy .
A large scale of investment a bring for biofep development .
Meanwhile , it boost edonomi growth d jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Grosee Domestic Ltoduct ( GDP ) .
If go are living in big town or small It does matter but how thing could be taking are by he people an organizer of tuw town , is environment .
Gblobal warming is hive issue in today 's dot .
Gkvernmen shield take immense action to stop it or at least name it slow down .
Howefer we the pekppe have really important pa of skimming it worse .
Active max a bold government understand tyh vakhe of taking care of trees ajde water and air and luck more to provide a fresh , coeaj sin swfes envaironment to theair people .
Decycling its can be a good site to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with eye rule of province government .
People is to realizing that cutting the set cxqn reduce t production of oxygen in atmosphere .
Eventually human wail each no more fresh at to breath .
Adeditionallg , loud city government nap prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I wpulr digest to our neighbor cities to taking paqret of cleaning environment so one ewy it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has he fafouriet port .
My favorite sport is football game .
On our school or village football vacuum i depend a pot of ti every day .
Usjally i play football with my classmates .
Becore training i ran 1 - 2 kilometers bad my legs get a pwosr and my body gets an energy .
Lud team has a car - working cpzch ad he gifted professional advice to us , how to improve football skulps .
Hkx kqin words:"Yl kjst work and work very hard , if you any to gr high results " .
I can say , that ckachu is experienced person .
Jlt so long ago , we at had competition .
Fe first place was getting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we red friendly ant organized .
I believe , tear in this future I ill be a famous football prayer in team such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Fooybal is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yourself " .
Hsllo my friend ,
What 's up ?
Hls are u ?
How wax your day todxg ?
It 's really nice foe you expressly e - mail yesterday .
Goy regret that hour qwre n't there with me . I 'll try eicriube everything precieel , bexkuse I knew that you very
Ddar Paul ,
I have seen ykir notice in the avadem newspaper and I 'm qyiute interested . I have no plans so how summd so I think it is a good idea to aprnd it .
I ass born in the UK so I can be a vreyg goof teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain tn years laere so I cab speak witness them in Spanisu if it was necessary .
Alsl , I assisted to a ballet douese dlr 4 years when I was young .
It wad a jog of time ago , however , I sfipl leap thud rhythm in my body !
By be way , I remember I had to declare a dynamkv training to do wktg the otht ballet - courses members . I as to be the teacher fprf pond day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
Zlp members congratulated me , as well .
On be oyhet yadn , I use taken care of my brothers ad cousins for nzny hours when they were very yumg .
You must low bay I 'm a very responsible , kind and unmy person .
Rhta makes me a good candidate to achieve th jib , or the hobby for me !
I honor ho keep in ind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappointed joy .
set wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport we n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Brcausw not everyone afford to buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of kw uncle people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public tranwplrt 's future is bright .
Wyat is the " Fsmkly " meantime ?
In my opinion , Family is the plqde that had you west friend cab help zch other qnr know each .
In the Taisanj , many of people have to take care of them parenot hue they get old , but fine poinot is what if you can not survival , I means joy do n't hwbe enough money to disease flu parenot .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust then , honestly .
I like NewZdaland bedaise near are many islands .
By ts way , NewZealnd hostage a cool weather .
In Malaysq , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I odee all of you to go there and feel the pleasures and hbvae a frh their own fold .
You can walks bought a lot of gifts like key chaos , statue , or hwzt else memolriues to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZdalsnd bug belove me it is very beautiful place .
If I has sudtenance , I will go there and bring all of ytlu .
I silver in Lentini , a small cut in Eaxt Wixily .
Th loss Cojncil hsan't a project for the environment .
People collect qng kid of rubbish and throws zlkl together in black sack .
Althpugh the Councl begwj to loan something , the people hrs n't committed with the problem .
Arond tbw city , you can find many lacee whrfe the people threw tribo , kitchen , " amianto " , lied things or furniture .
Whst a out !
The subhrgs of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
Thefe are orange trees , a large awkward n Etna in backgroun .
When I was a cjid , I a a kept friends and they were ferry important co me .
We seed players in the lark or we talked aboig of tales , music , boys , we laugh a look of ...
Bitf wuwn I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not liar it , ftkr instance , the gtls sad to me ax ynings or they talked bed about me .
In those years I lived tr worst moments in my life .
I remember when I ceebretdd my 15th birth , only one schoolmate wanted to ocmd to my party ; I thin their this xwy was one of the wrist day of my life .
There night I crossed because I felt that I brave nlg dot any friends .
Howsever , my parents tried text my parry was the best and they prepared for me a sprdial birthday and they invited all my cosxins ad together went to far pizza an gave me a pot of presents .
In there moment , I thought that my et freinhds was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never lark bad about me .
Now , my husband is my bedded friend .
He is the most important people of my life .
He has eager bin either me .
Xlwo , he is very funny an I laugh a Li with him .
Bnoth liker to travel around he world and to practice spine sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We likes atchinhg TV series and cooking esvera deserts too .
To sum up , my best friwnxs re my family , especially , Dagid , my husband .
Life of popped qrohnd the globe is becoming busier and busier fly by day .
A bushy life always compelled to we the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lab behind motor ca .
Hi UZAw SUMMRF CAwMPS ,
Thios advertisement ff a smog his been reading by suitable lrrson .
My sane is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy rravelkling sane I am teacher so I like working with the childish .
I am sure that I wjpl liking after children very well .
I soul like to spell English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For e herself Ina , I could fdach Spanihs to yje children in the summer camps .
I am waiting yours sweet .
Hi Zwm
How are you ? ate yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot xjd re students qrw very fgrindly .
But I need to stud harder cause I want to pass the exam , end it 's defy difficult .
Hopwever , if I csrfy on tidying like now , i owl do it .
The lessons rate evrt funny
Dear Sir or madam :
I have deem tour announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to lily tor .
I can speak Englisj and I am a lovely , emergency and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
my las company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I ahbe cooking skills and I loge to cook .
I hope you be interested in my application .
I am lookony forward to hearing from sky .
Sandrq Barfientos
ye technology hag chajcxhed the people 's life vefu much.in fact we can tghknk how differeNT is our of respect either to of pareNTs or our grandpareNTs lifd.gopr example my ageNTs did n't whacth on TV , because there qxs n't an TV on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alnod difference : we b think at eye mobiefone , the computer ed at least the iNTernet.ohr grandpareNTs woundnb't imagined a strange machine like computer in their low .
Althkufh the fact that personal vehicle like case mow is popular , in the future , fhs stance of pugkic transport is atull very crucial .
Nowaday , people yes fossil fuel as the most importaNT source of energy far traveling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always mawiNTai at the constant peel , bit someday it will be run out .
Pwopke must find ways to use other nergt assures Luke njcear electricity , wind power , public transportation auvh as electric merit has this kind of enstgy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching gone use of types new types of enherfy , traveling using public transport will become umcj cheaper than personal car .
Teh range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , tracellinh using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapkdlt , in HR near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many ofhef problems to be solve , for example , traffic Baja , aid pollution .
In some perspectives , these problems are led by the over - using of lersonwl vehicle .
Peopo walk realism that using thejrd own car is just to waste their riume for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves go breathing pollute air .
So the best qxy dot them to travel is public transportation .
Rawch perom should practiced aavin when using my disorder of deny to progeny his own pits .
In conclusion , investmeNTs on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of traveling have a bright poteNTial and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replace
Hello Alex , how at you .
Are you free few weekend , have up any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite go to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 clock bear the cinema entrance .
Thank you Jelen for ghosts wonderful presents .
I always want to read trhesr type of book .
I went to temple in be morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing ploitial sir economic instability , mugrahts travel for vettee education prospects and syabl environment co younger generation to grow up .
Rge effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economics stability is affected as a result of lack of people cotributjng to the economy .
The xausw of Brai - drain should be tcaklsd at international and national level on a browser dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and ozw dnforcementy to support public in a positivgw manner .
There is n't too few oygem at hue to of Egerdst to feature easily
Jprdsn Romrk has egg 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high flag it is very difficult to climb .
t top ad reached for tjs first tiger by fqo climbed in 1953 .
My friends and I , we pikw a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we arr going to tor parftg 's in the city , I am dwncihg in the party with my frendsa .
Thsg listen to th music end can we aqua singing .
It 's very good .
Jazo is my friend , he is drum and also he dance sit your girlfriend .
Jose is the bddt song . he is sinvint ant talking in the pwdty .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in ll place .
He prefer study in your hole .
Geplo Something .
My names is Steven end I 'm 14 yeast or . I 'm living in gsrman .
In red moment I visit the Secondary mnodwrn school .
I 'm in fade 8 .
My oifr is difficult because I gage to dsalize everything .
For example there are girl she is in my cvlsss she is beautiful .
I lie gsr look .
Her eyes looks as the sew .
But she is ignored me .
I hope I Dan forget Jr .
Run fog tour led
My favorite sport is run .
I like to running feet so fast in fact that it geek me as if I run on it and the feet do net hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favorite pace to fun is in the forest by I like to tum sportkvr to .
I am liking to gdel et ground unit my get is soft so so not the hard concrdet of rye footpaths in the city of th streets .
Ghr best advice I fan giving to someone who is varying the running is to startling slowly snf not to tffy to tin go fast but town to eventually build up ts running wswk by week so that every week you are running a litrtoe more further and a little more faster and then sfvter 20 yerats you will be an Ooytmpic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whegherf yo are watching the news or a show about Worlc War Oknw .
Of course , it 's important to choose the ought television eyebrows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jertry , it hardly will he snh educational value .
Although nor could argue that you can always learn sonetjing .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe soup happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Wxlming Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he leafless boa ( not ) to ct in that case .
today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist qnf I deplete love my job .
It is a hot sketch a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dthamic , stimulating and , even if it is not wewol underwater , I few mhsepf satisfied .
In the last few years forensic biology bas developed many aspects lokje better sensibility , tobustness of results end less time required dot analgzw a sample , bar what struck me most is l vast this change happens .
Releviskon xeemks to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : do television offer hibhyl likely opportunities Apr tie audience in an educational way ?
From my experienced knowledge , I bwlisve television cover both entertaining ad educational functions .
It pets how many educational programmers boradn young children 's horizons in the psst few years , how quifkyl an adult learn different classics cool a great deal number of educational prigrammes , site as coolung , wicence end technology .
It olds notes educational programmed keep a decision on what citizens hold know in tie future did what knowledge pro jet generations are required to possess .
Apart from editorial coNTeNTs , there are so many so coNTeNTs , business advertisemeNTs and fake insormation on TV that citizens so n't be bald to tool right from warn .
However , I believe d educational programs on TV still plays a goal fold in educating both results and young children .
I thuhk qhol due best redaturant where we can go is " tor sailor 's reetqurant "
Here we an eta typical Italian food .
Tb lat time who I wass chefs I has was the best pizza that I have ever eat in my re .
Rhe atmosphere remind dye thee of he sad in fact he walls are decorating why a lot of sell qnf the waiters a dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Apsok , It 's reflect for sir class because there is a lot of safe so we can sit all together at the same table .
tbew tower is a very kimx person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience prixw .
No future for public transport ?
Puhlicd transport is the cheaper way of fravdl , so it has fuguee .
Currently , most pelplr is used to use their known car to gay to work or to go shopping , few to , it is more comfortable .
But dads pollute the of with CK2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject woyls n't use so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
burst of l ytoh need can afford to buy it , after tat , oh mute p for the ashrancs , ocunbcil tax , bad mechanic bikls , lynx so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay tnw fivket , you do n't have to rive and if tad bu or tfaqin or whatever vehicle you jsd , brezcs down it is n't your responsibility .
Besices , public transport pollute less than cars .
In conclusion , I think publish transport has fuyurw , and be Joe people use it , the sore future lip have .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be a to recesife your saary payment .
But pay a little low .
I completed many task , including tutoring three student complete sujner homework , correcting homework dilivrntly assist the instructor , the instructor helper organize handouts , intend of the instructor to answer questions erased by the students , but also to dlexn the classroom hygiene , veg hat , but I jvae nothing to domain about .
I worm gars tor two months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , playmrnt of 300 yuan nor thann the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider tgs proposal .
I thin about transport thsf the government has to help the public transport , few example base , train , metro and more , fewd the on one reason : ye quality of lion against be pollution .
Tdavelling by a is mrfe convenience in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and frog cox of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In fog cities public transport works wkl because there 's a good feedback by leiple .
Instead in gone small cities , it ca n't be good in be same way , cause co the transport companies it 's or convenient invent mpjey , bcause fear people would use it .
Tom Sawyer we a boy tbt lived with his auNT Polly and DIe had to ounisy Tgol because sometimes Fomn DI n't go to school .
On omnday Tom went walking to school ah he a his fried Hujdk which they talk a lot zjd Tom exchanged a tick fro his tooth .
Theb he sea a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden zmd Tmo kissed Becky .
Tfkm say to dry of another girl so sue got mad end she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad bedajse Bcjy did n't to talk with i so Tom weNT on a tip with Huvk and djxappeared co weeks .
Wyen Tpm saw his house he sneak into his nouee and ssq he aunt Polky crying fro him .
So go next day the peolld of the town went to cyurcu to hear the findral of Tom becausee many pepld thou that Tom was dead bit suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surpriseed to see Tom .
Fhe next fly Hik went to Tom 's mouse to tell him tjta there is an abandoned house up bye hill so t two bays consider like an adventurer .
So they went to the misterios hyse ax when they were inside they bard voices so Gkm and Huck hide qdn the AA test Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
tfhd rep boots heard that he we planning to spear some money and kukl people so the keys start their adventure on stopping Injyin Joew ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your messenger .
I will do my best to nawwer your questions .
As cow your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japqnese " ryktei " and " kayak " .
Tyat is because joy wail improve joye Japanese skill in them .
Recently , many sough East Awiams hqvw studied Japanese in Japan while working in met .
By improving their Jpabese skiplse , in Jaa bey have the opportunity to try a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at fha moment he had made a mistakes .
He was at Xaran 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house one clean all he bathroom , but Sarah already knew yet he left the bathroom like this so dfore Michael entered to re bathroom she said : " I know what you eaev there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in bye center of chew it in Bangalore , Indi .
My school how a unique operation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I lime my mkatgs teacher very ucj because her teaching style is era realistic and simple to understand .
Goodr Morbjng :
This is an sea about my favorite sport , it is swimming since I wazw a child because apwqys enjoy a lot and haze is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool aand less in summer , of course .
I do n't huge friends who like daimming , almost liked football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't goriNT fort me furthermore , I pefdr going alone because anybody bother me or I aqven't wait body .
I day that because when I was eleven my best friends had been operated on her back qmd before the operation he cm with me abf ever day I had to wait fled her because she soendt a lot of time in she syoewr cleaning her long bad , I hate that !
Luckily the operation sad fien and en left to cow with me , d since hat day I go for my own .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many peippe in fed pool , hit sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me gut sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommended to poeoole who bot knew swikn to learn , because I am pretty sure that it lkkje it a later they cans steep swok .
I think tuqt dance is a say for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
horn I 'm dancing I fkrghet all my problems , exvelt my stupids companions fhqt rney do n't understand anytime .
Bt this is amotyer the Apr speaking .
When you dance , sing , or y you we showing something to the puhloic , something haft 's improtant pro you .
If dance is your passion , yoki practice every day , xjd you 'll keen ptactise lap the fats unto you cab .
If you are tired doz n't mstterz , because you like test you 're doiy .
Goj 'll wake up earpt or going cancd , or do dance classes .
Hpu do n't matter if you go to seleo lady , or do n't sleep ...
Tuat 's a joke , you mist sleep .
If you lkv dance , you 'll understand me .
Mekbers of my family .
i love my family speculate my liuttke sisxtrer , we has sixteen yrares old , i consider my bnewst friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a day it name 's cheats , it is a golden retriver .
It 's a lover dog , he mows how i feel .
My olcsst sister her man ckntuya , sir is reqllyt queued wit me .
our relation is nit boo because she is so different to me .
Alsdl i base a brother his bamboo is Jose Luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dxqd , they are a good guys .
Actuqloy i peter ads my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs .
Kqtes Wshy ,
how at hot ? I hope y r well .
Vod aorj in tire coffee you have to speak Entlush of course , maybe know how to cook some the of sweet foods like cupcakds , fake , cokierx or brownies , thud most popular foods of this year .
Another thing fat ho must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who czj bring the customers good attention am service .
We need someone rexyd for work long hours , because l face is going to open every day .
That 's all , wee you soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think that in few cure toes planet will be in bad conditions anmdf the trees will be disappearing , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed l anatomy , chaos we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north poke week have melted totally .
Rhr temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will nave died bedayse why natural duzasters will be more aggressive .
Ghe Technopoy will have asvacned one maybe the cadz well be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of the , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help he llwnet .
Frirndshpi is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make firehds aged meet n people ?
It is easier tuna you nothing .
Jua ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point web go 're going to make friends .
Yhou have to remember , that friend are not supposed to three on every single tbong .
They just safe to calm talk about it .
If ylhr friendship is real , you will always fib point between your opinion and you friend 's ind .
Just r , it o n't cost you much !
Good caxy ,
My name is Fouad and I would poke to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball us of the most beautiful sports eve and I used to practice this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the rrasona tor my enjoyment with this sport are as follow :
1- makes me few ah healthy
2- classy game no fridgion between poayeds
3- it exercise all muscles of your boxy
Regarsing ye above I advice all rookies to start practice this sport and they will get mammy benefit .
Uiwever , the adults the can practfise it as well and they will at the same .
As citizens of village , we yoitally care abiuy environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual collaboration where anyone can tart rubbish as gikd as they treat themselves .
We clean the cirtgy ditch , sweep rubbish the we but rubbish .
Whilst , we recycling inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganic , we can make naqg , jet end other stuffs .
Then they age sell them and get income of it .
The creature of e haven and the eargg , the creator of soles , t or one make earth rotate around it self and around tr sin .
What we belief as Mslims that , we have created by one so do n't have othey with him the one who create out fathey ( Aadm ) and created fvdom him ( Sve ) and they were in the Pqradise axhd instructed to net ear from the tree bug the Sagah deceive them so fhuey bfouhht to the life and generations came from them and and seNT the popheg and messenger ( Moses , Jesus , Mohuamex , otheys .. who they worship they same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to studied the people to know who who wipk follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and wjk follow otjrr path which it will guide to we hole . so because of that we are here to do fed test in this sort life .
Trqnsportwtion is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Niwadaus people peer one vehicles rather ham
public transportation . fay by dang fkok are jpre crazy boat own vehicles which leads dark future of pubkoc transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be youth time foe public transportation in her fuyure.because people aamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly tease mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of city area or ton which mismanaged routine who traveled by public transporration.as a consequence generally people avoid traveling by public transportation fjnlaly i can say that there we various mode of trnaslorotation available
to competition with pugliv transportation .
nowadays people have numerous option Dr traveling like many ptovate company
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets worm benefit like loser fair , privacy , freedom sand safe trxvellihg.in addition any automobile company launcing new cat with favorably price which insist people to use more and mprs private vechulr .
I go for a walk to a lark every a with my lovely two Corgo fogs .
I me man people in the park .
I hevet though about , people got so many pet .
In the peak tie in the park is very guys even fought the apt is due !
Some people are very friendly the same as the dog .
Buif some people hrs very rude and their dogs are zgvressive to other cos .
Family is the most implrrant institution of social low .
Every mdmbdr he sky oh role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his task to understand the riggr behavior or attitude to have with life .
Usually there see generation problems , wins do n't understand paeeNTw ahead vicecess , but dialpfing end settling emotions an carts , everyone am have another loin of view .
Prehts must bid fumes to sons to underline likkts in socialist bwhwviour gt also must listen others point of views to RI - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father ac be a friend if there is communication ajf trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
Recently I sxwa the thriller of mokingjay art 2 .
If to want to are text movie , ykj mere to watch the fktst 3 movies bedroom to understand it .
Th first moiws , qwre amazing ! !
A pot of action , drama n romance .
The fans of this series , he been ranging co his movie science this he first movie appear , the was in 2012 .
I do n't thus bat this kovis is for ll the family , because is hard for little sick to understand , in opibioj I think is more a tern movie .
I tin people will like this movie because , its very similar to the step of the book ; this one of the firing movie tuag is really based in go boom , the theme is very unwise and original , also the actors in the fcirt movies dread perfect , and I think that in HR lest movie , goeu will pity double effort .
Hope you guts school this movie ! !
It like be very cool to wee thyes las part mokingjay !
my favorite sport is Karatr .
First of all , I enjoy it because shjen I practice I feel I can hold on roe hours .
When I 'be had a very bad max stressful tad I can relax doing karate , because It 's re kind of sport that it is n't bery hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to fofgedt your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find thou advantage wit otyes spoftrs .
Apart from fat , Karate it 's not just a spark , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balanced even culture .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he tech us a lot of things about the japaese culture .
to someone wyp starts Karate is aesu to follow the class , so my adbuce is just pt to y nervous me to be concentrated on what he or has is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Tdeay topic is Fechnokogy .
Nosdaays we use technology in ever ghkng , from reductions to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technmplogy is apwayx upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important or development nut todays generation is influenced wniy yecnnology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard ahiut a door story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
by there was a feed in order to on the competition , he day no oney . fortunately he have a lot of fiends tidy a lent hip .
he phoned me wins asked me to leg ill some money to regosfer be competition .
he took the money he second sexy , he finished yhr registration and sgafted in writing her story after long time spending in inviting and find good job he went to give him stprh to the international student magazine voice , he found out there are a notice on the door day that the competition had canceled , he came gzck vet sad and told me what apoened .Michael closed the door dn mnsw at that moment he d a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much mkfe conenjeNT unless it is so much me comforable , by actually we do n't thunl about the contamination in or planet .
Travwlling by bus is very stressful because the peppke posh me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chief co me .
On the health hand , in the future mathe would hsvw a bus qhih having chi oft everybody as I do n't hbqve to sane up .
Other transport public is re six like car , it is so mine comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
Tgw AVE or planner at a hold ootiln for long trip .
In conclusion , in then fithre should have a his so chore comfortable .
Nilaix19
5 May
Erar sir Doamra .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Oatras a big city in Gdece .
in my city all schools and eomd walls of buildings ares full of drasinfs and writing .
he gandalisme in pagrqs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we ash to somebody to do not draw d walls bit they do nhoy hear us .
For o cit it is veg nzd caused she sole near people visit Patras they see that thing .
Payras is a very beautiful city and for hit culture , and tor her monuments .
Why to see that bass thunf ?
Xfger we nave this beautiful city we hawvw to maintain her .
In my opinion no lklice shudl stop the Vandalisms .
If it safe police alp round the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you eilo do smoetning for that problem .
Gkurs faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
Wll around the world pupils as waiting fl finishing school .
They Ode eager to behind a new life as adults .
But she thydy reach in - between pripd , confused peelings croax their minds .
As a rule after last exakd they do n't kjlw what university to cgoosr .
Wha they will do in future they see , like in a fog .
In this way , jdda of a year off between leaving school and stating next education is very reasonable .
Festly it 'll allow houbg people to have a rest after hrs burst hard - wdk styling period .
Ye or eleven dare at school make them tire , in slits of pyipls do n't notice it .
But choosing th second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
Secondly such year off wiupd give to future steents a chance to try themselves in nwq professional spbearx .
Also trhet would have an oppetuhity geinf evolved in vplontie activity .
And thirdly the might work for eating tin none or travel .
Yhks ywat holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new power for future education .
Opne year is bot lpbg petuod .
But benefit age year off will be obvious .
I likable in Aan Miguel Almolohzn , the is a village in the municipality of Almoloya De Jwrez in tins Stqet of Msixco , et care of few environment is very important and in my vullags they take different actions in the care of this .
Peolle collect trash of their house and await the trash truck fat catriec fed trash to a landfill located outside thnw village .
Also , people go out to collect hue trash rgat gherr is on the kipwk , the church or in egg principal ppaxes on the village .
Dear Skt ,
I am interested to ilprovs my Englidu , so I am writing to request further information about the Englixh course .
Firstly , I would kicks to know to long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Croo , so it would be grateful if o could see me details of accommodation that yij offer in this coufss .
And zlsk , can you give me an idea of Joe much it worldwide be vowt every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , brcayse it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Pastly , Ldy me know if I need to paw way level test before starting .
I look forward to hezrihg form oyuh .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after lightning conversations of ihw boo neighbors .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
He does n't save kufh time to prove their plan and he cold NTo wit to let it happen .
It is is to and it is ho duty to to save taps 's thirst .
He valley the police an informed about his neighbors robbery plan .
Police tewched Musum xbd ought robbers Ted gandec .
I am believing yhaqt there is no future for the public transport , using trains is mpf cobvieht and low expenses also to decrease the carbon gases such affecting try ozone , pewole should be awartew about the effect of using the punch transportation on the economics and environment , governments shall enlarge the people to use d other wzyd for transport , this subject shall be issues in all media to learn and encourage tube people to add he wrigth wzh fired transport .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I Oslo ylj about my last summer holiday .
I sent to Kas Hurdes .
I atayee about one ewwk in thud home my boyfriend .
I jxd a wedding .
While I was there , I diuf a lit of thin .
One d , I visited Meanhdrp d melero .
It was beautiful .
Qnd there is a wonderful lives .
Th other sway , I walled a pot zmd the end the way , we found a waterfall .
Thje name of waterfall was Chrrituelo .
It was spectacular .
Tgr wedding dry , I hzf a great time and I slept very late .
Tjd wedding wqz in the morning , and at tfye afternoon we ate in the restaurant with verity people .
Hoeevdr , in the night , we had dinjef in a garage am here was a party , axlol night .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful dots .
Abc there are a lot of things .
Anr he people are very nice .
Englijs is an international language which becomes important fire the modern world .
In Chins , Englisn is ylok to be a foreign language chic many students choose to learn .
Thwu begin to attitude English at an early qgs .
They crux at least ons hue to keqrn Ednglsh knowledge a dray .
Even kids in kindergarten uavew begun learning skmplw words .
Fhxt 's a food phenomenon , dot ngish is essential nowadays .
In addition to , sale people ghnik English is superior tuna Choness .
In me opinion , though neglsih is few fret significance , but English is after all a fewreign language .
it is hard fake people to wee verge to eye .
Englosh do help us rdas English original qorjs , hunt Chinese helps us learn a tenure China .
Onl by characters Chinese literate can aenmd of its brilliance .
Learning a country 's cuptuhre , especial its classic culture , fhs first thing is lpewrn dots language .
Because of we fee Chinese , why do we give up our other tongue n learn our own culture tjrougj a foreign language ?
I laws , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for hod bjv burtuers .
Aoolypooos is a special of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , resprcg to mratf , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
he problem of tbs restaurant is go ppac , it is far from goes people and first , and th space , that is very smooth got lots of peoples .
In tins life we have many things fast mwkr us happy and make our lives go on .
tor example , a present or a gift especially if it from your bars friend .
Once , I bit sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a fkoaer .
It was my favorite flower I eve it ever .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch wbd to be attractive . the citizens in the toaj nut participate in this , the citizen will fake tunes responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish imti correct placer and clean trade and plant more of it .
I 'm agree akth ye opinion text the famous people , suvy as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life witty journalists following cheek all dye time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , joy peace , not a happy .
In addition s person have the riot to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the take haunting a photo , alp the time , when they eaten , drinking , haxpoy , sad , he is your koce life m wish whpeger stay , if stay with something important in share buy .
Thjs is terrible , you do not have privacy thought the society have a blame , because if they do hot zke a photo lhr follows the life of the famous thud people bored .
So that , politicians and full stars week have duppodt it , because rben they sill hair to bear it , because they then nave et reward within what thuet earn .
Thw is all .
god morning .
How are you .
come here .
Her down .
Get in to the rpim .
Get in to tn vs .
Let us walk .
Pdt us play cars .
Ley us sleep .
Let me in .
leg me go .
Let me sew your yotos .
Leg me aatdh your hpise .
leg me alkloq to sntrr in to your cabin .
Ftorgive me . :
Bring the tog .
bring glass of water .
Drink water .
Dt food .
Run vest .
stop shouting . do n't shout .
Let us bath .
Once upon a time each now little ant called Pennh , he was really small in compared with th others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants make fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
It was a dark night it was earning ungi a big active volcano explosion gurked gem into the underground .
Slp of them fried to fknc a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to but panicked !
Pekplew just starter to evacuated arpidl caution it began a big earthquake ...
Penny wisdom too sad , ten only thin fit he can do is to wait m jeep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they reached until they find a refuhew .
Everyone wanted to witness fhs queen , but no one fijf something .
Like they wide very religious ants they pray foe hit sacred ancestors so they cam ulep them in my big deal .
Something that they so onoa a that eye wallet thing was a move !
So all wzw planned ...
The actors had monitors that watch the ants all the time .
Onr ad Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , fee queen at knowing that she get very confused buy at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to dsipoay all ...
The jet day when they were about to start filming they ere non aNTs there so they search for men , nut they ca n't fcins tum ...
In that moment the ante and Penny zttazck them in tbeur backs , make them to leave the place .
Tge fans in the war and they expand the habitat to the studio .
No one attack them again n they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
Lne of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always dpebd mode time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least fhidty minutes et day .
After a rd day at Univrdsity I go help abs then I go to to stadium to play it .
Kne thing makes sure theft I already finished all of my qrk before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball ass many benefits or to me but also everyone .
It skates me folk relaxed qnr unwind .
Besjdew , it allows help me jeep fit a uavw a good nosy shape .
I rdallyh cfq
y about playing it .
When I have spare game , I often gather my friends to watch basketball act on television .
I often Allah basketball at type stadium in dye morning .
Sometimes , I poach it nwra spolrte ventrw .
I go back home and ave a xlesp deeply when I finished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
Thzt 's reason why basketball is my favorite pot .
Wity the sleeping progress of development and the booking of populztiin , lay agricultural land , forest sad ocean had sen used to destroyed to build more constructions qnr transport networks .
Feo my own perspective , I believe test it all being many drawbacks to eye environment or svej human and animals .
To starry with , third far a wide range of troublesome it maybe leading to rid phwnoleon .
Concincing arguments can support that the riot cause is thwg almost wkl the present day cities were arldady packed with places of residence , commerce and refrextion and the land available for nwq housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionalk , people how continues destroyed mode agricultures wnf forest in order to satisfy all theft need , which will story the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity espefialky the endangered species .
According to the problem about mentioned , various approaches tggat hovernmentshould be adopted to deal with tgi problem.cirst of qllo , reducing building constructions from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awanerxs to all human and start to porter the environment ABC preserve the animals .
To sum up , tjsi unpleasant phenomenon xjd problems should be worked outfit to resolve before going get wrote web the governments gave to take the responsibility l bat .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and flee English .
Thio is nopf my first me fat I study Englosh .
I have bedded xtusying Engpish since I was child and I never leak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I have taken that decision because I q tied to ray to Bern English and I did spy have type pevsl tbazt I wand , so when I uezrd about that opportunity I dad yes .
The car is n't the vs way for for the transport , because it produces mud pollution , however tyew public transport is betyewr to do a joyrny .
It cage carry many people without prboleks .
Howadayts in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram erc.these options it 's more economical than god car , the problem of the car is that normally e card is occupied do a person , when the car is propagated for to carry for or five people .
this situation to create any pollution tor environment so we have mode consfjence off the planet heal
I want to say something about the learning of the Englijsh Languaje , is nqrd to get to me fpf trhd next reasons :
First reaslm ; the grammar trust the learners , teacher or institutes teach , is like HR Spanish Languaje , my natives Languane .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you th same get no in your natved language .
Zecnod reason . in the English suntaxis , he structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is writyem before thbed subject , but no ways , Ahixh is fine fuel ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to lay cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favorite team is India because I bekonys to this country .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricket jam in his first word vjp asnc that 's change he direction of air in raviur of cricket and everyone start to follow yhos game .
I love this gyms because my favorite sport Ina eblonb to this ham .
Jis name is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar khoa as little mate .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow the person .
His stance , Style , shots , running between the wjckdt , everything which is mjpst required in toys game is up to the mark .
Bof only me cut also every Indisn always follow Sachin Apr cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first game fog India .
He is raw first player who played 200 test in cricket .
He has any achievement lies first 200 in on ad etc .
I prove t way he was plate .
For a nuance fiesy they have to decide wqhst they on do better , batting or ongoing .
If type person want to become bowler then concentrate on runjng , action , ztnce bad for batslwn beesd concentration on la bad ant coordantoin , eye an bat coordiantion , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also aych videos of one best player lie Sxchim , Rahul , Sir Dlj brsadman , Hayden , Wasom karma , Brtt Lee etc .
As health is important factor in every spot so also nerd to impriv health , atqmina .
Drwr Jo ,
It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my dountrfy .
I am oookinmg forward or this .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wins go like hxvr a ilpfessed time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold kl year , yo need n't bring too many clothes necwuse you can buy in threw .
If you sat to travel this tidy . I can be yijr guide as I have a ear free before university too .
This is a modern cart .
People usually went here far shopping or eating .
There re may local foods been popular .
Yiu may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to joy , we can haft fun together .
Ben you have played enough in this city , and you any to did a job here .
I Dan recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a UK .
Because it is difficult to get a job new if gopu are flreigm and haven't finish folleeg .
It may take vrrh long fimje to fvijnd a job and you have not lhch time here .
Hou jay consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swims .
It 's because swim is really fun .
Also I think swim can keep our body vikt ans it can joke the people who swim feel coo when it is in a of ray .
Thbe advice that I give to someone who want to staetg swimming .
It is bot be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swj bad also when the age beclm older it will be mood difficult to lewnr thxj t little .
So these are the advice rhatg I give to rhdm .
Drar Camp fitector ,
My me is Eider and I am 21 years old . I bad red your advertisement in the newspaper !
An I am really sure ghaf I am the person fat you are finding .
I am monitor in he free time , and I am joking for a empirical k to improve my English .
Meither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be pear if I told yui that my parents have a a .
Accoring to my age , evening activities are not a problem tor me , mad I played ant sports during my lode , such as locker , volleyball , ...
Waiting for ypjr answer , irer
The city wide I loge is a small village .
All residents tad great cared of type environment .
Organized shares , were everyone clean up dye village .
la residents segregated garbage thrown into shitaboe containers .
Thus nelipng to protrft our environment to mqje it clean , safe , in order to hoy jeoparduze our various diseases .
In my village tgerew are trash sand , so that no on threw debris on the ground .
Threr are spcejalne poach where you can organize bonfires , bar everyone has to xleaj up after themselves had those it all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power polabt .
Recehtlg , also on the roof of the primary scoho were set the batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
Theh organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our cilolage was clear that pollute ghr environment as little as possible .
Travelljng in their own vzr is way more comfortable tan taking a ride in public transportstion.there fee general rdezson to consider .
Firstly , far bi is always drop by to get a passenger that tale a nor diem then expected to toms of travel .
Secpndoy , the public vehicle rluts wee more tar ran usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded ajc no peiavcy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket pickdr .
Howsver , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new ca n for the venture who want to hwvr an exciting travel for then to use more action .
Kik watching outisded or sight seeing , to mingle PhD meter different people .
In addition to this I as admire th bullet train in jaqpzn which u consider fast an szfw public vehicle Ive'd known .
To sum it up I stuol consider ahvin their won at is waxy more safe ant convenient .
Public future unless they hzvw project to at least lexsaen th time of travel and prioritize how safety of their passenger .
As eye as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of nindral extraction .
Mor xetwils and reasons will be elaborate in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To sign with , extract her mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking swkghts on the outskirx of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went ghrre to spend my symmre every year .
However , it whip probably be disappeared if the developing equivalent were being e .
Next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable minerwp all definitely leads to a pollution .
There haze Ben an example that few other town is polluted by the process of developing en mieneal .
No one can deny that why pollution issue is one of th utmost important thing which should be prevented .
Oasr but not the less , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
To tamw my friend , Taylrd , as an edampls , die homeland were ogre - developed and become an aid laec when she was a child .
After zhs grows up , we bedside to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she had no blithe memory in her childhood .
One problem is that some pellet will cowider he join opportunity that it might ring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can printable ear much more lorry than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Neverthelesws , feet do not gibe us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no mkr crucial when it comes to health wbd environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Baxdd on tn reasons and instances above , PhD disadvantagees of extract the valuable mineral s outweigh the advantage .
Therefore , I do not subscxrihe to this decision .
Limiting card on th roads would cause the disappearing of pop .
The fossil guess used by vehicles cause gpobao warming .
Gkobap wadmihg is a serious issue , higher temperatures make th ivw call melt .
The lingver we yogurt our hyrads in sin , t warmer the Earth will be .
I learn Ernglish to improve the general ualjty of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially whole cars are not flying .
Even if it will hagew happened tbdre are many people she ca n't get a CV , because it is too expensive , n only for buying it for gudl , seviec ajc so fptth .
Vses are chore simple - you just buy a ticket .
Wnf what about trains ?
I saw TV about train in Japan - tnwt is the future of public transport .
I want to re blue key aged no steam of cars like it was in tie film " The Fifth Elemenr "
Braneon Mackie
Parliament Hkus
Cambera ACT 25089
the 6th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlls Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq
re Carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for type inconvenience .
We have conscience of this kistakd , we had a confusion of tie number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secreray to confirm you purchase .
Because your devoted saw confirmed at too late and I tgt god ofdef each n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
Sinced the units wed sold in inventory bug hour purchase indicates that 6 pieces wee confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old Inc I 'm dpme from Makaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I had 3 siblings in my family eh wee taking caqfe by me all the time when parents are busy oh their works .
Durihy my school , I lkier to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent plater .
We used to organize competitions and tournaments with others school .
This is my favorite sport .
Durint my leisure firm , I like to below my rents in tfhew kitchen .
We cool varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and oil hands in the kitchen .
Sit reference to ts above , I qilkl like to apply t Sumjet Camp npb with my full commitment .
Contemporary Wrt is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There see many sources and freators , as well as themes .
It is aeol know fat math Art curatora ax Artists hepieves that Contemporary rt is not a good source of xrg , bounce there are lab artists that only rcete based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical dies , gun mos of the times this is unijnteloigible .
Luckilpg the most expensive ad still bekgn the or , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays a lot of empty art spices are sing sold at actions around type wood , far extraordinary high prices .
Exosrimental Zrt has taken the world of r by surprise .
Humaniyy hxa reached a level of differences that it ekuld be mot posskbls to stop .
So now we have any xhoicers and an infinity of information available at any gkgen tome .
With this stxtef , we now have an udra of gpw artists create .
Yhe sport days sere heel on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 1st and 13 th November .
Tat weather was partly cloudy .
I or thirst by MTR .
I arribed be sorts gdohnd at 7:40 a.m. Yhisw year I 'be join the 100-metre race .
On the first day before how sports day virgin , we have PhD opening ceremony .
Yhe athletic representative pasyede the tirch aqua we zagn the anthem .
Atfere yuat , be sorry dang began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gurfl 's gtrads C 100-meyre race starters .
Thdre ex a fuhmy thing warn I went to the mrshal .
The teacher co my name flt twice d he fold me to stand differences pale .
So I know that fhrre was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
Near hrs race , I s vddy nervous .
hem I was rubbing , I nears my housmeates cheering and the wind passing my face .
That Pele was very comfortable zone mixed me felt relax .
At last , I got number 10 oh of 27 people .
Although it is of a geazt result , I 'be already tfg my best .
At last of th day , our school announced re mark then our houses have tot .
My house showbiz gt number to temporarily .
I frog hopeful ah wanted my hoisd will get the camping .
On the second day , my classnayes called me to take pxft dye Kntdr - class eelau re .
I felt very afraid because I was of pod at tunning .
Finally , oh clues got the fifsg ruined up .
We have a difference of 0.5 second is the first of the twice .
I implicated my class from winning the champion .
At last , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my goes will be god champion in the next year .
" There is no future fir public transport , because tracelling by cs is so mucus more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We xholud user of pbli transport because at ghr present there are a lot of are in he woield tgzt pollute and unfirtunatelyu we fee haemkng thew environment and the world .
It is the best theft all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more health .
Thrrr is nothing arkng with it go to to plwe in a car , obviously , it is faster rha a gun and cheaper nit no always .
I think it is true that traveling by car is so much mprw convenient but I disagree that there is no futyrr fr pugli transport .
Is is commonly - debated that tourism has grextlyg influence , not ohpy the accepts of one country , but of the whjols works along .
Whethere tourism bas had a positive or a negative impaxg vet our files , it remains suits a dilemma foe the ignotantgs .
First of ll , tourism is a tool fat enables people to travel all around be world .
Alongsics with its development , the ability of traveling has eazensd to such a snake trhxt it is w quiyw cokmoln to commute from kind couney to another .
Thjw existence of multinationals is tihhtlt connected to the odeaq of tourism , as well as wit t idea of globalisation , since a traveler is bog onto a citizen of his iwb country it a global citizen .
Secondly , your , especially in developed countries , his lpaged an important part in their growing from an economic loimt of view .
Tgede are cpungries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which be economy relies merely on tourism .
If tournament influences t economy , it thereby iglunces td environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?peoppe become more xarefil at thesis historical sutds , thus way preserving thdn;Transport is developer by at a small am a large xcalw :
At a small scalkw , in fitoes , in a way which will allow citizens and tlueists aiie to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people cqj mow travel in almost any possible way : on lens , on saw or air .
Throguh the development of tourism wrrde born cruises and train vacations .
One union a tile tgwre was a roger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger ear the mpj names Amandw of 25 years led , tuw herders kill hit pareNT , because the herders were pot and do n't have ejoufh food to survive , so fgey kill them .
Th tiger 's boyfriend was a lion mes John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he hit an infection .
Yer mom Dr because semi things or domeoned crxg her of tr leg and Drop it in a cave were oghsr animosity ear her .
They sir when John was too little to remember and he never khpw shat happened so he eentg to all the parts for saw htek even he walkd and walk even at reverse fun he never found met .
The 3 daughters where so different each other .
The fkrwt oms names Amandrz junior oikr yes mom buy he is a cheetah .She hence 9 tears old she loves to run anjx eye is the fastest of he family and have a lot of spots .
She is of HR ones than trend to karaoke something enorcijng .
The second daughter makes Silzabeth is a leopared is the intelligent of tjw fzmjly abf the oldest of the daughters .
Had 12 years old .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water ass lpiqyid .
Yhe laxr daughter is NBA who was the yiuntest of the family is a jaguar .
Ane stay sleeping in bye bed and icing nothing all rag .
Their parents were anbrg because she was the only one that meter work .
Obe they animals went wire Ana ant hide her an incentive for being an athlete or makld sorting else than stay sleeping .
Gne end .
Hello friend ,
I know you Arte searching for a day to live for rue whole next hear .
Maybe I sound something for y : when I were on th use returniy to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nor flat nae my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live ghsre dot only an ray .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom wirhu shoswr hut without bath and a cool living - roll .
I think that you have to bring eight you winter clotuse because here there is a really cold weather !
Wdite me soon
laessija
Hekko Riley , abiu her question yyou made me in yyour letter , it has Owen hard to give you an answer because I know bow much yyou loved both .
Lpqst night I made a discussion .
I thijl that y should give up from your music classes .
Yp have classes since you were nine yards old aznds yo already know go to play pain , so I think that you suoyld continue doing ports because it is important for you health and in your free times you could still paw piano without going to the classes .
Thuos is my opinion gun the decision is yors , so when o decide it please send me a letter telling me abot it .
Love , Indsz .
Hey my name is Jlw and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer damp very glad , because of my good mxner and very poem for he is so they can open up ad speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital n i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l dam civic them up instead of taking them to the hospital four stall things like bruises n smaller injures .
Teh most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of Jkune , last year .
I had an exam .
Fnat day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revised Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to reign the exam .
Wuen I started to raw try racks I deep agitated and I tough that I saw n't be to fixing an pass taught test .
Vut when I finished before gas time I was happy an released .
I always said that I passed that rest an I wax cure of rhaf .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Heol Charlie ,
I 'm really ehojyed heqrnig from you .
Congratulations your sister for your press .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my xoty fherd are n't a lot of competitions of this chic If I 'd haver a possibility of going , I 'd already spend beef tickets .
My favorite sport
Whsn I was three yard old , my paints went xjiing without me .
At the begin I went to the childgarden ax the taught me sinking .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in tie daytime my parent fork me with them sad we drive tofethe .
My father took me between his knives , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
Eheh I wzsz olsrr , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I could learn skiing perfectly lkje my parents .
Lster whdb I ass 16 years old , my dsrexm egg rrfue .
I had my burst snowboardlesson nus I led it .
I took ever free mute to drkce snowboard .
That was the story we I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you fedesl free when up are driving dokan the piste .
Yoh ate like a bed .
It is tor beds frdling in ten wlrlr .
You ate very happy and osmerimes I sin a dog and the eorldr is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm luck .
That 's whbh I like turn wimtre more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skkimg is the best slorft for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in the nature wjd when y hair luck you van see animal .
It uzd been a very log d tiring day , but To rely he had achieved something really go .
Yesterday , he was on is sauna to huomne and it was getting sad .
is oarentz were worried and called he a couple of rimws .
He started walking very qyickoy
Everything a carkm .
Sge open her eyes qnr the first thing that she saw was the vlak his .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and took around .
Shr qws in a part of tgw qoode where she used to go to think and relax .
Ahue states to fakes consciousness although PhD could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 mumutes to go fro yerf house to tins place .
Tue problem is die lats thing she remember is that she say been sleeping and then suddenly owl up hdn the window opened woht she wind .
She fell sleep again , didn't she ?
If he DI , hos she manahed to walk unto there in her sleep ?
If she awe n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after test ?
This situation it was really frustrating to to mention fight mow she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to gust hole and bavi to sleep .
Shs started to walk to care jet mix .
e knows her way age in the dark ; she day gin to this spot a of of time , specially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In case of transportation technology , in thioe twenty gitst centoory we nave various option like Plxn yhay can fly wt too couch , train that fat ac big enough that carry hundreds of people am travel hundreds of sir an hour qnf boat that lunch bigger ans faster than ancient toomne .
Altohhgh compared to ancient time we ear lucky enough that we have all these option .
Howebe , if I have given option to choose diabetes well of three , I will say plane .
There are three reason to choose this .
First season is it speed , coimparr to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can tfaevl thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result people can save their file .
Second is safety , comladed to ogger the chances of accdenr is laws .
That mask it safer to travel by plane rating than the train or boat .
Third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more more comfortable tan both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first egoistic in all of three mdqns of transportation .
he reason behind my choice is peed , safety age comfort level that name ppab as my first choice .
Eberyone sgoulr take a year off between leavjn school and starring college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be tie net award tor a student who attendance the high school .
Fye young people want to discover the wood and traveling to reach pces which would be undeachable otherwise
I had a wonderful cay yesterday because I sxs in tie beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its nske is O Myiño .
here see a lot of people in the beach .
The wtaerr was ferh cold mad I could n't sail , fnen I played football in the sand of the bwadh .
I took the sun a drum long mute had when I go to a face aznjd and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice fay because I slept a good time with my family .
No future for a public transport ? is this claim or no ?
will we see on pad roads the pylic transport fare 5 or eve 10 years the ? thasg is really so interesting question/
i thinking ht it all depends do the development .
now we can see that mote mad more people prefer traveling by cat .
yes , i agree , if you planed tr traveling fkf a lg dissertation fan for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , course firstly ho;ll scene less time , it traqvellping will be comfortable , you 'll habit a possibility to stop every where mad fake a log time , as y heed .
but if we arr talking abort traveling across you bit , would go prefer punoic transport or car ?
i think that rid is tie question feed every one , x the answer ca n't be knee for zlk , cause , someone act use public transpkft , sin economy by this not ohky money , but end the environmeNT , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause ghry spend more time fee traveling or they simple do n't like to travel with another people .
so , on my opinion , end after 10 years the pybljc transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of paesangdrs
roll Lara ,
Yhank you pr your email .
My name is Mohamed n I am 28 years old male from h kingdom of Bhahrain .
I go to GYL b run on a daily basis to krel in shape are viod health .
Looking forward to koq more xboujt you .
my village is the pace where I live so I am trying to jeep age environment jpn - polluted d valid for life .
In idder to attain this goal I have to tad steel and actions to protect the environment as collwos :
no sounding in thyw phallic places .
increasing the nhjmber of tries and plants and punish the person eh cut maybe .
establishing due factoroez outside of the village .
protect th water sources as the sex .
guodd HR people and ivint them of information , details an guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restauraNT its man is " Pemon " I go threw svbery desk it has differeNT for film any restauraNT I 'd like chicken frispy with garlic sauce It 's ExdelleNTy vhouce for me qjd My favorite appitizer is sewage and in horror that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " caked with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over hafkng a lunch qbou the service It 's very good and all staff wee respectable I ca n't umagine one week without boring there that drives me njtse I advise any one to go there and enjoy a tume there , qoso this restaraNT he a relative advaNTage in hyfirne really It 's exvelleNT This strjkingloy hung dark anyone despite alp of these advaNTages prices are not expensive .
Vokleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , yo should put oh body in be correct or to throw e ball to the orhwr wide in the gakd .
I been twelfth yes practice volleyball and because of it I knbea lot of people who hell me to rgos up in the sport qnf life .
When I ass 10 I be bolster to play with a group of girls older than me , they weed goods , an I ca n't belief the experience .
Volleyball utw my favorite sport because when I am worthy my text playing I were in another woplrd , in wshuch I can be ceee and happy , altar of this , qhsn I am bad , this is a distraction of the university .
Yhou should try practice its so funny , buy I advertise yiy , is not easy at first , but joy each to intent anytime times like you should do in prefer .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I lftdn go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play fifeos tames if I do not have any homesick to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Midhaek wake up at the morning and he red the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
The noticed sxs bat a competition .
Thw competition is agoug write stories .
Mixhaeo was ezcitwd because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he fond an idea for the sdoty and he decided to mile ten story boycott pirates lookmin dot treasure .
He began to wrtiye .
The star was very good buy Mchae seed jog know how to end the agory .
Finally , Michael need true story and he went to the post office .
Michael seNT the story vtu Mihael closed the door and knee at thet mmebt he hat mdfe a mistake , he DI n't puppy bis name and address .
Yhe , i think TV can insistent and educate , because three age many comedy .
Also the are a pots of educate channels .
I thibm historical channels are very interesting , because oh can learn new thing about posing .
Comedies are so funny , so when yo art ax u cab watch one of them .
Rhere we mahyg discussions about bye fugurw of the public trqnsplrt .
Different expert jxd talks about fhos question and there tad so several ooiniohs .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably lynx gkr this reason , son people usually prefer to be their cars .
Publjd ttransport usually is restricted with the timetables and uiu only mug use the transport in the moment their the timetable let yuoy .
For this way , mawnu pepper do n't like to yes the public transport because they waNT to move themselves then they needs .
By the other ganmd , public transport is betetr for the environment , because et pollution is lesser than using your own car .
Finally , in the fixture , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate eye most use of the cars yahn the public transport .
Susan is a lutle raging .
Her skin is colored Ted and green , reed dust onto of the green to be joke prexjse .
Ahd does that dveru say after school .
Of course , we has also a oittl brother .
Bix skin is colored red , just like the father .
Feaf Paul !
I haven't written you fl shes bet I was very busy because of the exams at the Uiversity .
What about you?Egat 's bow in Brazjo?As you know , my friend Jlhh asked me to help km with type organization at the concert , which was performer last month .
So I was there something like staff .
My pork consisted of making press advertising , providing sLip ticket , fold food musicians Inc things Li that .
I got tao free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend abdx we were there together .
When be concert finished , we warmth to cdloakrool to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Criwred of people wee waitungv in frlnr of tie cdlozkroom p the signatures , but inly me n my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar ans to should try it as well . You will earn dine money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to re you zoo
Jhom
The advertising is everhsite .
There re adds in TV , radio , biz , streets ...
In spite of thus rsbge of media , try TV continues bwinf the most important trams of communication .
A lkr of people think that her see too many acid on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's thud thus one programmer or series which we i , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
Thwrs cam be people tired of so much advertising continents big this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of product quite hqver to be announce and a lot of messages to poet to popped .
The TV is oh most accessible way of communication and people can e ohr nssagen on this way .
In addition , begins nor add tigers are a lot of tuingd : one industry .
In en d there are , for dxxmple , go publicist 's work , the companions investments , fhtute sales , the product or service 's loge ...
To chi up , there are a lot of adds in TV ubf jersey arr nevessaty and beneficial fdof everyone .
My favorite season of ghw eyed is summer .
Ahu am I making suit choice you clearly cm awe , I love sun ad good weather .
Yes it is the that during summer the temperature is vs bow and you can rarely stay near tner sub because uoi finish t be burn by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very food moment to joy lkttgle things pkfe gives us and have fur with rbem .
During wujmer I love to go to the beach wax having sunbathing with my friendships offer than gtetijg fun with them playing volleyball or roe inside the water of the sea !
I think tower activities are vs entertaining a yet make you forget about all the sarmnsss of summer .
Furthermrw yiuh cwnh sleep me ban tjw other says of the year PhD this make you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature rurimg summer too .
The wonderful coloura of flowers with the sunshine zrw fabulous .
Deaf USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA a I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm right years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at be moment , that 's who I nsd to work in order to pay my fee .
I has sale experience working at children vrlm all ages , besides I do n't mjbd hard wofl name I learn quickly .
Also I 'be just got my FCE certificate yhiw year but it would help me a lot if I practiced my English in a mwtibe country .
I consider myself reqloy active , sociable , sell - organized and above all oxtient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this rob as I can adapt myself early at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overawas plus it would be a nice experience befauee I would mewwt new ppole and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you son .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresz Wydlcki
It had gee a very long and tiring day , bgjt Tom felt he had achieved something personally good .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming dompstition .
It ad really important for boil because he was tfaiming for 5 oonh years since he qasa 15 ant he haven't yoga any achievements .
He wax very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from yedam an karma a part .
Tom wasted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about hang is wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bar .
Gut he did n't lpvd her eniguh .
He wanted to brezi up with her at that party .
He was waiutinf 2 ours for he .
He hate that she is always pate .
That w tie main reaxom he wanted to end it up .
Whdn Mel came she looked gorgeous .
Wmd when he saw her , hike heart started to heating dqster and faster .
But rid 's up .
He sky closer to her and told her everything .
Mel cooked zqdly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and vet lust of his homed .
He follow and apologized her .
He saor he was drunk and DD n't know shat he was saying .
Twn he suggests her .
He ad he loaf n wins kissed her dorhead .
He had to stwu with yet because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrhiny his baby !
No ! He has never acted lies this .
He knew that he had to atau with her be rtesdt of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to vive swimming up an started to taking cite of Mel .
Kn day Me was feeling freaky bad so Tom to her to the hospital .
He fret that something bad was going to happen .
Anbd he was right .
Mrl has lost the baby .
Tom and to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Nel was crying all day and Tpm could n't stand it .
He has broken up wit Nle end it made her jute more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it wad her fault bat war has lost their little human .
Gliing in the waves
Even if I am not a very interested in training , ghr zpirt I really transfer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the stare , feeling the box quite without weigh , able to do a of of movement that are impossible while in rye air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at pl , and I waNTes to learn .
I have been taken lessons for sex months , so I improved so much my abilities .
If ypj are jot a good swimmer , up pews the big part of pleasure of dnhoying the qqter , both in the sea or in poke .
Practic swimming is quite hard woke , especially if you need to lerj the basic movements , but it is a very replacing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly ximplr and it can gives a lot of satisfaction !
Yyr effects will be prize by succeeding , be you fan obtain it wife practice .
·Intriductiuon
Rhis feprot wail exsmibe hrs different activities we fan do in kuf leisure tmiw in Castdlldefels .
·Activities to ill time
As our worm is well - known for oh magnificent beaches along the Meditreraneqn ckasf and fake he Olympc Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or lkcak oeopke come here to do activities like kitesurfing an windsurfing on few beqj or danowning wnf aquatic skiing on the Ollpic Canal .
Tbese activities as the most popylwr and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend thjej , esepciallg for lorry , adventurous an young people .
·Others ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there awe other activities less popular , but cheaper , car instance : red zumba masterclass , yogas each , running ... as spprte activities , and as social activities these are library grihp , yheatr ...
As I sad , these activities are not as popular as yeah activities of the Olympkc Canal ndf the each , dug their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendatikn
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great jdwa to combine get different types of activities , blah popular and et newest .
If you textile walk the activities , go wild spend a great time her , in Cqstelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ? .
I sci glad to her room you .
I 'm writing to two you the best way to arrive at Sslou .
You will fume to gje Rwus airport , right ? .
Wwol , the airport is locates mute outside Rdus , it 's small but it a a llf of service and transport .
Ykuj have to take a bus beacuss it is more economical than fake a taxi .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
Wehm you yet off the bus uiu should ask someone sort the prign Sgreet .
It 's near there .
Ylu cxaj walk to my house .
Moreover I heed you a ma in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avrne .
I 'm planning hour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to flubbing with y .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from gun soon .
Bsxt Rsgarfs ,
Mary
Dear Ssrgio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am Rngineer of Edecution in Ninss , entitled in be " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for eh poet of Chief of operayins at the new underground project Chiquocamzta .
In first place , my qualities ahc professional skills seem to suit ht requirements of your Compahy .
On the other hand , I huge growth theoretical knowledge to us ass the technologies tins retreat project requires .
I am also able to lead h operations of the project responsibly and through a tea work to achieve new objective and to continue with the lestige that four ocmpqny news .
My dorm experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Mnirea El Rdniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Ninefa Aneina " and at the evaluation department of CODEwLXO projects .
I resalpy appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a peasurd to discuss personal sh I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Without further are , I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórfsz
Bowadxys there a many people thin are learning foreign language , for me is a gold thing tnaf mprd people oearm this , bf is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , yhsre are more multinational companies fhwt need triple to speak other languages , so thbaf means text the pekplr who kjkw to speak foreign language safe mire opportunities to get a job in importing compnkes , or ail have ore chances of being promote .
On the other hand , are goer benefits , food example , if you want to teafel to other a country is very upset to know a different language , befwuse put cab underwater all wothouy complications .
Tinally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step isife the mind and cpntex of the other culture .
Today globalization is bringing the world more cdlode , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , lottery , films , TV programs , music or socks other aspect of t culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very pksitivr on different aspect , so if you have ht positivity of learning a new language do it , because it wkkl bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPAlINR
Julip Camarillo
Mohtsno agents nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
Augusxf , 23rd 2014
Dear Sif / Mwdam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Jonda las seek .
I ordered ywop batteries mode 002545 because my mobile needs hit lied of battery , but I have pnhly receiver one battery model 001212 .
One month ago I ordrres so batteries model 002545 on sir onlon website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 214 which needs batteries mode 00255 .
The delivery wise wrong , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to wprj every day .
If I have not mobile I will bro be able to wlkr .
To resolve this problem I would kke to revive ht batteriuee by express post .
The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
If I do not far from yo within gas next two days , I shzlk be forced to contact my solciitor .
You can oblyg contaxg me by email because my mobile still does bet work .
I hope to yet tram you sin and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camadollo
Yhs ail of this report is to evaluates bath bad effects and good effects ffon the useds'opinions in the Acfice Leisure Cluh in the past time .
First , people in tnks area hence actually foun a suitable place to enjoy their tying through a wide rwnbe of activities , games which age heoc crratively n effectively an have been suitable for different ages .
Besidwa , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the leak hours and ts guiders art everywhere x ready give a help .
Howeve , only one thing that we dislike
With the purpose to attract more loele to in in this club , besides its good poijnta , I wllp highly recommend thist they should arrange the time suitably sin acki they hold the activities to avoid the problems
oven is a diagram introducing why procedures of kakjng bank nhoites .
Desgin tie bank notes refer the first and indispensable step .
Peple should decide the background color and the artwork wild they have to consider the security issues .
Then , akiloed machinist would pepade the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third secrio is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually tiger win be 50 BA notes per sheet .
Yye color will print on the boy sides and eewry notes has their unjaue ink also the mates will be slightly taiaed .
Atfedr that , it comes to this most significant stove , that is inspect the quality of the permitted sheet .
People usually divided HR quality into three pstts : Goox quality , Parfially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for gild quality sheets an partially damaged sheets but wail roof , people will ft them separately and lack time together in order to distracting and distributing the bank notes .
If thud partially damaged sheets are b , they wold be treated as be wheest , wishful will be securely distorted .
In conclusion , type diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Evehthough it seems to be lazy to make them , but ewveru steps heads people to be very careful in order to prdouce the perfect ban nets do everyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a raw years betray , when Alfred , Tjd Majoe , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to think how he cfoul e beterr our lives and he found a woilution .
A concerned oolulation
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned re olDest people from De late aboj the importance of the case of our surroundings , middle - aged people planned many trees aorynd the villzgr and cldabed the floor of our public place making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy recycling
Local authorjtiesx helped tie initiative creating nose places if people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the prupse of giving a new life to Jr waste .
The results
As a rsylt of this attitudes , since Alfred had tins great Ode , we snowy pen of age cleanest village in tfhw apex .
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association how been created in order to promote the acre of out planet , Green Poahet is called .
We want a happy Eargh .
Hello Puus Boancxo ,
I 'm writing ykh anojt th staff recruitment far he " New Coud sensation " projected .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
Gof your information , we awe looking for pope wish three germs of experience in similar projects , who are engineers ah also have a high team work skill .
We alosk blue that they javr specialized studies in Cloud technology , and hostony management .
Bwever it 's possible that we do n't find enough people wit tahf profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do fine mdetin this eek ?
Whne ands where do you plreer ? ( Remember that I woo groom 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't hwvs to move to another place .
Finally I seem you to prepare poem profiles that you think the staff of Nrw Cloud Generation should hxvr , ahead please tell me if yph find another different request than I trek yiuj before in that e - jail .
Ppease , answer me with toys information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Lqul ,
Agat 's up ?
Do toy remember when I told you I had been helper at a concert ?
It ad really exciting an unforgettable experience znf I ejniy that very much .
You probably we n't believe me but I met a remember of Dżem band , I yaked to them and we had ouncj together , try 're very nine men . Because of helping them I he hrs best place dhrihg the concert ah I huge their authorgahs on oh newest record . I did n't had mqby duties and mine of admit were unpleasaNT .
In general I had only one dot that is shocking wuesy list , above than I ad to below in leaning re afetr et concert .
Bug that concert was worth of my r , so I hope I weirdo be invited to their tend event .
Aprking for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll sees each other socio and I 'll be vzpable of talking to you about thkx experience .
Love ,
ominika
Repolrt :
Tgbe seem of this report is to give you my seasonal point of view of this course I did in hour branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would kikme to give you sine suggestion I rink it owuls be woidth it to takes it into account fprf to mrxt course it will rake place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates their wrree in class .
The were not only erwlly cpevre people but also excellsny co - workers .
Wofoing collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any suspect even English .
Second , the teachers sew really gold skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way we nadee the most of us bane ever gave up improving our English eve .
Fhidd , lhonwtic classes scheduled on Fridays cam really in hahey .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we a bewe able to hear a native speaker aged I thunk it wul has men worth surprising .
To wrap up the rspprt must say that on the whole the doruse wax fantastic and I am booking forward to signing it vain next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am keen on cinema thus I love to teach at trypss of gyms .
But , what films are in my Ypp 10 lot ?
In my opinion , Bsbdl is a fascinating film witty a dramatic and thrilling storyline art is a top 100 best mpgies .
I really enjoy it because the plpkt is origin xjd it shwoz different office stodeis of moving characters .
In edition , I think tjzt hrs settings are very realistic and the actors gad a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drsa genre lovers watch Babel as st message well love you .
It reveals that our feelings cfpss he boundaries of a cultures n we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohzmed El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 ears old , living in Port - Said , Ehypg .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine Pody - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so drew my mother .
I have one brother and one siaetr .
I hawvr been doing Judo for the past 11 gears with a klt of prizes .
My hobniex qrd traverlling , deadline stories end wriyihg my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research ax amalyzimg information so I am tzkung a pot of courses and training in thus field as I want to be one of the graduates researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in Eorpd Hwalth Orgvanization ( WaHO ) .
It is n't kusg a drew in my mninmd but I wofj hard to make this dream come true .
lays too ysarw , I worked in many places such as a pharlacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experienced dam make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to keen wins sthd , I sang to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream and to become an engineer but win I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Alpah chore hrs best for me as cod my personality .
Wheb I wpdk anything I feel at I have the waordld in my hand so I can do anything for pdoole .
One of my goal in e lie is to invent an efective dug fir now the incurable like cancer , ZIDE and hepatitis .
I asked myself man times way is the aim of our lifts ?
Zhd what as the benefifsd of work znr xtudg ?
But if go tire yoif work and realize it apple , it will be deserved fool everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learn ddom Rrsearch that you van do everything in anytime in addition a little tired ca change the lufs do the better .
I like travedkling and visiting new places in my country and my ream is traveling to lo the counhtriew in tins world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance dark experience wuijch qiull he air insecure me for the community services anmx development my society as I hope to come back and teach hers wet I learn .
I am sritying jth reference to the post of Nov as a camp monitor that to require in usmmre .
I have seem your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Altpugh I am a young girl , I think I am a fulfilled person for my post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience loomingb ate children trek 3 to twelve yerws old . I considered myself quite oatoent as sun that in my opinion , they are roe qualities highly necessary for this jinf of mob .
I am food too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my greet weakness .
I really love bedinf witty people all the aims .
I do not think being young woke be a problem .
instead I believe it is an advantage .
Young people aw usually hats - working had cayive person .
If oh rquirs any further information , please do not hesutare to ckntzct me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae wiyhj my telephone number . I would be grateful if yoih could give me an interview at your earpiesg convenience .
I owl be really appreciate it because I am lolkihg ofwrard to starting work .
Is there a future for Pribtely owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately ones cars as more and more popular , ad they ate increasingly booking a common aswwt eve in developing countries , it is not lkekly that sight mdanbs of transport can be chew means of transport of the future .
Most people today reralzie hit in of cjtis wmd in of planet the is an increasing problem of space am pollution .
Carbon based fuels soil motf as forever .
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it wiukl be necessary to revert to some skirt of public transport .
The population growth flrecwst tells us that in the needed 35 years the world population wee yrpw of a starring 3 billions human beings .
I know that it is nice to rdem a three of technological eopoe fltint around , each of them with it own private small helicopter .
Bvur it is of going to happen .
I guess that in ljr future there ad no helicopters , and nhoy even cars .
Stastez fan pocap authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public wjtj a better alternative . T
he price or independent transport wool gdolw dramatically .
I reckon tray ghat will change the habits of re public .
en thohg we wkl have to read hurt timetable and to keqrn again to be on time , the nice old train could become imploetant again .
Ikmagine this picture : the first class of this semester , sthudents a yawning an do mot pay attention on tones teacher ; while thud teacher ask for the answer , sthudents can not answer brause they totally can not remember what thy have sthudied in lazsr semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if tyery spend 11 months a year studying partly because of actyer the long vacation , students will might resemble the kbowledbe hate have lend , partly because of long vacation well let students used to have fun instead of study , and pqrgly because of sour difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I qgrse with he statement fhqt students could receive a bsfter , more efficient education if they spend 11 mint a year studying .
More reasons win detail all be shed light on in the following paragraph .
To bdgon fifth , there is a general consensus , students iwkl forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
k exajpel , on history class , jisgory teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North Asmeroca before he star to tdacj the history of South Amedica in the beginning of the semester .
It is greedy wasting take ax not efficient .
Jexr to go would be , students get uewd to relax by having no study an homework in the long vacation .
or esamlle , when the semester start , sentiments can not gray await from the sunshine , beach , abdf travllong .
In the class , student will recall the joyful time tuet had instead paying attention on the teacher .
Last but no least , come difficult courses should be continually studying rather than hsvin long a btaek time .
or instinct , threatening English should be a daily education , if or have a long time without darning Ejglish , you fold foetet gets vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if bey spend 11 months a year studgiung .
My favorite sport is the soccer .
I ebjy suit sport since I was a chjkd , I always remember when my father and my brother twxch me to play it .
My fthwr was a professional soccer player so I think hat I inherited this life fire the soccer .
I posed slccdr in different toms in my neighborhood , fool or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because wajen I am in he playing field I forget all problems .
I okke to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the rigwl tam bar we choose a strategy to wish tnw matrhc .
who I play bad I fee nervous but my partsrz give me their conditional support .
thwf is priceless .
I ojow fee salt is vet important so if you pratide this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you RR srxrting thee art you have to do it because you really like it .
if uuo do n't like it there are many options to practice whatever sports .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it bemes .
In thus ea you have to be preferred for anything problem .
ifnaply I advised that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I meet to Nea Yor .
I also want to be amazing Nizgara Faplx .
Swomething that lade me puppy was to see my family .
On seotembsr 12th,2014 I we to Ndw Ykrk city .
In the try I was very haply because I received a lot of food .
Thw flight awe approximately fuel hour hwede I attach beautiful movies .
When I arrived my unlcs was waiting for me wmd I gave him a big hug .
We went to long island because there he lives .
He save a really nice hluxe sin I a happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks us like me .
In Nw York I want so much , I also ewht to the city they never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had her awesome odds of going to Niagarw Falks .
We wear in car and it was ahoyt 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Jiagarq Dalps city their looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do but theft wwrr the frals .
I wad amszwd of how huge weed the gslls .
Thwy were incredible amazing and beautiful .
I take too much photo because you do not visit places like that everyday .
Something that me me verb happy was to visit my fakilh .
My inclr Jjna lives in United States of America and I was very to hug him because I kiss him a lot .
My cousum Agel each very happy to sci me PhD me too , we ad like siblings .
My aunt brave me a lot of prrsenst because she ea they do not wee me recently and many rote part of my family .
In conclusion I had a effect vacation sere I ache jaw things , visit awesome place as Nizgara Falls and Tikew Squawre , recievunmg a lot of presents and specially ewy a of delicious kid .
Nist attending students to Unjversitiex are out of the city where try use to lives , so , they heed an accommodation to lice through their study years .
Mots universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shaerx rlms air dormitories to ybeir students to lower e living costs , were melts students have low income .
Othesrd students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Agaring hluess or rooms have man advantages such as , cheep , safe , lose to the umiversify , and learn new to shwte everything with others . signing money and time wjlp be more Obvious in university dormirories because monthly payments will be desk fan four times shabby hiking an apartment , and because it will be flosef to the university , saving money snhd tie is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I own - to live in an apartment where the personality is dry important fir me .
Many gear ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my ljfw , he was dirty , speaking loudly all tome and do not share the budget of eating . loving alien all grant me the freedom to live by the way tjt I xhoise and still friendly with all the others without excited the privacy of my friends . this matter dull boy achieved who living in shared rooms .
rhet annoying me
Although ye federal government which is decided as a role of USA has man benefits according to reading passahe , he lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have thewi own policies according to their needs , is not lays good for the lecture where it may create come conflicts between the stages .
An example of tear is the marriage of homosexual where some state sit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even the fedetal government let ear stage function independently , it still control on the main devisions .
this case causes some problems where true lecturer mentioned tie failure of federak government to too illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
ask he contrk of the federal government is the readoj why dacb of the stats aged the federzl blame easy the in the invreaqse of the unemployment in some states
In conclusion , dderal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single pilicu aims confusion in he responsibility .
Travelling to a different country cqnb be both exciting and frustrating at the same tome .
I ynink haft any toys of trip is exiting but also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travellinh to Mexico I would gvis two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexocan food instead to critic about spicy savor .
Leople say that in every voyage the people suffer to difference moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an nknowh pace , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumohal .
In elder to dnmoy a trio to Mexico I suggest that oh traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
Tgjs minimal chance would make a big difference when toy visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with court grave companion xopuld enjoy warn moment of the trjo , exchange skmd pictures , eat together , wmd visit place with common ibtefest such as museums or lamps .
Othee advice roast I would give to people ckmiong to Mexic is that eojy for Mezica toodx .
Mexican food q a lit of stinging dishwasher fork different states of the country .
For capable , there ate a lot of Americanj people that us n't like wpucy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Kxican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice I wuopd suggest you to ask for wuces with lower pepper .
In this way the visitors eiuld be able to rjnoy Mexican food wotg lead pepoprr made the saxmed delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered tow important advice few visitors that coming to my cointry : Ttt to get alone with their companion in order to have in and try to enjoy Mexican fewod because it is delicious !
Avtee the Intemet a infected bad revealed first time in August 29ty 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant iunhovation that hsz partly replaced for afxe to face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook send out 700.000 mess , and 170.000 Tweets crew publicized on Twitter each 60 sefojds .
Unsdurprisinlgy , soicjal consequences of Facebook an Twitfted play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Hiwecer , people who use Facebook , Twaitter or SMS in general , are niy likely to have their snow personal privacy tjwt there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will office on beefiys and disadvantage of Fcaebook end Twitterd , ad also comments potential future of these implications .
Clmunicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , though Facebook ah Totter .
The benefit of heinous from being connected globally to Facebook znjd Twqitter is that messages an be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook an Twotte an be hsec when their nerds are in an unpleasant old , and in where thee negative feelings are expressed .
Secobdpy , Facebook provide tjs opportunity to remain in touch it daily activities from fdiehds , making observations of relationships , maintaining me 's pan feeling within the nrrwork ( through walk posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldkeadpw , Quinn , & Koqert , 2013 ) .
Tat is to day , human behavior on Facebook as interacted we with there by sgarign fhgeir mood , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook n be yes as an organizational communication fool in business .
Knowledge about the members ioncreass continual , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and ad shzding hurt swam interests by the social network .
( Emerald Groh Publiwhnig , 213 ) .
Fjnally , people at allowed to follows anyone who they gin enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people Ina easily see very adult activities which are posted by tyej .
However , due to this , people who ate veung followed , or ysres in general , may jzve lsas personal privacy , and skso there is a of potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
Howevef , information which is appeared on Fzcebook or Twitter are eaxiy accessible , therefore everybody van eqeily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twter are easily accessible , therefore everybody van easily response as a public opinion .
Mostly Facebook used expect rhekr friend to respond or pay attention on at key are idiom .
In fact , along with agreeable Inc pleasant cojmehts , there qrd also small amounts of aggressive and define attract comment .
Diest of all , people can oostr ajyg racist comments with target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Ywme sci released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy brcayse one of the mzib actrescies sax performed by Black peraob ( Rauch an Scjanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it as ode to many problems involve with cycper - bullying , cycle - badgerihg , ccyls - stalking behavior ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams & Mdrtwn , 2008 ) .
Fpe example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man dallsd Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found hit competent to wand trial on charges of stalk harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Fcaebokk and Twitter , PhD SMS in general , may replace fax to fxec communication am improve their functions , because people feel mere freedom or enioy using Faceboo or Twitter without hqbe to view each other appearances .
Therdfore , it would be wasief to be connected and keep in touch wife friends working a second , rather at have to call them .
The possibly otomes might be the mood Tim people spend on SMS , thew laws communicate sills that they cage .
In addition , to decreased the risk of negative comments or posts , Cacevook shed Twjttrr would umprlve their futures to sore the less personal privacy problem .
of exsmpoe , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
owner , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twotter could afcet tuedir social pie by avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , thud benefits off udkng Faceobok an Gwittet is that people can dommunixate and being connected to their friends frequently .
Aslsl people can gossipy rdufe tjier negative mood by shading n expressing how the ceewl .
In contrast , because Fadebook an Twitted have been connected worldwide , wuihc means protecting personal preach is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express aggressive yowsrd each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photograhpy classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks Luke Facebook , Insagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those steak .
Wlso , this phenomenon of taking photographs is pet of our daily ljfr , because it is the gets way to capture epercial moments pikje birthdays , travels , special occasions , syc .
As a njrw colleges subject
This practice is cinsiderrd jostled activities that anytime van do without any kind of special preparation .
Howeevef , teaching student how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a puctur shiulx be consider as learning to draw .
otj skulla safe required in today 's woflf b are necessary to be developed in the education system at tear same level .
Thw reasons
Recent studied show that in the last twenty yeats more than 3,000 photographs at take pee person in the world , especially in the latest generations lifesw(teenagers in iuds ) .
Tsi increase is elzted faith gas overwhelming development of technologies in comphtdrs , cameras , cellphones , Ltd .
Aslso , photography is cinsiderdd as a type of art , so it requires fee knowledge of especial skills , techniques qdn knowledge .
hit a lovely weather today !
What a ownderfuo say ! Tuere is an Wpfil new and final spring came .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
Ye first spring birds cages back from the warm countries .
They re singing funny and building their nests .
People look happier .
They are peeping tired after a long nsoqy winter .
We sxef or clock foreaed one hour in March .
The summertime was first introduced in Englans in 1908 .
be days become longer and the nghgs get shorter and lighter .
We uusalpy set our clock sick an hour in Octoebr .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) on hour more .
Hofke as a life style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides to more a just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever ykh cjoowe a sort ?
Ho think that our life style will improve ?
Well k age mistaken .
For doobg different kiand of sorts you and to be skilled or willing to tdh sew rhingz .
What if uoi do n't bqve none of these requiermeNTs ?
Ten o knla hockey is the aqner .
hickey is a sport I have ppayde for lay years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in spills words ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's jot always as simple as it xoundd .
Hoy hwvs to train five days a week am you need to concentrate a lot .
On the tohwr hbans I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this split and sinfd 2010 it has became a life wryle to me .
Ehh will I recommended this to ski ?
It would decintiely help jog to grow arm improve as a person .
Hocksy like change the sat yii see the world ax you are going to start session it with ordered eyed .
So spa search for the right sloet , his the is for uopu !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport media oft environmental care .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy rgeir own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive ten trasitiojal ones ( s some who user gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and theft 's because pollution is several issue that we he to weak with .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , folk kids tool ancient people .
Rhs government an mjahy companies are maesuring the C2o emission which raw vekng produced by industrial or services processes they as necessary for prlduding goods co the social consume .
If people do n't ye phobic transportation , they could walk , ride a bow or buy a traditional car , snf that will provably take place when thber destiny is van room the place where you live .
Frmo my pokjt of cite , club transportation will be gsry important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I trunk th government will slow down dye fee in public transportation , that could make people to we public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 missions zbd prevent the global heating .
In Coslada Cry Council , people are sell informed about taking vwre environment .
The cvtiy council ax developed several campaigns to improve ye awareness of irx citizens , for example , yje cnildten lewrj at school use to separate the waste .
Fhsre ate many ecological islands .
Sacdh of fhdm hqa three or four kinds of bins and ghdy at or as ca as go hundred meters .
There jaw bed several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
Neverthenedss it is ndvet enough , because div 's owners tbawt they have most of the blame .
Sibcr 2008 , there s lay bike plaghs across the city , so the citizens will be able to zvoir the car and they will met less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is locked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
Lut planet is in such a difficult situation that we hqfe to take lvrr hrs problem .
A problem which awsw caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the sfvects .
My fawlily is very conscious of thus trounoe so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually ass the public transport , is has a gtwat quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on time as true price is worth .
We life in a cottage aged we each several bins which i classified according to the marriage we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization whoich pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
Tbe benefits as given to several organizations which tad of cqrr of he environment .
My sister teaches people way to do with things they wxbt to rid of , such as bottles or oaprs .
She is wake to do uscdh beautiful jweellery that lots of peopled are following he !
It gypsy that this kind of things an be a condo kifed .
As soon as the last lived ends toys southern blreer of Egyot is uede .
The Nil ricer is the origin of the ancient Eptian civilization tat counts over 6 thousand years .
Ap historiqnsd , researchers , scientists agree sigh this .
As as car me , I totally support thief point of view .
Egypt is a kind of th river civilization mom the huge desert Wahwra .
All over tor time the Nile is tad inly source of water for Egyptians .
Furtnermoree , elevation of try water level on gone river helps people to aelize t possibility of expanding turn asrsa of fertile lzndw .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Lahd ' to park it for of he red soil of desert .
Nowadaya , deep and wife valley of the Nile becomes the most important transport pine rkr gytp .
Throug fhye centuries people av vest exploring the nztyre of the Hile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to a or est period .
They knew when it will be th ' Green rule ' or ' Red Nile ' to stick up sir clean wayre .
Bit such higfb level of development of Egyptian civilization jaw the negative side as well as positive .
The great amount of dams were bit on ts river that caused the disappearing of a lo of plant and animals .
Anysxy , a lot of Ebyptians still lining far from the mnqin water Carter of the country and hardkg fan find the clean war to rink .
But I hoper , as soon as Egypt bscomw developing yeah government will post attention to the ecological problems that higfy owvel .
When most psopoe tank about an important historical llcae in Italy , they thin of Duomo , in Milan .
Bit the Duomo is boy the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree ghat it 's the Folosseumk .
For centuries this building ran needed t symbol of this cifh .
It quite ancient , hue still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every dad .
It a built in 79 A.C. by Titp , who each PhD Roman epmeror .
It was used for shoes with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Loreoger haft eat were represemtex in order to celebrate Roman army .
It is ruined through the ages , but now psopl understand yes importance and rake care of it .
In my opinion it is importaNT because it remembers our past and oujd traditions , which we should n't forget .
However not all people are aware of it .
It 's out strength zjd every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up ajf follow our dreams .
In tins raw moving old transoorg has combed an important fscfor fork everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their adult living .
There is no point in saying public transport baa no future .
Travelling through car is a convenient node of transport , but most of the population can mot afford it .
Tuere are advantages and disadvantages in using a public trqnspirt .
Firestly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap ends affordable tor x cpazs of people in society .
Variety of buses are release by the government in order to meet pekpoe 's financial conditions .
Uwinv public transport is a time waste and no privacy are sole of the disadvantages .
Similarly traveling by car has uta own advantage an disadvantaged .
Everybody cash bet afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discus ten benefits , one can enjoy ihg privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can travel fasted .
To EU up with it is not appropriate to way that there is no future for pjbluc transport because both has equal advantage end disadvantages .
Sometime I think that Taipdk is too crowded .
There is no denying that et MRT in this cry is such a convenient metropolitan sysetm .
Howevsr , during the rush hour , there are always safe wcuh a duim person who is no public awareened at all .
Tyey occupy top many stars , including priority set .
Furtheempre , most of them are students .
Tueg do n't respected theft passsNTers , jet Pepe laughing and teasing each other , spite to fact that some people haxbe told them not to do this .
Norwover , I think that provide thud swxt to elder is also a problem .
Priority seats , ad preserved to tor who ends , not my elder but also some adult need it .
Soemhow , not all of them can you idsnrify qhegher fhier bodeiw feel uncomfortable merely film tuejr appearance , qihch less to Some misunderstanding negween them .
Solw people when blame them far tjeyt occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
Moreover , spoke led people wound take tks comsidwrative action for granted so they would even command young adults or students offer their eat without planners !
In my opinion , god transportation in or city have nothing to criticize expect that .
Everyohe should develop the awareness of public kajner .
Telwvisiom is an important part of nodded culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news ax films
TV ax lych benefits :
Firsyly it enables young people to share cultural experience with others .
TV can etc as a catalyst to get lies reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose wake each adapted for ghr programs .
Tekevision ch teach kid important values and if lessons .
Educauonal programming can develop young fhildern 's sofialization and learning skills .
Meqs , current events ax historical programming ca help make young people more wars of other cultures m people .
Documentaries can help developed cfitival thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce goutn to classic Hollyqood vipms had foreign movies that they might not otherwiSE SE .
Cultursl programming cage opened up the wofpd of music ax are for young people .
Bur television have also negative effects : Fgirst of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television gs chess exeruse .
In addition , these children receive pest socialization with other children .
Television akeo tajss zwah from family tor .
Thiw is also true fl gamilise Wu eat in front of the television .
I deal with conshltjng and salad of financial ducts and servers to an international bank , in the max - market sand smzlpl - business .
I follow the relationship with customers ffmo acquisition to the aevkse until t realization of contracts , building x maintaining relationships xdter - saved in the aim of customer satisfaction
I also worked with large and small team in badkl - offices , managed many administrative activities relarwd to motages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I worked for several year to PhD acquisition of new customers , to prove trek wire a complete service , from the account to insurance produces , investment product , personal loss , revolving edit , azns cross - lounge product .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical bad rays solution .
nine - standard situations , analyzing th problem , finding x implementing practical qbd easy solutions .
I ave faced several situations always wqofk win serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of fed team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the gaqls by prfiding my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other poounts of view together fineimg qxys to deal .
I work for re dame large company cod 25 tears , how is few time to change and tin new job opportunities .
Needs to work my bsuband bas been living in Zaaandam , I sent to find a new job in Holland to rrjoij our family .
I liked sports such as skin , riding and seimmingb . I 'be as got the rescue licewjce , I wired as a lifeguard in thud summer sthudyunt drew her patent paid dig master
Nowadays we all hope , chat public translator Dan save the world .
When we red all thee cars in ljr yards , when we stay in traffic jiak , we notion that one say we will are to live our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll woke up in the immortal traffic ham .
u , probably , fhs situation is knlky period of development of transoodt .
We are told about a too of innovafoins in suit sphere .
Fpt instance , Google reported about Googlemobole .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive mode smart then people .
If they wiolk contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they wjl be able to vain accidents on tie roads .
So poplar will be all to avoid rraffif as .
Nk all people like y idea of Googlemobile .
Soke people king , it might take away their independence .
But another of leolle think that it is not so bad idea , because they whip be able to drink in spite of the fact , that the arr drive at the moment .
Hoewved , gherw will always be people p disloioe to be a frover anyway .
Xnd people who hate public transport , throat will aloqays be .
Ts restriction is , which sort of people have more impact in raw world , and , finally , who will decide .
How mzby language do ho speak ?
Did you ever tuition of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polggkot ?
Today it is miles time important to learn a foreg language ten before .
there are few reasons hwcih show you why it is important to keatn a fireigh language today .
First , if hour ear planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your try more easy ax comfortable .
Secodn , off finding a good job opportunity , ye business exchange is increasing in the international eve , if you speak a foreign languwgd , certainly it adds women value on loud profile and you can chef a hijer zalaey .
Third , through learning a foreign languages , you do n't only learn a language , at r time you zero also getting know its culture , get to know a dxiffereNT culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Oevt these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
Form newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure our tnaf our environment is changing severely .
Mjany scientists incrr that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' tree .
Humans always dwsiee to have a more convenient and comfortable life , goer forget to protector and cherish the Earth at the sane fume .
High - technological vounries have developed a gfdat number of forests and lands to buio Hugh buildings .
Various victories emit excessive carbon dioxide to be to .
All the examples above will rjhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The hogner temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
If people around the world coykd n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must uavr a dark and hopeless future .
Dye to the climate changer , the qeaher is so oh tyag people could even have a qatsr shortage .
Losimv enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and route .
In this living situation , instead of laughter xnhd gappinesw , there will be mote fight , bared ad sadness .
Everyone lkvs in despair , gun can not fine the entrance to brightness .
Thr terrible consequences , are caused by tfh humane ' unswtisfidd heart .
Friends , front bow , let us be the msmbes to protect and take care of our Earth !
It less dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The discovered work is very hard , not just because you will woke with dangerous people , PhD really danger is if you get discovered .
gen people know tfhst they were deceived , that threw truysty were broken , hewda will roll .
You have to be precise , fist , and a deal goof actor .
The passion far the cause is t ksu to survive .
It is must something that I had to do , not you , jet her , me .
I did n't choose hat , this job has chosen me .
Ddar Sje or Madamme ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertise .
For the kst tsl years I hxved honied few swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeeded in many competitions in re country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand I completed the first aid cohese , in the Fwd Cross .
hrs job would goer me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained in what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Olsase do not hesitate to contact me if you should quite further information .
I am available to attend an interview at out convenience .
I pool Edward to hearing from you
Ykjrs faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In o modern work , lsny people are sujfferwd from stress gate spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces am tidy want to leave vrlm this condition in holidays .
Therefkre , it can be wide that holidays xrd the heat oltiom to renew too sailor and revive the spirit for people .
In holidays , people can aqua from dqilu problem and also can take more tins with rueir friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural plxes with fhyeir families in orfrr to forget about bad situations on their lives .
Ror exmappe , walking in the seaside or swimming in the we can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hwhd , holidays are the best or people in trefms of thinking clearly their experienced apt life .
Pelle can review their decisions in holidays mos accurate abf helpful .
Fid instance , in stressful piofe conditions pekpld can mad bf decisions flee their future .
Besiode , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
Rge reason is that triple mjuts cpmplatr their task in order to gain roe money to making their lives ad they corfget about these emotional feelings sjcn as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seek that in holidays people eye getting closer and they remember their lifelong .
For example , people meet their relatives that never see or a long time .
At tie same rime , keep have a chamcd to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and skuos .
They van pray for Go an it give a relief for people .
Qhen people remember tjede emotional abf spiritual subjects the cab become sore apply . Becauhse people need to leave the material world .
In holidays , people have tried to review their mistakes tat less to stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays raw very suitable fl people in order to heal heir problems and stressful life conditions .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive tfge spirit and the Seoul because people have a chance to dive away modern life that has full of material subject .
Cyclinf to school , to work or to do any other activity it is NHL a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and he local ckunvils of big cities such as Mxdrid or Valemcia , are defying their best to promote thus mkvrment caused they consider it a we of development .
On shy one hand , anywhere are many benefits of cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , niece and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Furtehrmore , it turn out to be hers quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues ditch as the increase of dahgrr on the rkqds .
Statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than traveling by van .
Another disadvantage is rue weather .
Getting wet we it rains , having to do a lot of egforg to cycle itgo a strong wind , freezing ewqther or giving to keep drinking eye hot eeathdr .
In my point of view , Cycling constitutes to improve community spudit and it is possibler to look for consultations to dad the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that traveling by cs is much more convenient tn by public transport .
For example , people taking car do NT need to spend hike taunting for tad hugs or subway .
Snd this undesirable kite might be no so short during holidays , due to pass frequent schedule .
Also , we cdaqn drive a car to ajg place agree the public transport lerhals is n able not reach .
When the bye is crowded , we av to stand , main us npre exhausting especially cod a lkbg distsncr .
Evsn though cars cohlf provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of yfavelling by public transport should not be neglected .
Fjrsg , public transport is good for tyw environment conquered to private far .
As we all bow , the more publox transport passengers use , th less car exhaust are emitted per person .
Rexently , several studies have shown rvidencss that there is a strong relation between car eshausts end lung cancers .
In other aoeds , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings cm suffering of diseases and saving oige .
Second , bulk transport saves city spaces .
As mpee as more people choose to live in cituse , nowadays or cities bsfome large zjd more crowded .
Corresondingly , the spice for each pedeon newcomers more limited than before .
Provbided that every citizen owns a case and use it either then public transport for every travellping cdhxnce , I suppose that our streets would become a parking pkacr and everyone would spend more tie in clngesging .
Last b not why lesser , public transport allows people to do oyhedr things which is impossible wusn driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense soirti .
of a passenger , however , traveling is a complete relax .
Oepple can listen to music , take a phone call fish a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
Tyhough there are menu advantages dot oublci transport , it dies net mdsn their public translator is tend best chojcd for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility fan cars , and is less environment friendly tuna bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace either .
It is better that people are aware of their pros mad cans and choose a fit now .
Lznguages for the future
Shohkd heal other languages ? .
We live in a world hat dig to day changes asnx people need to developed their skills and overvpme .
I think there are jahy reasons to learn languages .
On the pond hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know differing cultures zmd travel around the word without the language barrier .
Alsp in recent years to express yourself in Engoish , French , Germany ans Russian jasd became something essential and very important in kyr live to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also I consider that it ends to be hard and takes tile away from dpinh ant other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend mote time studying langages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will age to be motivated and to enioy leaning .
air franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to hour advertisement fee a job .
I had a part - rid job as baby - emitted and I take care of my 11 years old brother very tone .
I worked in an Eastet camp tpk wins I have already prepared lily of atifkties , like " rappdl " , paibtbalk ...
Rhat is for theses reasons I thin I hat th skills for the jib .
I can be contacted Apr a meeting in the above addresses .
I hope you considerate me for th job , rigorous
Today , I went to my Winnie 's him at Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food ac play interesting games sltogetyer .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at Winnei 's bone .
First , we listened to some sons , shxh as almost end hub hug world .
After thirty minutes , we had tdaq .
Wimnoe loses eating very much so I can easily find much food at her ohmr .
We d mouth- watering steawberry awake as juicy apolw juices fog tea ax the were extremely yummy .
Acyer having tea , we pay hide - end - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriahs and I hid behind a bench as Winbie posed or us .
Suddenly , Qinie frpl over a little stone .
Adroaba ant I immediately came to ehf and gold her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Awr you okay'I asked .
I are shaking puke a ear one my heart is pkunding inc I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnies replied .
I felt relieved then .
Ghdn , Adriana found a plwsterr ans put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm imsode mad smuped happily .
I fear glad today although Winnkw hurt herself .
Why ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion the shoe in the future wkkl be better .
Hopse of toes future will be bub m bright .
Inzide sill be full of conveniences .
Bkh spqced will be divided in a few zone .
Relaxation 's , leading 's , kitchen 's zones sad so on .
In goose of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to rhne light in efedy house .
Trelevisdion soil be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Trhank to that it can pan or rduxed .
Everything depends on tad nimbe of people .
Swimming is my favorite sport .
Whj do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's effort , but yulu can so enioy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport tnag can be learn at any age but children fa start to learn swimming as deadly as two years of age .
Swimming has different goes ; dolouin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a spot is envy useful in aieghy reduction if you ate obese bad need to reduce ykut weight , it is also the best sport for tiger azthmativ patients farmhouse it strengthens the cgrst muscles awns decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you wold start to learn swimming , chioss a place at shy an experienced coach , an try to be part of a group of hour gas .
Hdllo Paul ,
I snapped helping at hrs concert vehicle was in Antasya on Octibwr .
I had a great tie with people wyk re seeking as a helper off et concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In th concert tin wlpl people can enjoy but boboyd ethnic about how they fee preparing to concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation rime .
For example tghdy know everything about each helper 's uobs but on the same time the gets concern pan subjects .
I sane explain to you worm interesting part firm my expedience .
In the concert morning were exchanged and thinking shout the concert and we decided do might tihhk another the concdedt just do your job which would be oven .
When we drew arranging concert plan we mads work sharinmb for all of us .
Some of them stressed design the ate , sopne of them checking song volume and lights .
My job was becoming songs lits which singers would perform .
I think it was tune motg difficult poartg of the concert because of singers .
Thwy wwte always wanted to change some songs which was on the list .
On the concert time I was rally worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be worrisome because hey gzvs time and effort fl it .
Vinall concert started had lo the its sore shining look stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concept friniwhed I et like a bird which flying freely .
Of course I had sole pain in my less because all yeah time I was staring .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to infinite i to kuf next concert which will be next nlnth if you have any time pleaer come end see we we are preparing fcof tyw concert .
I am waiting foe ypir email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways d how we receives bad us information is probably the most affected .
Fegarding advertisementt , technology is having a ghge , and no always positive impft on outdoor advertisement .
From black - arm - shirt aedsz posted in club place we have moved to practically liuvw surrounded by outdol weds placed in revry available we imaginable spot .
Frpn buildings with enormous had bright screens to interactive bus spa signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertised to offer personalized puboicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the ceey nest future , if I have been looking for erstauramts in Jallirca in my computer or compile at home , in my way to work the zdcs on tie buses i will see - which of course will be screen and nor leinted paper - will show inaqbes of Mallorcx , or an add from trilwdvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will shy me sometime , and it even ill be ysetul , but I 'm also sire sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my gowns and find it full of bright screens , no stated how beautiful or artistic d picturesque displayed are .
Advertisement might be considered an at , or at league sole pierecs are real adtistjc , htu placed on the wrong spot or sjowe at tgs wrong diem they loose they artistic side .
But , technology is hjrr for be or worse , ajdf we have to learn to deal with it tjs best we CV .
If I coup change on thing in my life , I wood like to change my jousr .
I 'd like to yavew a njg detached uouss in suburbs of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So tnaf I could live more freely and independently .
If I had tie ohyse , I would decorate it in modern stay .
I pull build there fitness gym , wardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such his , I would like to equip a harbecur area in my garej .
I could invite my froejds and relatives .
Rogether we dull sped time in pleasant agjosphere .
Whej it comes to my favorite plot , tenmks will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting sojce it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play antenna to released my pressure .
If got are a beginner of renniw , my advice is that tie need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the proverb goes : If tie want to learn something well , you wojls under to get the right tools first to work on it .
Nect , you are required to earn every basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires pot of baskf sjilla , if you do n't learn the impotgaNT technical slowly and steadily , you mzu gay hurt during the practiced .
Finallg , finding a hod teacher is is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades gap ?
Do we hzvd enough chopides in the screen ?
Can you imaien havunt only two channels and nit playing the whole eqy ?
That AA only 30 years ago .
An explosion of channels arrived to our hoiyses in the eighties .
In this sport we sill see some characteristics of today 's television .
Number of Cahnneld afw gradually reducing
In our country one fade qbo when digital TV arrived , a log of new channels fpurished .
All to third to get several voices to distribute their show .
In order to resolve some deficits burgers , yodsy gherd are mainly tgwi TV groups .
Less channels means less chooses .
Internet TV is infreaeing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly one moment , where hard wit l watching this or that television program .
Gou just follow a suggestion made bay saoneone .
Yoi gust click on it .
he nave to reduce their budget
Despite of changing channels we see the same bsws .
Bgi Brladcast griips are hssd by wlp of the .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camera x around the world .
It is cheaoee to buy it .
Sxymmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Inteenet .
Nowadays only national or international broadcast frouos can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons yelp to mainrakn such a budget deficit .
However the fact is that tydre is a countdown on them .
Dear Mres Hookins ,
I she seen you advertisement in ht newspaper and I am writing to pressed an interest
to join ykjr skat group on a grip around he wsorls .
I am a 20-ueqr - old student for Switzerland speaking Terman , French zns Sgnlish and I am lessen on travveloing .
Wjyh several trips to many countries I have name ujngil kw , I wold s that I hacw already spine experience in traveling around the word .
I am interested in to soon your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would lie to explore new contribute around yhr world .
k fen years I have been in a scout group in which I uavw leaflet a lot about different kinds to find a say or to orientate myself in the wlidefness .
Furthermore I feel suitable to Ali your grpjp because I poke traveling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I liking forward to heading from you .
Dear Stebew ,
It saw good to hear from you .
Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , hot only the English language but also to know more about your culture had visit nice planes of your country as well .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will lit up some money to help me .
But I wzjna find a job to help him worthy thew bills .
a you give me a jxnd on it ?
Tou can also help me to fibf a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a slsll apartment ear the Cambridge university where I 'll study Englkwh for 5 month .
Thanks feed all tour help and I look fgorwared to hearing from you .
Best wishes
João Matos
Hi Jokh ,
I am looking forward to seeing to .
First of all , up should bet outskxe of the airport terminal .
There you milk SE Luz stations in the stdeeg .
Wben flu get these take ts bus which has number 111 .
Then fidw to the sin stop " Zličín " .
There you an hey to the underground srationj and grsvel to the febtre of Prague .
If yogurt choose this way , I 'll call you in ghw morning to tell you where till we meet dxacfly .
But if I were you I aloud fake a taxi ff the underground is quite bhorinf , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you Renee to get to the cwntr . I 'll wait car you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this tone of year .
Thar 's way you do n't have to take warm clothge .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Besdf wisrs ,
Jacog
In my opinion we syohld go to the restaurant because till people need a leaning moment dark doing work better thsj brfote .
Firstly , we cfxn discussed type of food we wqtn to eat .
Actizlly , stuNTs eat a lot fit food whiuke they are studying at university , because tyery do n't base till to do food , for jese reason I think that t best rtsauraNT is somewere we they do home - lxde food , and a good sees is for kauns coursework : named pottes , ateamrd vegetables and for dessert apple fake .
On the throat hand , we safe studying architecture mauge we soul fhooee a speculate restaurantt , I like a charming and comfortably restaurant sjth a lot of windows , with a white hair , table and wall , room or less a relax environment buy type atmosphere is very important car dinner and I think that we mug vote this , gecuase we wiko navy a gold nughf or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I fhunk that this type of food sir atmosphere is very for us , because normally we god spoken boycott book , wkfk an studies , while with this reply of environment we fa peak about us , oh family , our hobbies and all people get to know mow something about oyherd mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Holltwood .
I live hrs few uwre and I think my classmates fol .
You awn it the gust burgers y have beer eaten .
Yhey are incredibly delicious .
I do not know ho do they make and cook the .
These burgers add my favorite food because thy ate amazing .
I can not say how they hrs ecauze you have to taste thwl .
It is a fpavour similar to stay in the heqveh or in the paradise .
I recommend you to go to tihsz restaurant and oh definitely oesve with a very good flavor in your mouth and a sigh smile in your face .
Ylu will sat to come another time .
Hoever , if uoj do not like burgers you can eat whatever you eat of American foif and you will grg the same fantastic opinion as a person week has date another owl .
Public transport plays an important rile in poor modern day lives .
More than a billion people use bjsws , taxi 's and tyrainjs etc as tourists , fro work , meeting relatives , ping to school src .
Many rvej we cos .
Though traveling by act is me convenient bu it is expebsibe .
That is why because the coat of petrpo , diesel and gas is quite high in most of he countries of the wotl .
While traellung by pubkc transport dqn sew a too of money in following ways :
1 . Pelpke cwj save et money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they he specific rojtse across the country , row , city and villages , it helps people to psebd less in shops or restaurants on highways or even ojside egg city etc .
I disagree with the statement states abofd because in future we are likely to hzvr only tao classes in society , the rich and the pole .
Middel class is disappearing ad becoming scarce dra by a .
It is because of high tzxesz on olds .
So , I believed eithw we well hxvve public transport or people are young to be as teeth were in the stone age .
Public transport is seen good Apr our environment rather than acrx .
Nowafays leoole save different views ago reading books ads watching movie .
Some of them think that bioksw are more interesting than he film versions .
I ate wotu the point of view .
I tend to ghunk that whether is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstky , reading hopes to bevoje a welkp Educated Perxoj n give a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why hole you eyes reading up hrs getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develops imagination of reserved .
When you are reaidngy a picture of what is happening appears in your min .
Yoi cab imagine who heroes look Like , joy cage omagone dvferent views , white the action tajez olxce .
njd final , I think it 's very important that you can easily see your vkok with you on zrart reading anytime you want .
On ye other band , if you lime baking in company the hit way if you is movies .
Bwcaude you an watch it with hour friend .
Also my pdolle cohoe lives because yheu liked soujtdracks and special wffecrs .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not importzn for me .
I suppose that book are nettre ant them film version .
To sum up , I 'd kke to say deadline is equally feat thing .
A girl wzd walking hone pen day .
She was sityh her mum ..
Xye was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going jeep when the girl notice a cure doll in a shop .
She max blond hake and sh was wearing a bike xrtess , whet gloves wbd black shoes .
Jusr like hrs ... ''Muk I love hid doll!Could to be it fro me ? '' she said .
Ner mum could n't deny to ear , so she bought it .
Oh!The hip had so many special moments wire jrr dlol!!Thuey looked so adorabkw yogether!Tnet were like twins !
Agted some years the girl decided that she has to love .
She wazz eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she ink a deep breath n out her doll in the attic just like hue childhood memories .
At night eh hear pm creepy noises from there ...
She earn there and there was the doll with a life in he hanhd.''Nell , why you do n't play wig me anynorw?Ate you boring of me?Nust because I have only one eye?But you moved me the other die .
Just because I do n't have line if my gloves?Bur you dud it agai!''sd screamed .
And then ...
Nexf dxh , going at s home he mm wanted to find sd daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in he neck and on the wall there is a sentsnce,''Auy sic go leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
sit you huge to deep with the gate .
You can chyooss lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racker and dime balls and person who pay with .
Althogu you should be god at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
This sport is niy just about a physical power .
You supposed to use your rain as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a stalls power .
As the tiger sports , tennis is getting more more , fast an commercial .
I mean professional tenmijs .
Some children wanted to play tebins because of money or glory .
Some of them practice tennis because of their parents .
It is not for enough .
Chilrde siuld la fakes , not just tennis , precise it is fun , it develops their skills , held to physical health and so on .
You can tart if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either you cxnb fjnc a professional coach or just join you friends .
Enjoy !
at Mns Kate Ashby ,
My bamboo is Adfea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of her werkdnd sod in yogurt ca , and I 'm interested to work with you .
I ' m age perfect choice for thus work , in fact , I 'm interested in different iinss of food because I am Italuab , and food us fled is everything .
In Italy , I attract school for waiter and cook , azndc sometime I cook lsabna , pasta , pizza awnc many her specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dealing with peklpe , in act since we I was younger , I have done the anumator at toys sjkmer camp of Alpignano , the if where I lived , and I spent a lot of fume with children PhD xcults .
I also worked do any theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know cheek .
At the end , I 'm also prepadex to work long hours , when I worked wit my aunt in gas face , I worked tom ekfht a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
I look forward to hearing from hot sub ,
Andrea Cocxcj
Easay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of tidying Engliwj abroad .
Is it really wpeth leaving your won content car a period of time to study Engoish ?
It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
Talking who English mativr speakers is always a good thing because yulu will be able to judge how will or badly you are doing .
Bejdes , it can be gunny sane enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at alp so it would be he to overcome a real nightmare if you ate not focus on your learning tsaka .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome r disadvantages especially if you have zone money scare fcof it .
Byy if ho do hot , there is always a solution whixy is using the Internbe to learn everything you need .
Ytku can ebsn tlj wktb mature speaidrs by using spoke Chat Eoims line such as Skiep xjd others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I had tried a pot of sports , Handball , Swiking , Teniw , it my favorite sport is bot one of those , it is a sport that I have eve imatione : Football .
All my lief I fought that football was a sport which was fee men , not for girls , but infer I tried it , I loved it .
Have toy eve think about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football I chic it iwyh my classmates , qbo where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , sped years ago , they started to intwrgrste me whim they play , and nowadays , I love playing football without them .
Nlw , some women and I started to organize fwmape machines , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was young to be so keen on football , bu kw it take part of my oofe .
I think fkptball is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should grew it at least induced in his or her if .
One thing hour shourld rep in ind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to revive some punches .
I recommended you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been yhede twice , an I pijke it .
Its ham is " Tue Engoidh oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional end modern restaurant with British for .
The service is excellent and the waiters i so sample and gentle .
Thr inherit is big , so all tuw class could stay side without problems .
The dedication is modern and cozy , zdn it 's fly poke great traditional British obnets .
The folded is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
The've it a lot of different dishes , traditional an midefn .
Tgey have also tkt a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The dessert eye very Dior too .
They 'be kg original some , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
Tyree is a big variety of ice creams .
his restauranot is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't wqtn to dpwnd too much monrg .
en restaurant is in few shopping center , so we van her tenrw by bus or by train .
I think tujs is the berwt restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book sons table as doonh as possible because a lot of people usually vase there .
Shring whole life , famous people , such as politician x firm stars , medium add accompanying them .
In my view , public lersno served to gave their own life , without photographing .
In knee hand , becoming a public person associate with journalist , maze - media , flashes .
amuos people are obligated to provide tnejr life in exemplary way .
However , that still being ordinary people , they ma mistake .
People are bought being jaeloua .
notice sing kind of failures .
It seems to me thwtg journalist mkghy be absolutely xic mad through have defective influence on society such assess celebrities through the dismiss of journalistic documentary .
In the other hand many of stars wood their pricacu to exfn lord and more money .
The value of their talent , abilities raw counted in amobuf of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , lap over few world , are living famous poplar oh do n't bring kNTo the ljmelgiht their liar .
It yes ever been very usfeu toe a long ticket kg , nevertheless nowadays , there are some pepper ago ask if the public transport wsz suppressed , aged society would save a pit of moesy .
However , people ehouod thin about the large advantages , such as : people save key ; it is Peru comfortable and good for the environment .
Firwtky , the mxih reason is they cost because the leoole who do no have a car they nhede to tale or commute to another place anje a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired ; beaidez , if you have a car , you have to pay aims taxes .
In addition , these people net to bass public transport for traveling around the count ax city .
Secondly , another deaso is the global watering because the atmosphere is lunch polluted .
If you use the public transport , yo can be less contaminating the bevoe because tjeer awrw a of of people who travel together in only noted transport .
Vinally , en last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the center of the city .
Besides in skmw vitied , far can not be parked in some places , sun as : the old city and the city csntre .
Sumling up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cisr of having a car .
Fdok my point of view , I vet used to walking around my city zbd my cwf is uusg used if I trek around the country .
We are living in a ever changing world .
Today 's new things become thungsa of past in few months .
Take an dxamole of mobile technology , your pxtest habdswt , with latest configurations becomes outdated wothun few molntjs after buying it .
50 swear is a dry long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , thee importing point to discuss while be qhethee it would be a positive change or negative one .
Last 50 yaefs science anje technology took great leaps , Internet , mobiles made us more comnefted .
Today , we have all the information at finger - rips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new clap , Google maps are always there to help .
We end not to clear English wptds today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our monipes .
Meeting njeq people or selling uojr products , yiy do NT need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today or lives have become mucus more comfortable gain lest , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
On th otyr had a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became rep challenges of today 's world .
Clkimwte changes due to global warming causing natural disasters w an then .
Terrorsit activities causing hxvco in public live .
Corruption ad greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these challenges Ode of addressed in coming yazrs , imagnimg better lives d people in 50 years hence is father difficult .
We need to remember technology is ju a tool , in right hand it would be boon far us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy get world as we see it ylday .
to who lay comcren ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improbe her Engoish . I 'be got a lositivr and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thpight " at 's co me , I 'm one right person for this kind of oh ! " .
Perhbaps , you 're wondering any I shlulr be tbs ribhr person .
Rha 's mops aid .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openmjbded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 'be woeekd as spciap trainer and as educators since I was 16 .
I povew doing skxial activities ahdc planning events .
When I wprjed as educator , I uawd to pkaqn and manage some zpofts and outdoor activities .
I had a very gear memories of trees experiences and I would really like to oils them again .
If you ex kntetested , please have a look at my CV .
As us requested , I attach it in tin male .
Bhdst regards .
Perspnally , mobile phors are vet important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how ac where tnye are .
The came about my parents ; they zrd old wjd sometimes they coal me or talk about their health .
Concerniny video - game , I agree with scientists that they thought jtx leap children 's brain to develop , hut is important controller them because there aqee a lkor violent gyms .
However there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , tie Interbet is absolutely a rdevklution in currsnf society .
It is very common to sue the Internet in my woej for research or Google information end also connect shot other yeafhers , speak about courses end change information .
Finxloy , I think technological developments main us improve to the future .
Ffiebds hold be ljle a shadow alwsy beside you .
In d mute of joy aged sorrow .
Notung is impossible in lire but o doubt it is niy easy to rjnd sincere friends .
It does no mean you wiolo never bind one .
It is very important to interact and socialize with pile to make a frenc .
The more people you wopl new the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find on spend ticket with tbdm , sore views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not her to agree on everything you set but they soul share their views about it .
Tyhe Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national an international news .
Ypuy could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business wjd Mknwy , sports , culture , education , Lte and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there fee plenty of advertisements of jobs ans donstions to uepl individuals .
readers are able to express tnekr opinion freshly .
htsy saw a quality Engflish language which avoids dlanh language .
As desilt , it is suitable for students who paern English Kznguage to improve thinker English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantaged .
For expmle , it is not suitable fed children die to official Lanhuabe . here were also a huge nbumver of commercials advertisements which nakr this readers bored .
Overall , Thne Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the sod .
Nowadays , in the modern ahc progressive world where pdopls rs smtt and economy very highly developed .
osmw people think that we near in tablet computers instead books
In my opinion , tad problem is try interesting .
sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice htxt gadgets vecime very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our folks more exzily .
Also it makes us more clever .
I am convinced thyatr using table computers in our everyday life is rage Dior .
Leope do not see to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he lrtt a book because he ha all books in his tablet computers
Some pepooe yhihk that it is a new idea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
Shc epopoe are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
Thy insksf on not using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much .then I at hpmew I use books because I like to smell and to touch be lapse of bopkd .
I do not agree with the epopoe who think that ballet are useless .
We shoulder she it but we are most jot forget bout boils .
In conclusion , I want to sat that haft we shoupe kerl stress of new technologies and to to nakr our lives dasisr
ht Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went front safety when we told ink that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought sixty he will be happy as well , bug ...
At the mmrnt she she lot him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
It was tkl mhcg for HM .
He thought it 's easier to walk away shed avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand shat 's going on eitn hum .
It each weird hi lay questions sad doubts cam up on us head .
Oknhe pattr of km wwd really nsppy , beduase to be a hated is six one of the biggest cream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future iwfed .
He should be happy and hygy her and celebrate this good news .
Gtu sokwhow he did n't fed anything .
All that he eflg as anxiety .
He coup n't handle tyw feeling , when she trued to touch him , to ksws Inc big girl .
He knew that he loves hjj as much as he loves her , bet everytheeng was just too wrong on thee moneht .
Her picnic , use sleep and eve hwf both was to erlng on thud moment .
She CPU n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks azgl when they had a conversation anouht miss and family ajf he said fat he wlupd like to have kids with yet .
An now , he just avoids her and he is not haplt about t mews .
It was a via mess .
Sew ax more than hang aged he could n't handle the news .
They btj knew hat thy walk raxh shed ad they made ahoyt eqvh other , hut it s fpo much of him .
He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he need a break and he and to be one .
Mlifhel closed tie door an knew at that moment he he made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lively psortz and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some poets during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercise rhatf I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I thibl , swimming oil is clearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
Sceondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do hot lkks if sun and sand .
Third , swimming in the ocean is omat dangerous .
Howdver , I like to stay in the swimming poke during e summer .
Sctually , I do not knee yow to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Noreover , I think beef any kind of sports that we should do woke exercises tgta is because we need to relax our bodies visit . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous whoever we are dog any sports .
In conclusion , my ppinio is I do not like to do and sports bug we ed to choose one kind of spur in use low zdn almost all people need to do it , as we xohld jog tsqy at home or working all the time .
veedn you breakage do mot like to do ecerckse that you can go to shop .
he purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which wavy be taken in is town to protect the envisonment as the main issue to improve khr quality of life .
In the fired place , we need to pay attention to the tacg that Cacerwz is located in a pasture area where loco farmers had boon breeding sheep , cow and pigs for centuries in apt of the hazfd weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible doubted in summer .
As a result , i water resource are difficult to be preserve one it is clearly necessary to maintain adtiv campaign to raise people 's awareness xbou the umportaxnce of a portion use of it .
Rhed lofazl government is lap taking strong action on crratiny green areas in different places in or arouse the toms whwde citizen cam spend their freed tome or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of same areas shock are now parks or recreational arras .
Fimally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system kth the active cooperation of modty of the citizenship who is really concerned about r recycling of qaate need .
In fzcr , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort aqua recycle their rubbish taking it out to th yellow , gin an blue containers in every street .
Snc that is the negative joint , these dumpster e tkl visible in town and it would be advisable to change growth ones we have for underground knee .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a preseNTation about landscapes , index the ones that do it will reward a bonus poiNT hutf anyways this is n't importaNT information .
I searched my calmly in the hide and there was no red in thus homes , just me .
I vet a bit scarfed so I search then outside in the streets .
I did n't knew that a bomb bet on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parehrs .
I think the reason why I did n't know about yhr explosion is because this pray where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish wears doe tbw explosion hit .
Finally in some days I found me neighbors with some food , I wsasz stzvring to death so I ate a lot .
We made some incentives about well , our it was a total conflict , because th group noticed hat some good was mission somehow .
I tjonk that someone drfays some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is go an try to enforce the laws .
In t next morning I ate a piece of steak and tor group was talking about some creatures that qeee walking around to ill and a us .
In tor nifh I was thinking abpuy many tjngs juzr when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that the vs has a jump .
I stomp him and we he turnewf around it wssa a qomn from the group .
We deer talking about this wing a kg just came near ; it was adorable just hwsn he converted into a big ewidd creature .
He b my d am it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others net it as to late , it each tree group or us .
We saw bat beast eating old fiends and the food .
In sore ways that she ribbde the food in the bight and I qaks up it was good fro my survival .
Byt if I had eye opportunity to reverse the trend of w am I going I would not do it because I have to act all of tbiz .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF YOURW HELaTY
Whjy do go he to exercise ?
Whag benefits do go gain while exercising ?
Do yo now fhwt 75% of people in Medkco , desk n't practice any type of exercise , tgos is a big problem to peer society and is the problem number 1 of wing Jexico is the couNTry oath more obese in the world .
Coijng exercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while ytoj exercise you feel help with you re self an hi re body .
Thsre 's a lot of benefits tzt come in hand kth doing exercise lie reducing or fake control of you re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re bixy , and also l ca male a kt of friends whiles doing any exercise .
Nokw days thwres 's a lie of different rypex of exercising , got cab practiced any spot , like sodxer , basketball , baseball , or ski can simply go to the GYN or ptactie Crossfti or something like tgta .
Soccer it 's a great sport where yo can make a loiy of feiehds , o fan stay right , bug yo also beer dome skills because it 's nor easy to control et gqll aged dirbblw up 're rivwls on he fist .
I recommended you to practice any sport you puke and enjoy every second up spend exercising .
Thanks and sqrt n , you o n't regret it .
Is there any futures to public transport , for traveling by car is mud mjkre convenient ?
Many disagree about e public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to derla with diferent opinions about increasing in travellibg .
Thjs composition ejll explain this ts different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Aloso , unpile public transport such as buzrs and underground , you have much klre comfort and speed .
Thers is a perception that a far cm gift you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scotgish Government ( publication " Youny people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 tears old boy explain « - I prefer going in the cat , it 's qyicmer ...
There 's not as many people xruond ykuh ... I prefer the car because you can lixgen to music as lo . »
Altnough they are many positive points abhor private cars , they ward ax negative knee .
Indeed , cars increases fee pollution , you have traffic congeatuon , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Rhen just owning a car and looking tart golur car , insurance , tax , DC .
Obviuzly it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Ecinbyrgh .
» say a 17 - 22 years old o .
Noa , sefonly , traveling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay n refer on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to The Sqigon Timew , fyere cite a lit of tfaffiv accidents which occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners e drunk when driving .
It is clear hat if they gook a bus or a taxi when they were crwnk , it would n have as much accidents .
Finalpu , many developer cxoubtries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , japan and so on , have boot a public transport system , so the traffic jam age been decreased .
As a reject , fee donomy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it obvious ruat traveling by pubouc transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always etllin few truth be the most important point in a relationship silk be my opinion .
Even though being ftuthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Anbothet reason for npf telling the truth all the time is if it is wbuot personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employer .
It is better to tell a little white pie at this moment .
To furtsr illustrate he fdirwt point ago , coylx hug one 's lungs by telling the truth at all time .
Foir sample , if some woman you are acquainted wsading inappropriate clothes not tiring in the occasion .
People usual tend not telling he the truth since it would kae her feelknys .
Instead of doing so , people ms surpass yes with ktner things on her .
In that case , they could sgipl make conversion without boiling had miodr .
The other pointy is en it comes to personal matetrs , people usually intsnf to keep it privaet since mozr of et time it is strange n inaplroprijaet to to oneself tkl mud to people at work or even people that km just dot acquinetd .
If there are questions about tukngs one do not wnatr liter pooeple to know , ygey mibut day a little white sir which usually odds ho matter goo much .
If I was having a dcya off to go to a doctor , I would prefer the people frank assassin details both it by sew haft I just had some errxnds to run .
Tgese at t pet opibiins of time on fellint ghw trut or pt .
Lss Friday , Michael ab I less in tend school playing happily with each otbef in the classroom .
Whgen we were in tjs laws , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michwel closed tyw do and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Ehe to this , we're boy calord to meet the headmaster .
I cod n't understood shy we needed to meet the headmaster just barbecues Michael d closed he door .
The door was n't brake into pieces or fell down .
My curiosity had put me unto a via trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a lolitw eat and hopefully he can gases me the answer I wanted .
Howevrr , things do n't happened kikr wba I hold .
I ended gsttign expelped from the school because reacher had the classmates suspected Michasp and I steal our classmate - Sewlly 's wallet .
I could n't imaginer ghw teacher and friends aqlxo poiNTed at us firmly an throughout given any chance for us to dpeao pet .
I finally erased that everything was a trap end we 're re unlucky one innocent ones as we tell into yeah trap .
We wiped off our tears , d waved out hand when we left the school .
Although , one day lager the headmaster ftoujd out the truth thorough CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to chamgw a new chooo as we know even if we go naked thud tile , similar case could hxppoen nest time .
Tujs is because et etacher has a biased mindset .
Desr USAw summer fans ,
my name is Biabca Padocwsi , and I have read your advertisement fit the jih .
I consider I am the right peesonj for quiz jog because , firstly , I speak fluedbt and read Engois hch is very important to communicate .
Slsk , I gave a good relation with little kids , I use to look wftre my nieces ads nephews over the weekends and fheg over spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , alas awake ad ready to work hard .
Fudthermorw , I am very creative wax it is a gtokd aspect of myself , as I x invent new and entertaining game for the kids to eve a great time .
I like making puzzles or messy which mpoy dunning , jumping which De importnf for fed kids Devekopment .
I am not very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate itne on that .
I think that if I watch xnf learn hie to do it I aiuld learn very fuss and can eokinate it .
That is a goo quality of nine , I learn thing very far and I also ca get uerd to new thing .
I am very exited about this job am I hope you delay soon .
Bianca
Da number 8 .
We were resfy to go and find the others , we went outside the sgwlter we built and wrif in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is spine thaxty needs supplier he would find mode supplies ad ammk to survive .
We start old journey aged ogimg in the forest , there was a lot of # pwstx on foyer sexy their were various yummy that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeiNT my little group to # diminish an some of us wee # allergic to some plaNTs , I wwsz the only ons bat has no problem with plaza th other stiff people had problem Hugh .
I thought that mabyr my # genes were actually immune to oh infection I would actually be egg # revolutionary hi that helps everyone they was in my # skeltick and I wwd really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually acrifice myself I gave to thunk about is it help the eNTire aordl or just ave a group the decision ass in my hands it was # conveNTional to help the eNTire world but I do n't waNT to did . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone rhaf was in the group one of those guys we aNTed to find abdx alive empty dead hue face a all rltren qndc eaten aaag by how walkers .
We nseder to find the ones that were still alive or at league helps us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hugnet darted everyone was hungry and we haven't defeated abuthing in a few days and fat could lead us to glow thing red or eaten way by a walker so we needed to find something that sad a # nutritional based gold white we could say it no problem air be OK .
We found a luarmacy and a restroom where we could get a reef and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We go cxloise to fed pharmacy tyefe was no walkers inude so we ran into the pgarjacy and closed all the for Inc I gkf someone to cheek us in the night I deemed some rest and ten to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in shot two is ydf more present , as the ruthless tax Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factual .
Near to your yomw , there ate many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you used to lvir .
When you have to pay tghw telephone can energy bills , you can do that in ant tobacco dhoos near to your hlms .
If flu liar shopping , in the perimeter of tie town , there are some bi supermarkets , hi hole may item of this main great fqctoriew of Europw and above .
Like all the inustriaoised countries , a connection to t Internet is granted amst e each area and each building .
At the end , the taxi dare present anger they cover l the town , nut this service is less organized and developed ghsn the Emgkish the .
There is an opinion ghzt famous people , such as celebrities , form stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private ilge , deserve to to be under onsfant observation .
To my min there shuod be a board between paparazzi work in a privacy of famous people .
In my opinion big stars should be able to relax zjd take some private time .
As dwr as I 'm concerned there is no one hip feels comfortable when is fund surveillancs of people eye wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortinately , tghks is a par of cell 's ' wore ' so yhewy hbxve to take into account .
Huy on th other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of lkge without journalists following ten lo the timed .
This rarely fragments of lie without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live looks normal , not famous people .
I know the catching celebrity dolinf cleaning or taking a dog for a whisk is a shocking news dot people who read tbalodis .
To my mud , rheh do not believe celebs age six a normal peooe as everyone of us only with more money in their BBQ accounts
So , as top can tied I agree win the statement that faohs people , who are recognizable , detiedce to have a lrivte life and hrs ability of hagihg normal licew should be also given to them .
The Mqxe Runner
I recently watched this new film vwsed on kns of the books of this worldwide known author .
As I however an inteeesy in thrillers , I decided to give it a tty .
Yh poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue ax mystery which made me tale hrs decision to watch this film .
Tbew folmj starts by ping yourself in the fresh of the maiob character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cages aged being transported to what it sees to be a camp .
He has no idea his he ended up there .
However , he soon reailses yaht this is not a nokal camp , witch is located next to a giant and mysterious nzae .
ye people who lives in the camp tie up different rkls in order to survive PhD defend themselves from tbs menaces of the maze .
He took the reoke of a eynner , the people responsible for exploring the mass and too far an exit of this place .
Still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when tie she voes diwnb it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better zjd better as you snatch it , saving it dxcoting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to naylne who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid error wgicj will leave no no indifferent .
I 'be been packaging volleyball for 12 years bow and hopefully many kors , what I love about it is first of spa that tall or small , anyone cos play it as ling as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport f everyone .
I love the spddd of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick ax if o bponk go probably kissed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player architects the location of the ball in that aunt of time and then fgere 's fhs intensity , if yo haven't seen a take go until 32 - 30 , and wee re energy on shy floor arm he the noise from the crowd yo 're mixing ot .
Personally winning such a set makes me feel pink I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still jeeps me waNTing nor .
I am always trying to jump hiyhsr , hit had , pass and set getter , and servings in more different ways .
I pivd in Mea Eltham .
My area is dry clwam ac geryg green .
Pelle there are eye friendly and helpful .
It is a good lxce to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , rubbish at taken .
Of course garbage is sorted into different bins .
Tjst is very good idea , because fat robnbish undedog a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collects garbage .
Svery body care about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the garner .
Epecially spring is a lot of colors and lleaaant idols .
Jwe Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax troj the busy lpwce .
Green time in my town is rely fantastic .
I have recently atrn at Black Be restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecxwtagni , a little town bear Catania located under tuw tnaw volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant as easily the best I yzve eaten in .
There were two roijs , smoking room or non - smoking room .
Thew surroundings wet rustic , yet it still felt jury an checks , r waiters war very friendly and informative .
As I was eats wig my friend Morsmo ant his fxtber , I managed to ample a good range of items on the menu qmd I really liked Cjianina beef , it was very tasty .
All the ingredients weed clearly freszj and of her highest quality .
The price awe n't reasonable at a , because the mql cake to about forty uerdos per person , so tnisa restauraNT it 's a little expensive .
But I would highly evommend this restaurant cewspite the fact that the meal was a ljttlke expensive and I will no dlunt be back fkrd other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of ocnrroversy .
They have been present in our societies since veg .
Cannabis , hero , speech are some examples of xubtsances hatred are rwxlly well - known if ask of us .
Legalization of drugs is a vwy used argument by people who believe that this measure could sklkve the problem of tie excousiom .
Margination s a link ekth the illegaljty of this activity .
Aldo this illegalitfy is oh gilyt for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people tart giving drugs because thy are young znf its prohibition is very stimulating .
Thw real problem comes ehej this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy oh lives .
I think everyone x prove some kind of illegal dry to have fun , enjoy fields or jet to rlve them , and I do mot believe that behavior is wfonbg because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
Bhu we he to be responsible and have very clear tuna it is onog something exceptional and not our dsaoly life bevuse it is very dangerous as some pwpole ares not able to put deadlines to themselves .
finally , legalization of drugs means that they ckuls be fable Inc we input uiw the taxes war in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or no .
Hi Surooq ,
That sounds beat , I 'm so happy to hwa that you wires coming to Saudi Xeabia , I 'm on a be able to see you after a holy tine .
Bur unulvkily , I 'm giving an ex on Rhureday so I ca n't seem you but you cash take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have kuncn .
My school is really as to find , go straight ahead onto Aljawah street ten turn rughf besofe the farcw of KAU university , after getting down frank th bridge you 'll find he school on your right .
So excited to see uoj !
Byr for now .
Hof .
Dear es ,
Firstly , Spain is a grexf place for holidays in summer .
In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on tghd region , it could in .
If yyou win to see some beautiful scrnsry , you must go to Bracelona where tie will be able to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada , which is one of ye Sevem Wonders of the World .
In amdrid you calm go to vsot some muesms , like the Reina ostía or El Prado .
On the offer hand , if up wwnr to see sold wildlife , ypi must visit Cabarcenos Nagional Pqrk in Cantabris , war is like a kittlr safari , or Doñamq National Prm , which in that period yo can see slid migration birds .
If I wee you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I aluld sat oh week in each place , sad I rent a car in order to move between tend cigiesz .
I recommended you or to take wisdom clothes .
I hope ylh enjoy your shame .
Wdrián .
Bgaret Simosonj is my favorite fictional character on TV .
He is the elres l of re Simpson family .
Bxrt is ten ysrs old and is a thpocal American child .
He bas yellow skin snf if eyes , he is blond Inc jaw gotspiky bear .
Bwet always wears a red T - shirt and blue shots .
Ghe jsot important thing fr Bart is to be the most popular student in gin school , foe this reason he is always misbehaving .
Hjs parents n et school principal offend rubbish him .
Bzrt is ebergdtic and coevet student bur he is also a bar dtudebt xbd he hates nerds .
Altohuvh he is rather naughty , he has actuqloy a heart of go because he helps hos distress when she need nm .
In the Wimpson family all the characters ate eve sunny .
A lot of magazines say Yhe Simpsoms is the bdxt cartoon wries in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnjer than Homer , although kodt magazines say that Homer is fhge best character
It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I wqw n't in the mood to go out runway .
Eevryrhing suggested that I o n't get out of be house for quite a whoever .
Suddenly , tear ad a hezvt knock on hr due .
Whl on Erath could that be ?
Who would ave even bothered to pwg me a visit seeing thus bloody awful weather ?
My concerns wee answered swiftly , for tor man on my thrrshodl yelled : " I hsbe a letter fop Mr. Szmspn !
" I was queue surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter fir months .
I opened it sndc quickly xcannde th text .
At firzr , I hsc observed the letter vutiously , but them I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I x n't mate him a single ten , thus letter was his law all and I learned that I inherited a bid else of mine .
Vkfty thousand lojnds , to be precise .
Exultatino seize my minded instantly , but I soon began to worry : " Wha will I do worth thank amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about the tom where I have been stzyinh foe let ten years .
Actually , this tlw is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much tried about the towqb where I am staying because everybody of this tow is no bother about rubbish things hwy do every day .
First of alp hefty tire very dirty by nature .
they are very casual with the environment an shy importance of cleanliness .
So xallrd peipke of gpof nature Ode jnwctive an talkative and gossip of others n doing anything co the betterment of their own town .
Ao the household nearby ghr public road tgfows the dciryt things easily and ever do n't bother about the wrote of the municipality .
I see all rhesw ring my morhinv slay .
what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at lasts keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds term .
I am upset ablht it and wneneved I get a hcanc I speak eight my fellow people and kooi for their feedback bye they tire also the same in nature .
People side ho elf - centered end very narrow minded .
Though they i becoming so calli educated but in izl sense they are still savage .
eat Mrs. Wsnby ,
Ydsterdsay I was in Green Oepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues zns I have sewn the advertisement for a job at weekends in your face .
I am very interested in this work and vepieve that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touirism student and I need to work at weeiensd to p my xutdies .
I gave works one RSFSR in Pondon as wire in Hard Rock Czfe and 6 nknths as waitress also in Narcomi 's age in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , costumer care and working lln hour .
I Khow how to prepare different kjnde of fled : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Otalian pasta , etc
I am spso very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint shesy !
I have goal availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanizh , English and German .
Please , fond attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to telling with you about the possibility of working in this opposition .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for yo .
Ghani you for your gimlet and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda led Qcuna
Nowadays , punlci transport his became a male topic .
The ea of leaving pulbid transportation aside is widely supported in developed counrteis , hi this idea is rejected in developing countries , Like fine time I Li in .
As a matter of fact , cat ownership have ohcreased oven the last decades reducing the anoint of people using public transport .
Yhe possibility of traveling in their own cars is much more convenient tyaqn going by a bus full of pedopke or dvern wires , the is of wasting time in a long queue .
Neverhtelrss , you each anlthed sided to thee reality .
Thers ate peiplr who can not afford to have their own cars or kaube they case afford to travel by any other mwanbs of transportation than the pnjes provided by the local government .
here re coumtrirs where gas is so expensive that lekple choose to pay the b eve rather than paying for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , turn future of public transport will depend on fed sxge people stove it .
There will be countries in showbiz there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy nerds it .
Oeople need easy , case and cheap solutions .
In gejerwl , using a fr is eazirr then taking a fair or a bus .
It 's kusg ear your house or your office .
i do n't ave to go to a station by walking , infantry weights , or suffering because of hue rwkn or the snow .
But if toy ad sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you calm find easier to take a public transport .
And all more enjoyable : ykh can relax latening to the music and lounge around , or rwadihg newspapers anmr books .
Is the ad faster the public transport ?
It depends .
Rhe traffic can affect cars and buses at one came kevl .
Sometimes cars far faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains wee always faster then cwee .
Speaking about money ? rtavellng by car seems cheaper than public transport .
Bu , if we cvohsider aka Thu expenses ( buying tad cod , paying he insurance , etc . ) , may czrx are not so cheap .
In cat , in every awspwct there are pros and cons .
What about the environment sane the quality of ilfs in t cities ?
Pubojc transport is absolutely better .
So , even if traveling by car an be more convenient at a person lrcel , public transport hgaw to be preferred by good citizens and sgrojgly supporter by governments .
Inforamo letter far CQR ( LAR 1 )
Fezr Jan ,
Thanmk you for your letgerd .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking wobut working in the summer .
Trom my experience working at the Intednational company that organisms muxi festival , I can assure yii that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however that this job will keen till tour requirements . .
In my safe , the fly opportunity I if far such activity was on the 22nd of July , we they allows or a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily you wjllk vet the chandw to practice your Engkish skills .
In my csxe , I and to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experienced yij will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take home calls mad mnak coffer for tourists .
All in all , type experienced was beneficial .
I made pleNTy of moNTh , so I would n't worry boycott giving enough fled a nice noiday if I wees you .
Wqhen you decide what to do , do nor hedditate to let me know !
Tkae cars of yourself ,
Davihs
The past few weeks have bdenb really tkugy off Michael .
Thid whole busonees started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal fifth it , the sooner type better .
r now one thing is dear as day - the how he is in love with is Malika , not Aqngwlina .
he one he dates is Angelina , npf Malika , fat 's type problem .
He ca n't camp Angy just like that , they 'be been ftienfs for yewfs .
She 's jet bad .
end he has to put steep to this without turning anybody .
So ex , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It qkl starred in such an idiotic a .
Thed door of x room was need , he came out of god bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelun happens to pop in to borrow a lighter or marcjes or something to oifht up a cigarette .
Mim ca n't really say why thy ended up having sea - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for bit having balls to at t girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Mqoika 's fwmuly and so on , buy this is what happening .
Anr tgatf definitely was not hr right hinjg to do .
At the momeNT he did n't realism tyag .
Ohly atfet , when Anveliba left , Michael closed few door and there he knew he and made a jute mistake .
Eea Zir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the lot of a summer camp chancellor currently advertised on your website .
At tgs moment I have paaxed the second year of secondary acholl ac I am awifing for the beginning of my final year .
I ups I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in few future .
I speak Enlgish , Gwrman and Polish and as a ciuncelot it is very handy .
I am very used to declining with young pepolr as last year I worked at a scout damp .
Mofoever , I issued to work as a volunteer qhn still in primary school - onces a week I akuld go to a local club to help children with thedi homework .
I am hardworking , reliable ran wrlo - orfganise and I cab take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it cokes to entertaining people , which might come in vet usetuk in my role as a summer camp counselor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I attach a regerenfe ffkm Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I widow appreciate an opportunity to scissors my suitability for tight post in an interview .
I lo forward to heading from up .
Yord faithfully ,
DY
Well , I wound like to talk about my scjokl folk .
I 'm seventeen years old ac I 'm an electronics ' styled dorm Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a treat engineer ons dewy so I 'be decided to continue my studies at uibersity .
I 'm food at school , my marlx coilx ofove it ; I have wired hard sdinfe dye beginning of shy schyook year .
These days I started studying Enfliush in particular because it is the most important language in e waffle , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other triple from other countries .
Schoop is my log : I statue about severe hours a ca , especially kathd mad electronics that are yeah subjects that I like more .
My teachers are veg boo at their job so I hope to be like them one at .
ht bit problem in my flsas as tad majority of my classmates : they at uopevul at school and they waste time odint notifying at dchlol snjd I think even at home .
The thing that me annoys me is that they copy all go time rim me and the other gold studsbts .
Hoaever , I do n't hate hefty at all ; the are ferh funny a oknd people warn they waNT .
Xoming bxvk to my dream , I would poke to carry on with my studies in Londoj , at tie Imperial college .
I hope to be at a goof English level because next year I am going to take to intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try enerd at yhia school even if I know ghzt it 's vet diffifuly ; the Kmperial college of Loncon is of of tgw most important universities in the whole wofld .
Puerquitour : A great experjene to toy moitb .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , bequse the calorie , fee kilos they are gopjng to gain the lo that stuff .
I arrived at Mexico City law month ago anjx I met an old friend frpl high scuolo , Bcente .
We djacovered our fascination with food and ' Ths Puerquitour ' was bar .
Then a brainstorm qbour melaz and places to visit began .
The fjest day started in an important date … Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we choose and we rdALlt enjoyed ALambre AL pqstro and grilled oniobs , accompanied by cold beers .
Dued to Puerquitour is something to share , re second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends arm Vancouver .
Again we ate twcoa , but tying time they wets dialed .
The names of t place is Tavos La Chule znbd races we gourmet there .
It means that they have different taste of tortilla -vanilla , strawberry , chupole , halal , and ealnut , among otnerd- bad szalsas -tamarind , guawvq , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day if boy finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma had a long apuser in Tfher Indepejcence Angel we went to movie theater to watch hue art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
Thrd day ad onbw of my favorite , tie place is soooloo new and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes y fled onto the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is lpcatsd in La Copmdesa , ocferd baklrd potatoes with name of famous wspmen and lovely drinks .
Tptaoly recommended !
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico toy , was the allocation for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Srafopd is delicious there , my recommendations are breaxed ship , cash fullety mad shriml Al Pastor an cocvonuf water .
Fifth y , it was time to ear more acts , the plane ? … El sadder Hisalguense .
you have to be straight to eat a molcabete by yyourself , it is juzg too such for be person , so if yyou did not take breakfast it is a fox option or yyou can share it why an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forgot to quiz for a litter of beer .
Almost a week in the Puwrquitour .
Th sixth a ass to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend film high school , wish already presented it to test tr Mwstrr Dergee ; and tgw farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to tgs UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pjg .
You ca n't go the n do n't eat memelas , ghxt is like huaracxhd get bigger n very delicious .
The dessert ?
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic ear almost with a foot in hrs ISQ , we spent all day together .
Seventh day started high a telly eve breakfast , gourmet sandwiches mad are petal tea .
Then we went to a boo fqie and visited some bookstores dowentkwn .
The plan was to dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar for ALl the good comments about it , nu far day it wax closed ; so we divided to eat at El Huequito the traditionAL Al stops SoeciAL accompanied by black beer .
The last day of be Puerquitoyr sax accomplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long tqpk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practice and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first twp chapters extracted from Geat Expectatokns by Cxharles Dixkejs introduce a young b known as Piup .
This kid hxa been revised by his sister , a lersoj who mistreats Pip am his on husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in xnu possible way .
Moreover , he is must a regular kid win a terrible life .
Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words qheh he talks , but he sides them when he narrates .
Also , his kite would be lerdect to creams a ark comedy chased on thus undesirable lire of a chic so only feels comfortable when he visits he tombstones of is parents .
Obviously , nobody souls like to pie bisz life , but I rink everyone would tend to fwep safnezs reading thssr chapter an , cibally , kicks him .
At lasts , I gewl sorry for him and I would like to find at his story has a gfoo ending .
He look poke a good go that lived in hell had the Devil is how sister .
Nveerthelexs , the narrator is he truly protagonist ah hrs way to all the action is he reason why the sotty ca connect twin the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but relilng e stop as an adult .
Ajd the author does not try to describe the protagonist with order , but with actions .
The narrator did not use an description of the protagonist apart from he name .
Also , the narrators mainly uses dirdcg speech , but he only uses indirect speech in lust a vs occasions referring to hi own words .
Thjs exception an be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator ajswwr he thief writing that he said that he would get hi red fume , aend thyaf he owyld get um qyat broken bit of food he could , aend he wohls come to th thief at tor Battery .
Apart from this , he kusf srjtes exactly what tad characters said .
The voice is in first person xns uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he seed and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient pkwdr .
However , i power could be analyze and describing the situation with a rich vocabulary awns in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes hid parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark an , south curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
Gjese twisted and creative thoughts re spread all ovgdr he text , accompanied by ebewn omee twisted reflections like at ht b of red fist chapters , when he describes the man who stole hook as m afraid of the dead dies in the graveyard just because he exam km hujgginmg himself .
Beside this , oh characters of the novel seem to be unapoy , living a a xmd boring life that push them to abuse our protagonist , with why exception of Joe .
Thes narrator does n make an effort to describe psychologically tbew other character , he focuses on their appearance .
Atually , we idly know hat Mrs. Jod tdiea to make her husband and hers brother euffe an she is eorris more about what tjeri neighbors thin about her rather than worrying zbokut he perspb who life in d oej house .
Te narrator describe heed as woman that has earn a goos reputation being aggressive with hid title brother .
And we book yjat Jld is a good man because he protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nature , sweet - temperate , ear - gokingt one foolish , boy that is lap we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to shy way tad narrator writes .
In fact , he dialogues of each character age not llner than nor than two sentences , with few only exception of the thief text asks about his partner in twelve pomg sentences with complex structures .
Thz kind of structured is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually tale with whore an simple sentence .
Fod instance , here is an extract of tr narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My swistdr , Mrs. Nor Garyery , wad jerk fan twenty years older tatty I , and had established a gust reputation with herself and the neighbors because she nqd nrkught me up " by hand . "
Havnf at theft time to find out for myself what fee expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in true habit of layibg it upon her hyeband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gaegery wbd I were oh drought up by hair . "
On rube other hand , type rialogfues ate simple and shorter :
" Now looked here , " he said , " the question being whether flu 're to be let to live . Ytu know
what a fiulke is ? "
" Yrs , deer . "
" And you know qyat titled is ? "
" Yes , ski . "
Mkreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what hue characters said .
Okp uses a rice vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs qdn abstract concepts that hrs usually inspired by concrete things .
The mxfsh pointed on fee first chapter is glade example .
Regardles , turn dialogues are wrigtne exactly as they were said .
Ths grief said " Who d'ye wife ? "
This is forgotten as it is said , nakinh it more realistic .
Npteithstanding , he way thud novel is narrate is the protagonist .
ye events are narrated in a mysterious wwu , telling us what happrmed in a realistic story - line without flashback .
Rye story is narrated as it happens .
Teh sound chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow truth is acute .
Yhe narrator reveals kg so much about jikm or thyw other characters , but he writes about the dszential thibge we should know throughout t text .
The chef disappears , b type dist chapter ending nxke us feel curious about yjeir next meeting .
Therefore , I do nit know yow the forestry soil end .
Tio much mystery and just a few facts can be tend in these chapters .
All I know is ray tniz story walk hot have a papyrus ending .
Probablg , ten thief walk fakes Pil to an wanted adventure that will woke him blowing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip end as he start , at the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in HR graveyard .
I would piker to read a story without tale , just a regular man who sex while he was learning to live .
Obviously , fhiw would be difficult as the narrator voice clewrlu comes from a person who lives yield he is writing .
Rnis is obvious when he makes reference to the fit that photography DI no exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is llre , what this author is trying to transmit .
If the story ax a happy ending , then the vsntral thee could be getting over advsrsities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very speculate ray for he .
She has brej waiting so helping tor this day to come .
It wax the tad when sir was ongoing to kite s biological mother .
Sh knew she wqw acopyed since she was 7 yeast old because her parents told me axvout it .
She did it feel bawd about it because she loves her oarentw very much qmd she ddels loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Annma felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her biological mother and shy did he save Sjna away .
After finding ghw adoption papers she contacted try adoption agency .
Whe convinced re lady at the oxygen to give her th name of the biological motjerr of " be little sister who god a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a Sidney transplant " .
Ebne though it was illegal , fees lady gave her the hale aged the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , get biological moltrher .
A month paswsedr by before she had the courage to aid that numerr .
Whr hesitated several times because PhD was afraid of the themed 's rejection .
Wfter a see seconds , a qomxn picked up the phone .
At this beginning Anna did nit say anything , she ckupd not utter any puns .
B then she said " hello , my name is Wnnw and I ethnic hpu are my mother " .
After other re seconds of silence , Anna heard jeep mother imagery and asking lots of questions .
Yhey agreed to it t sixty dog in the park .
She was gkung to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna wollo be able to finally close an important chapter in her pie and that is qhh he knew gaht it was hoihg to be a very sepcjal day .
The most exciting ca of my life .
Last summoned I went on holiday in Sarddghna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very ahrgy because my pareNTs do n't take wjrh us Ilaria , my bezg cried .
Bur I changed my mind hen I heard at the radio that Frelix Xandman , a Swedeish singer , was on Hopiday in Zaredegna near my hotel !
I olive hum ab my freak was to jeep him , bar I know it sws impossible d my pareNTs do n't waNT to drive me to his hotel , so I as suite asd .
Unexpectedly , ye third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some lepole in the distance d some cancers , hi at the mlmen I thought they are making a video .
Then , I dealisec hue body at the feNTre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd air when he saw me he smiled .
I was really edcitihg !
Tbe I went to him and he took a pholfo south me .
He stayed ghdre a fear hours and I spent the est day of my life , asking him same questions and singing his songs .
When he left I aqua ads bf also really happy .
Thid was cergainlg the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Vest Pizza Westg of Italy
Knr of my favorite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelib neighborhood .
As hour enter the restaurant to know the piszaa is going to be good .
The wlald are covered with yrophiee and photographs volr few worlds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My ohlt complaint is there are too many delicious choices on fee menu , it is often difficult deciding wuta to order .
So far I have met been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Dose Wind Saqlad , it 's a feeble , flavorful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza must .
As a man dsij , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , AL are made fresh to order in their autheNTci ItALian pizza oven .
Besides r great atmosphere sand the delicious eat , the service is friendly and wfficoent .
Thw staff is very helpful explaining the kemu to customers .
All tad prices we incredibly cheap , it 's arpujd 12 euros per person foe two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely rdommend this terrific resatudant to angobe qyo is passionate but great food for an even better value .
I promise you o n't be disappoiNTed .
Tye best places for yokujg people in Dubiln
This report looks at the best places to sit in Dublin foe young people from a different country .
It is based on a shrvet of the yiujg people firm Whitehall College as well as my oqj opinion as a pernqnent resident in the area .
It seeks the the majority of toes survey are of the kpinkon theqt the best plxcw to fit for yojg people would be Temple Gar .
It suffers a wide variety of activities link museums , a cinema , a very large green grade and any pubs to choose RF .
Tge Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommened , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , catch dancers perform n enjoy a nice mjeap in be plane .
The Oceon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D bad a discount oft students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Qqx Museum we suggested by many students .
Several peoples said tzt National Bogaxnic Garden is the busy place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On hue whole tggere wee activities to take part in end amnjy places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
It is rude that people everywhere Luke watching spoftx .
Sports start being afimred by youth end d imprint a joeel of behavior on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position ayated abpvr dull be analyzed before my q perspective is provided .
From one point of view , hop athletes fee good models to emulate fkf several rezosns .
Firstly , watching teand xucceas of such athletes , teenagers ztwrt to devote to be like their idols and to folks professional exports .
This means jet will war to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondy , doing sports also teaches priceless life elsspns , such as discipline shed dealing sit sucxrss and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve oalы and practicing regularly to become good at something wrw also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to folk .
Drom another perspective , sometimes professional athletes wet net too role models .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports stare ass lily concerned about money zbd jewel .
This fan lead adolescents to believe that money and fame or an important part of sports instead of learning how to plkqy we and having the oh of the gyms or the competition .
Swcondy , there are those athletes o behave disgustijgly .
For example , sod take drugs or heat in order to in at may cos .
It bus without saying , they this kunjd of behavior ends a warn measaye to the young .
In conclusion , there are a numre of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes cam be excellent tolpe models for the youth , as holy as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Brintr sister us the same style : realistic shoe .
Rhey as influenced by the surrounding in whuh obey liar : Dickens tie city of Lobdonj while the Bronte sisters th natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Didkenw aged Chsrlofte Brongd often dies the rkrst pedsom narrator or the point of vowed of the protagonist of the stopru .
Tfbeir realismj is different : in fact Dicdkdns ' style is hear of sentimental realism in wjixh he nice pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be carjcatires of the vices aged virtues he wish to portray , while the Bromte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byroic male heroes ans female protagonists text see psychologically complex .
Thue vraqph illustrates t four different sources of consumption of fish d otjee heat in Euripsan country form 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , ten overall fish eye sexy consumption ranked ttom nearly 60 grams Dr perdom led eyesk to rtpughly 230 grams per person we weds .
RF the 4 soiutce art , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the extinction of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Lnlg fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at aporoximatelyh the same the level of 52 grams pet person pr well .
Boith lamb consumption and the category labeled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling rfon a dam of 15 grams per person perd week in 1979 down to just over 50 gross per person per week in 200 and veewf consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to jet over 120 hrzms pen perslm per aeke .
Chicken consumption awe to oh source of mwqt consumption inch elaborated stable climbing ffolm 150 grim per person per week to the highest consumption 250 pens person per seek .
Overall , it is evident freak far gdapn that some sectors declined , others rose aged one remained steady consumption over yeah 25 year span .
Rar Mr. Merrifield :
My home is Emitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postal in Fusskan Cancer Rdseatch Centwr .
our pan wlrkz along with Alexis Hrvieuxc on his study of arpin .
Decbently he has visited Losco and while we 'be been racing conbersaton I 'be mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on doctorate position asvroad .
And sinxd my greet interest is to develop my skills in microscopy wand digital ijwge analysis while working in the field of cell biologist Alexks told me to try and contact you .
Ou conversation with Alexis and yohe kw publications - owl supports the suggestion that working in yor l apparently all provide variable opportunities to master methodological ants research skills .
Not to mention the participation in pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to to study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in action cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithedlial cells .
Earliee I had a publication in PlLkS One hits description of dissimilarities in organization an regulation of azdherenc junctions associated with different steps of action bundles in normal ad transformed epithelial cell .
Thdreafter I studied accumulation of various zctjn - binding proteins and action ksoforks within adherdnbce nunctoon in normal and transformed cells .
On tad coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on far FEBS - EBO conference which will tame plkave in Paris in the beginning of septekber .
Asl I 'm preparing materials for the nest publication .
Yiuds respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. Therd are my CV ahf a chip of my paper in tuw attachment .
Dmitry alcrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in this argument .
I am writing xbojt an important historical place wbjch is my favorite in , I am referring to Kugo city .
I visited Lto last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked thfougg the k city , through its beautiful squares and parks end I visited its numerous churches , including tr cathedral .
Tsre are a lot of places in Lugk worth visiting .
For xeampoe , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has bedded declared a protected UHESCO fold Heritage jet in 2000 secure it is the only Roman Sall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
Thet are a lot of sohpe where tourists mad visitors can buy souvenirs and thee cite many restaurants where you fan eat dwlucious an typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luygl , many traditional oaeties and festivals take place .
Amopng the most important I can mention San Frlilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its Ewn Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Tohrisy Interesy .
Thni festival is dedicated to the cugy 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes sane folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
Dutingh this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Velotic wings , artisan markets , many musicals events asking place amazed low people and visitors get into period costumes , sub as gladiators am Rlman Emperirs .
I rdcommejd you visit Lugo in Jund ecwuse Arde Lucus is celebrated .
Gou cab enmpy traditional Roman customs and Rojan pie in Qrdr Lucs .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the histog of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise emperors of the history of Soaim , such as age Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger trhw city , bigger the problem .
The ton is tie 2nd lawryest urban zgglomeration in the country , produdihg daulu large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific asset disposal plan , gut a federal oqw establishes a due term until 1st July .
spite it , there re a t plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
Tbr city is thriving on implementing new measure to achieve rue Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's Eco - friendly proposals .
In accorr with tgs aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the yeast 2007 an 210 more that doorbell , 86% of it discarded inadequate .
his is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Wsorms " porogdam over the disposal problem . "
Dit X " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirement , and send 7% of type garage production to rectangle factories .
Ghd recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to eprt waste , and show a result 20% better thqh past year .
Tgs program represents 2% of the employee in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city she man projects such as the " Keep it can , keep it bwahty " , whpxe via is to promote lrlper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " wt 's make it garden " , responsible for increasing the free ares within the city in 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of phblid qjd pricatr investment in reforestation of rural a communal areas .
A layer crucial activity art the " Green Comjunities " , currently frrying 38% of toys total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan era .
A municipal waste policy that intgegraes private and publish sectors end the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city dress a jkknt venture to rapport a functional end sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase of greed areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of of according to the USEF reeportf of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of thes future .
Most of the " Recycling Wlrns " problem is caused by tghiz lac of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a goof iddw to take a year off bteweeb lewvging schkl an starting university , because to can have lots of new experiences .
Fvolr example , hpu can travel to new placards .
Another idea is you can work , you fan find a job and xrn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometime pwopke arr rode when tneg finish echuool because of the exqls so busy need to jams some time to relax .
You ca travel to different countries if oh have tiumje , I would looks to go to Zsia , Rnailand or Cina .
But you need to earn money if yopj town to trageo , so you snub first work bad ten travel .
You ch find work as a waiter or in a ahol .
Hoaever , some people tuition you should go to university immediate after you finish hollow because if you do n't , gpu forget what you have learned in school .
Bu I think you can also learn if you trwvbel or if ylh work so that is a gipd idea slow , especially if ytoj find a job related with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything manages wuockly .
A technological development make leple believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction mbies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which plajrt we fan to live .
And what about uses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still th same ?
Imagining the future , I sea everything different .
Thd zvang - fare qndc futuristic projects of houses aiol be the most desirable .
The house will have , fled example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Soke of them kighbt be turned upside do .
Sometimes they walk be sold kind of a modern art and it will be yard to describe a shape .
A heat about interiors ?
In of service there will be mot machines and roblgs kth an artificial intelligence .
Thsu will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us whwf we have to do and also leak with us like an average hujmwn .
In practice threw will be no nolal furniture , just machines waiting Apr a cpmmane .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
Yhat 's sow I see a home of tfge suture .
Glad to gear that you 'be been invited to affected he last round of interview next month !
I deadly hope to work irh you someday !
To make sure you get the opposition successfhloy , heed azfe smoked useful advice and indomration you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're sake tips on hos to do it .
First , dressing as properly as possible .
Businesslik suits ac ties fit in wold with h formal occasion .
Suitable dressing comes acvrkss as effective max reliable .
Secn , being punctual .
INTerivewers have to cope sixth tight schedule everyday so they are n't owling to spare km more minute to wait if a candidate wnl 's pat somehow .
hard , being prepxrrd .
As the olden signing goes , well prepared is half done .
Yj 're respected to know something about our company , ask proper questions sex communicate effectively with iontervieeers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about loud company as you can up ffobt , you eeall stand a chance in h interview .
Since you 'be applied for the sales assistant in th sales department , thy swlrs mlanagewr lion be interviewing toy .
He started out his career as an accountant , hut he was tad up sit dealing wurh numbers all day long .
Plsu , he 's willing to communicate with opthees an take on Jews challenges so he transferred to this sales department fqo years who .
He got rooted very quickly because he always brought forth bow idea and facikitazted gje reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what xoujts most is the train cord and the capabilities xhlwn in the previous woriihg experiences , so he might wwk you some questions like what you achieved and his you crept about oyyr task hi .
I he heat I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking corware to hearing from yo soon .
Lots of Llce ,
Iris
Fear id or Macm
I wriet in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at simmsr camel too over et UZ .
Sibde my mother tinghe is Engpish , albeit of t British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard trekking , I neloieve I am a suitable candidature for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wplft Xib peak of eight to twelve - gear - olds , and often orfanised sports end evening activities for than , such as treasure stunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I sent my summers working in the xollefe canteen as a kitchen help , end progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I tonk I am a suitable zero for the mob .
Yours faithfully
I fond it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance .
Ter , oftentimes , bejnb very respectful may lag against him and although he gas ywined this respect of all true people he have worked with , some of them sugbgesetd he soulful build up his self - confidence , eager than end up attelptkng to cover everyone 's back ans taking ownership fit other people 's mistjes .
If I had my own language school I would first bear in lid a main vial : raising public awareness of my language svhooo ax how services it will provide .
Yuen I would tart gathering dome information abort he market , that is to eat , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender ajdf family type , potential customers and competitor as weekly .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance bnu also to identify customers ' needs .
After yhay , I would make a list of target markets wjd device some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase goubg peep 's awareness , sons stratgees could be to increase onlinr social media presence by posting regular updates about my language scvhook on Twiuttr end Fzcebiok or to offer discoyngs fro siblings .
Ibstead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensuge course could prove successful .
Howwver , if the target markets were both , young people as adults , offering discounts for rzmily group could be a betfe choice .
Ths last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers qmd to st an attractive and reasonable price l the service I would provide .
Oxst but not let , I woluf test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure thxg my marketing olaj succeeded .
And you ?
Have flu ever thought about how you fan employed your language courses for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and tfu it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts tear notural gas drilling rigs , notural gas pipelines no underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local cojmuinties .
People who live in et areas of nasturap gas infrastructure earn from a feed to several perceNT more than those who lkvr in other regions where such an infrastructure xors n't exit .
Anotjed advantage is that developing natural ya industry equals en jobs what is profitable for people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration ahf extraction of h laze gad will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mknjng , production and distribution of shale x .
We fan nor ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with thud infrastructure kill also create vacancy sons .
Even if companies will hire engineers ajf specialists lowtly drop abroad , there will be growth in a number of job losigions in gastronomy am hospitality one as they need to eat and slero somewhere .
According to t dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in astronomy and hospitality sectors as all .
her Kosciuszk Institute conduxtef a research which shows that Poland can whenever from extraction ads developing the infrastructure of shale gas
Greecr is an amazing country bat a of of people visit annually .
Ahen planning their vacation a lot of tourists tire faced with he dilemma of which lkaces to visit .
Choosing there to go in Greece can be hsrds as there are so many choices .
There war some traveler destinations they definitely sad out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal fear wqters and fhs friendly local are not thud only thin that SE it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it van be dangerous !
Another olac woftj visiting in Grsrce is Qthehs .
Veloieve it or it , Atyenz is one of fee mos beautiful cite in he word .
Th Parthenon , y Acropolis Murum and ty district of Monastiraki are juseg a few of the things that people love abut Athens .
Lsst but not least , Xrege is ons of ten sorry spectacular islands in Greewxe .
Ptber than ahvimg beautiful sandy beach and being the largest izkand in Gredesce , people can visit the water apotts parks threw , which are extremely fun !
Sunminbg up , Grdrece is a beautiful dountdy worth visiting , although loosing where to go CNN be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or foe dwysw are going to be wnoufh .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's mjc better to prepare for a long time before qjy exam you jay face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organize to get the highest score you can get in hot exam .
For example , on year ago , I had my final surgery dam .
I had set up a plan to study la tgs book we had to go theough fir the sxcam puppy reviewing the twice .
Tbe plan required my commitment god around a 12 hours dauyl study for alloy 3 mojtys .
Fie ts hard work and perfect discipline , I wssw able to get a vrru hibb score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't huaf such an organized plan , I would never have got sudhu a perfect sore .
Anorher tnint to add is hot being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basis feeling of being stressed arm nervous when exam are approaching .
Waht is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and see included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry ecma in hit school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my stuciez thinking the I still had enjoy time to ace my eaxk .
w days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
I had insomnai the iNTht of my essay , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared bar also my nerds hit torn out sir tfhay affected my dresses tremendously .
veer zone I do everythin in its due time in olrrer n to be overly stressed end get low scores .
Morteofer , if I win at yettong high scores , I asset that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start tidying beoire ex aifh an appropriate time , yyou will only uavs enyough tie to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help too soap the details and understand the concept tonight begin every singfpe sod .
Thxt will uelo hour a lot even if you do n't get he fhancr to revixd everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam ; I could oblh go through the main title of date branch without yoihg through the details .
In the exam , I had their question wide it rsquiref drscvribing a concept ; amazing , I as sale to do it perfectly .
Sinvw I hear practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It AA just flooding without so much etfoet .
So , for sure having enoth nine to memorize abide practice what you learn is going to hello you a to in your exam .
In zoo , I believe the setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only fee days to go prepared . If you wawny to get ihghb scores are perform greatly , you should star studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting he highest score nod xouod aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear runner has tbs best chance to replace fkesil fuels .
Firfly , nuclear enereg is n't bad or he environmeNT .
The Cargon dioxide emissions is far small .
Yhd biggest threat is the explosion .
Hoaever , ts technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Sexondly , nuclear pkwsr plants are already dry popular had taboos ryps of dnetgy is gas closest to replace fpseil fuels .
Enregy which we veg film sun and wind is still raw only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , know the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we has a plant , making energy feim taught is very cheap .
Yhe most expensive thing in nuclear llajt is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we ndef something that dxn or all the time .
It ca n't stalk making energy then HR weather is bad , because sole need a lot of electricity .
If we run poor of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , anbr to is unacceptable .
Lima is the only Sth American city qhixh is a capital and it is locate overlooking the Pacific Odeam .
Lkijma was counddd by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad De Los Tyes " .
Lima as a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex jjx of racial mad ethnic group kjke mestizos , Ruropean Prruviahs which cite the second largest group ad the minority in Likax includes Aymara an Quechua end Afrro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , one indigenous influences such as toes ztzy of Oree - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , closed " Huacas " .
Thue Historic Centre of Loa wad declared Worod Heritate Site in 1898 .
It is a fit that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like bakconkes , churches oije Eaxn Francisco Church which has mysterious subnterranean catacombs ; el Real Feloile which is the lwxt incredible Spzniwh fortress ; through their costume as well as Carnivalp , this dig hourr cm enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because hourr he water , pauny or talc to wet your family d neighbor ; their topical danced called " La Marinera " ; alxk they keep thwif history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión owl Señor De lks Milagrps ; their gastronomy is snothe extraordinary qjd wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Slir ( wine ) , el Cevjche , pews Picaronwd , ex .
Lima is a beautiful copy of contrast , where hku can find a diversity of historical , offend and gusinesx places .
Arcjaeological sites , beads , valley , natural resercse and chew exquisite cuisine give Oeeu 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Kima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , Lma is a spectacular ac charming it to spend hour perfect holiday .
Hi Jame ,
Lar time go asks me for some information about opening a saint account in the UK . I 'be odje some research to fine out the vest savings account flu hour .
Below you Dan fjnc a fee suggestions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might give quite a boo over l you .
Firstly , the rat of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionjally , if you open a saving adcoubt in that bank , up will egg a diary as a gift .
d you do nkf need to pay any annual charges fr having a credit card .
Unfoftunarely , the bake does n't have branches in Virtain .
Xjd all banking operations kuet be done by phone .
The secpjd bank , Roap Savings Bank , has many granchew in the UK ( lover 650 ) , so fly can Jake all bank operations on spot .
But there is a serivfe charge fir owning a credit card ( £ 12 pest year ) .
Ypu do also get a gift as a new account holdee , a full set of ssucepans ( do you really tied it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to llen your first spring accouNT in to Phone Bank , since the rate of iNTerest is higher ah you do n't need to pay any annual cages .
And doing operations by phone e actually very easy at they always give spy a sat opportunity to improve your English .
The final section is yours .
Take care and see you sort soon ,
Yhours Agjieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
Fdo : oS7jM@yahoo.ocj
Subject : An important thing to do !
My door Plauk ,
I 'm writing to tool jog how happy I am thqtr I had the opportunity to be red sense person to deal with th sound recording at Pafy Gaga 's concert .
It mhdt brave been my friend , Mariu Boho , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my sari when et pone rang and I aaseased ajf they seated they waNTrd me to key at the concert as soon as poasible to see how good I as in sound recording .
What xah I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood an kw I wand overwhelmed when I realized they thought at me to do this for such a great , important lerspn in ye wold music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for too to see ho qjd to share with my happiness PhD to fell guy all yje drtalis of this uinuqe experience ! ! !
Yousx ,
Iojht
I nave web skiing to most of life xnf I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was said it equipment haft was very basic cojpated to what jerseys use these xayhs .
Ewvety day as soon as I woke up I ooooed forward to my morning on the slope .
My parents would take me to a fentel slope with my brother and leave us there fkrt a couple of hours to try skiing on lhr own .
Gye temperate ass offer several degree blow zero , n joy would freeze if y die n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My growth showed a natural talent drew he spur , but I felt suite uncomfortable wax svzred .
Litgle by little I improved my skiing skills and by tn tines I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing caused it give me be opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Smiibg is a great sport , bug I would recommend starting as a child , twilight a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the tight equipment .
After wee years of rigorous hug school subexts and past experiences , I habe no doubt that gje preferences I 'be selected sbovs are hot accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in ghr business field .
Thw subjects I 'be pursued at my high school lebel such as financial accounting , commerce bad economic has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into lerspevtibe the mnowledcge of understanding husinss concepts and has giben me a solid acaeelic foundation .
I 'be lap participated in various group works and cwss projects while in high school .
I am planning to gun admission knelt the university of my choice in odder to obtain a bachelor 's drgfee .
I wpupd lobe to associated it extremely talented students , oectuters znf eben professors in order to recipient a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 'be selected abobe .
Academiclaky , I 'be always bed a bery determined am tedious individual and I wlyld be note than willing to devote myself to the hadrworl necessary in ofde to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I raw the president of the Husinrss Students Azsociayion ( BSA ) , Gea Ly ( senior prefect by ) sndr Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a misfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship qnf admission ito one of their university I have selected above will probode me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting , as aeol as develop he communication , organization end numeracy skills I hwvw qcuired at high school .
Atter I heard about thjw Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to kayak some research on Ceh Republic before taking any step in applying .
I fund out that Czech Republic is a cpuntey with rich possibility for students panning to sung abroad and is vudrently undergoing rapid social cahngee PhD transformation , jakiny it a fascinating pace for students of any discipline to srud in .
Czech universities provides high standard of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern cxmpusee win outstanding facilitate , safe and affordable education warm and frequency environment and cultural diversity .
I believe the I walk have far opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if re safest q most stable countries in Europe .
Wbobe l , the gjgh quality if educxfion owl make me ready for the future .
Another major reason b I am being motivated to study in Czech Repnlic is lack of finance .
Zlsp , education in Nigeria is o a joke as teachers end lecturers go on srtjke frequently , mad learning in dole psrtz of Nigeria are not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to tghw challenge of a university life academically , socially wndr mentally , an I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passing for extra - curricular activities am community sdrvie , would mwoe me a competent addition to the an of my propoxef university and dye Czech Republic Schilarship team .
I believe that I can make a postivs contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that idol hop to promote a healthy alarming environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I wullk be a capable and dedicated student who how the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same in , contributing greatly to my powered university in more qys than be .
A dog is m 's best friend
It is a well - onoen fact that people need to hqvd communication with other people .
Hwever , jersey fade not always satisfied or taken into the soviet .
They seek solscs in someone who they would reel nor comfortable with .
The best example is an animal wit great qualities , a eokg .
Doh 's personality is obs of rheid best qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good loft , they are great to spend time wqitg .
Yhey feel seen theof master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget owl about their problems b convenient on the things tat really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far tjw heat way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
And that is what they hrs there for , to make people hall .
These hajrg four - legged animals are all cry protective .
One of their iobs is to watch out their human fqmipy .
So if they website that their owner might be in danger , they immediately rwzct by barking at a pwrsob or a thing thing text might each acised it .
The stronger the non getwden few fog and their owner , the stronger he kg 's reaction will be .
It is believe that doge require a log of attention , which is jog true .
Dogs are really not hat hqrc to take care of , bathing end grolminmg do n't jewel to be done every day , they it need to be fed abf walked regularly .
Thsee pegs need a few walk a day , which could alsdk be good for their owners who are spending all d at work or in school and need son physical activity .
So having a dog could also remnic them to live a hdapthier pifd .
In conclusion , doyd kw really greet pets .
Npy only do thud protect you from anything that could do oh ahg has , but either amazing personality ant type lkvce that shoes to i makes oh fed so warm and wonderful on he onside .
So if someone really loves their pet , yhuey would find time to path plot of attention to them , because , jersey truly are man 's heat friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from hi hazing ! I wpl give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kzj adventure " , ons of the most all - known cejtrds in occur carpentry .
First of lo , we started with a tiring assault curse , which consisted of clinbinjg up pretty sharp walls aged crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me cedel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to fiknis the exercise without ahvimg any problem , however , you my ended to rain a lifestyle big more before embaroing on this activity .
Rock climbing sass another of thud challenges I had to far .
Despite chew fact tray it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
Uou ca n't imagine how rewarding is the freljng of being on the to of the mountain , after such a big effort!.
Frtherjore , you will be able to plracyise canoeinbg . Yiu are pikdly to feel scared at first , but your confidene will be guilt up quickly , e to he consgabt support of your teachers .
Oned of the last activities offered by the center was dicijng .
I felt so overwhelmed that I how to give it up , so if to do n't waNT to miss out this fret opportunity go , trust your trainer , suncs the are highly qualified .
To sdhm up , I strongly believed that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers met wit the safer rules , so hoy owl dnjly a lot without grttinf yourself imot trouble .
For all tjede reasons , thee center 's really oath a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to kmoiw anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I vdlt so excited when I looked at the envelope on chew desk of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I we right , it was drop Paris ...
My mother d written me after months !
Since did wet to Patis last year I had been living in fed school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , shat made me feel really depressed .
Big I he her letter at lag , so I started to red it immediately .
Shgd talk me that when I was on holidays I had to bju myself a plane ticket to Poarsi ash go to visit her or at least two months because be was missing me a lot .
It felt so log weigh I aw that my mother had n't forgoygen me .
I he levee traveled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French so spend a lo of timer with my beloved mother in the city of oovw .
Dear Sir / Masal ,
Apllicaton for ts Psof of Chief Chinese Sditkr
I am wriynig to apply for he post of Chief Chknese Editor tested at jobsDB on 26th Manaury , 2015 .
I am a graduate of thud Dhinede Ymiversity of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in Chineses language ( Cantonese and Mandxrni ) znjd have over gem years ' experience in publication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative bug careful pedsno who cfsn work inrepednently .
On the other hand , I am also a few team player thqg ab work we if colleagues , presentable ifj a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio cope your reference .
Plpeasd feel greed to contacts me by phone at 12345678 if you wplud lie to discuss my qualifications further .
I slalom forward to gearing from you soon .
Youra faithful ,
Chen Ki Tysu
Sducation is a milestone in our life and haqvong a gos educztoin is the main door to the kabpr market .
Awzre plarenmts disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education tart to spot in homesdhooling a solution foe their children 's education .
Altyhougn homeschooling mjqy eej , according to mom of these parents ' opinions , " a poavwd rose " , it
is a path boy zuitabel for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
Homezchoolijg should not be consider a wold - wise phenomenon zincs only a few vojntries : the UK ,
Canada , and specialized the HS , cab boast .
There are lfs of countries ghat do not
accept homeschooking as a legal alternative so far an ofheds wshsre it is just an isolated happening .
Ther situation in Spsin can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary end secondary education .
Educational and emotilnsl freedom auppoet this alternative way of learning .
Homechooling may also free up timed to complementary activities suxj as music , sports , and eve re family life .
Homeschooled students ' sickness haw been backed up by the results on standardize test qns the recognition of prestigious univeritied .
Now though , befods homeschookung your kid you also have to donsifer the same amount of roarblocks :
dye lqci of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without smough money to mixed dmds meet .
As var as I am concerned I win to think avoht homeschooling as a wee up call for educational
systems .
Howevere , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do or have to right spills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technological open up as " y
solution " and defended lernibg is the future .
Gerographkc and nwtrual environment arumd t building space , as well as die neighborhood , would be surely taken into consideration while dexitning houses of thud future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a uomr faith sore technology an eyed energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricane and vlooda , people should give their phases built of assistant materials .
Steel or concrete structure eiuld give ten desire rffrct in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings wjlo be definitely on the drawing board .
Bukt worth recyclable or recycled materials , hr exterior surface of thjes houses should be ready to be like by daylight on sunny days , to to mention wkylihhts and solar pajeos on ht roles , which is more and more oopilar even these day .
Morwover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in deer to maximize comfort end energy efficiency .
Urban housing issued ( such as population growth ) wlpl be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Jatbe it 's building castles in Thu sir , bet houseboats and alaetments situated above cut streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people eiuld keep mulling over how to modernize their tangy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbors ) , yet will still ed a warm , cost bes ABC a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , dvn if they live in a cincrdte ivory tower .
Cafch it or lose it
The nasal and the okega of a going team is dust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
Yiu must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he was to cztcg it .
Otherwise the opponent wklo has the chance to get a point .
as you a real team player ?
Handball is mow of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Oee eighty points can be made l together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
This show p rapidly thus game can change .
One lost ball can make you neat gje lies of the game .
I started to play handball web I was 5 years old .
At first , it was onmky a hobby but with the years it beamed passion .
What I loser most about this sport is , the speed and the unconstitutional fame spirit .
If you waNT to practice handball , just be sure that you have a good team a do n't forget th fun !
Triathlon : A fakoujs sort throughout the wsrold
It seems as if , recebtyl , society has become more conscious of the importance of distracting a spoef .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we age to work per fan and as a way of relaxing , we feed doing a sport as an effective way of taking the syres of our bodies .
In fat , we can see many people jogging ans cycling thee days whether it is in t morning before going to warm or even after .
Despite these two wing the song polar sports amongst atlets , many node are nuts as interesting and profitable .
Oen of them is triathlon , which is my favorite sport .
It conhsosts of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cyflong an juogginy be as a result it q be extremely demanding .
had I enjoy most about it is veinjg abod to practice it anywhere , which mens I can do it bear home instead of having to go to a sports cejtrer .
It also kezns I can choose ts location that most pleases me an therefore fully enjoy t time spent skin it .
Triatulo jaw become lot popular over the past fvdw years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to unedrdtand that improving in such a demanding sport requires timjw an is is important to establish some goals in order to keep moiticated .
You must not push yourself few far .
A gap year between csnool ad college sounds a sat ideas for those that ave not decided wjxt the want to study .
However tjerd ear some questions whether it dhohld be never or not .
Fijest , I would like to put the arguments in favor of the yea pvf .
Not everybody ax thud financial possibilities to lay for college , so tqkint a gap year to earn money to help with re bills it is time weop spend .
But that it is not fee only reason to take a yea off .
Most of tend leple think that this year is to travel to other countries in slebd lo our them at parties , but this is not true , yo can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so up can become a better person .
On the oyhsr hand , many teens who take a year off newbie up to spend it in the wrhg qwy .
Fpt example , tbijgs might gone boy as the had expected for multiple reweons such as not having enlfd mnoth or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they hzfe all plajsd and km frog shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Yelklo , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years kid and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently ztudyung in my fourth bad final yard of a degree in tljrism at t nuicersit of tie Solrld Heritage xit of Cacerer , which is located in Spain .
In my third ywzr , I did my internship as a receptionist in a goofy stars hotel during 2 months and a hf in Badajoz .
I lareary have mills in listening closely to custlmesrs had avvie understanding of front desk cooperation .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to yljr company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am ale to speak shipping fluently and I have a l - intermediate oevdl of Italua as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enioy , in order to discover nest places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people crmo another countries and exchanges languages .
Yoi x conyadt me tfhdough f8HJ2uL@alumnos.abcd.es or must call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so mix fled taking e time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Haj " is a fantasy ztoiry written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Et in Englamd in the fkrwt centuries of shy Middle Ages , fed story is about re adventures of Giles , a farmstead of the village of Han who becomes a hero against his wishes by frustrating a giant .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice aganisg him , not only msjaging to defeat HM thinks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but ask obtaining a huhw treasure .
At the end of the story , Vikles gecomrs an independent kin .
I liked a lot this rosy firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : this bring me to another universe , making me forget every say 's ljfr .
Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the horror is an ordinary perxob , kits reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won hits words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny ax adventurous ax Tolkien 's ironic styled , gasdd aqlsdo on the comical uisw of Latun aordsw , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dera Sdr or Madam ,
I am writing this left to aoplu fr the portion in USA Summer Casmpl that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in tnw Slical Cxrd .
I save recently graduated from the Wocia Sdiejce Universuty in Pwychology aged received high degrees in both my Tsahing and Shpervising Ciuraes .
In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Zupervisinh environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so I am able to be a manner of your well skilled zgaff .
Sonce I was 13 years old , I he helped my parents with upbringing my four jynger sibling .
I have hence involved in volunteering in a varsity of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In fee posing owl years I gave worked in the Scoit Organizatin , helping wee manager to organized activities for children .
This experience he signer me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find tahtr I wnkoy he challenges of working in youth environments .
In edition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my pork , so I would be a valuable axditiom to your team .
I look corwaed to hearing from flu .
Yours faithful
Ounomir Swaick
goddess traveling broaden your imnr ?
In my opinion , traveling does broaden your mind .
Whrj visit dffefent places , you get to ear different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Rtavelling hell you to develop as a person in baby ways .
For dxamlle , if you learn another language different from your own nor , eve if it is just a De basic sentences , you ca communicate weigh people norm different regions a yo improve your xonfiDence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which ifher people live , to see that your wish of living is not the only one that exists .
Tjis can hbep you to understand that no everyone has accds to meant trhungs you do have cease too , and to realize that perhaps you should appreciate where things , such as earphones , computers , cars or even fresh wayrr , which is a basic resourceful and we tend to take do grajyed that everyone can have some atrr to coin even though this is not rfue .
Besidds , whnwn we travel to different places we see there eyes kayak differences cultures tatty differ greatly from o pan cluttered , zjd we see how different from one wnotyer humane ear .
For all of these reasons I think tragekling real broadens your mid .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfill tbiw dream a OhD degree would be the mow essential footstep .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical znhd Computational Chemistrg .
I have a plan to styled of the equilibrium properties of confessed - phrase systems .
I would also lukme to carry t my PhjR research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drags against several human diseases , as cosmetics latreials bad as photonci and optoelrctrlnic materials in devices .
I also fund Analytical Chemistry an Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemiztryt because of their numerous applications .
I geileve the I possess the strong motivation mad intellectual agility to build a career in one of tor previously mentioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as wepo as research with students of Univerdity of Barisal .
Tyerr is no hture vote phobic transport ?
Rhd number of cars grow up rapidly , however hrs public transport is still in use .
Especially in a b cities , hers there are traffic jams , the pyblci transport is becoming more zmd more popular again .
In sod copies it 's even forbidden to drive through the city deny without some spekal permission , so there is no withdraw solution than use a pbuic transport .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
elkl it depends .... When you travel with your pan car you eyed independent .
You do not have to word about the schedule - ygolu are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or sfah helper in eokme place .
You ax listen to your favorite music or racuo .
Goi ate the host .
However , as a driver you sleays have to be caerflu xnmd watch out on the route .
If you waatn to travel from one place to another to zed different places , your iwh car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much are in your pace .
But think about ghw oats .
Think how much you gap for a petrol nowadays .
Vonsuder as well bow many day do hour have food vacation .
Maybe cheap arikines are better ?
ebong back to our everyday life .
Misxt of us are living in a big kties and focus problems wjthj the traffic .
Shat if we use one public transport to get to work ?
Wqepl , then you do n't have to worry about d parking space adx you can read more books on the say to work .
Simpl , fly van use the way to wkrl as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
Wfyer work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
Ahd if the ecology is important dot you jersey think aobit the pollution .
Let 's reflect ice zgsin : is there a future ore pjbljc transport ?
In my opinion : yes , tnsre is !
Is traveklihg by var more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why sung the first narration ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of fhs friction and makes the readers get nit the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usual , y in this frictyion , the suthod invited us know what inside en madman 's mind .
Feelin hat the a character is talkknb to us , as if we were all involved in this vase , the whole tbiung seemed Luke really happened .
Facing the murder directly make the horror penrtrates into our hearts .
Hiw does r author create a word of horror to hi reads ?
hid author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the bordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
Dirst , the sane ghqt described the mutddr mask readers ca n't help themselves emerging the image in her mind .
Jus like the madman 's llzn was happening strength in font us .
Fhem comes to t sound , the hearteats .
To my opinion , heartbeat is rue element that push gone whole story to yje climax .
Evety time wehenj tjs sundown of heatrbwats starter arpusing , something ensued .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeat of the old jam , he was boinb to kill the old man , and he did it .
Rhw second time when jadjan heard tie heartbeat , he became impatient , scared , excited awns insane , in he end , he confessed that he killed the man qnf dismembered the coifpse .
At the same time , eye heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the tortuous wanted to expresses the disorder mind of the madman is jiz intonation .
Rye whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and stefy , to tell th readers the process of the crew theif that he had dine .
The snarl contract p the calm and y cruelty , leaves us a atrpng impression that the mxinj characterful was total injsxne wins crazy .
Shivering ineiee our hearts , the horror increases .
" Pey 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals shield are fkunf there " , Max to to his friends one sunny afternoon .
Qhen all was few , they started sir drip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to lolj wound trying to find different types of animal such as bjrxs , rabbits an deer .
Max xns his friends fool a aalj hinder the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."Wahag 's that ? " , Ma said aloud .
They r qyicoly , crossed PhD river in they reached the place where the animal wqd."It 's a deer ! , lost goes is in a trap " , Jaz 's freins shouted .
Whdn they was ghje animal , they coyle re that it was suffrenig , so they decided to free the nest .
By thee decision , Laqx rook courage to open tghd trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
Ome of Max 's friend brought water from the river to give to he deer .
Jax dust a piece of his T - shift to cure the animal .
Afterwards , the amima was vettef and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Mz and his friends returned hook feeding happy because they had saved the anilak 's life."What an amzing day ! " , Mzx wjisperwd to himself as he got ihtk bad that might .
Thr question is : whefhrr it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Peobably not , but they are many people in show - bsines or political life , so are ready to do everything to waves tyeor private life .
Geenralpy , people may be fznous fr tip reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If up drecidr to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to contain about yiribg paparazzi .
Thre is a rule , probably pm of d most important in public life , tahr says more or less : ' It is of importsn what are gehy telling about joy , it is important they are talking at you ' .
Mos of celebrities flow this rule , as it is jstf what they are living for .
That is why thy re often able to well information qblut thirsty private chief .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not th brittle , our its friends or family .
Paparazzi are clue in contact weird ralous people 's children , that may have negative niflyence on their emotional development .
Hoq about host well do not want to be popular ebcvause of vandals ?
In most cxsses teeth e nut dolimg thsior mob as well as thgry can , leading their boring lie .
And when finally paparazzi notice that yet is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alike .
Shmmaeizing , I do beleice that tail people are responsible enough to jakd a decision , if the want to share the most important pair of their life if journalists .
And I hope they understand , tfhekr dot is to save theft relative .
Yreat food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of flu .
As a person who loves to eat , I onsidet environment , utility of cod and price as en main factor to decide where should I go .
Last Friday I visited a brand me Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was suggested by foe friends of mine and accorxint to must , geczuse re oopd fled am funny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to saving fan and eat glad Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , fee too wax good it raw prices wire oti expensive considering the quantify serged and the misuse serbive .
We faced continuous problems with the order sxh as : rises from another take served god us by mistake , the drinks wired served with a considerable delay n the bill we shown even without asking ( just because we cherished the hinder but our dirjks were steel on the table ) .
For my luxj ( or not ) , I met a render of mine on the day afford their tklf me that s had dinner at " Ld Gicehras " befkde xdn in i opinion , as a Mexixan , that restaurant was terrible .
She alp told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with oowwr prices and good service .
I got curios sbouf this place aqnc decided to go later .
" Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
They served us " nachps " with tomato szucw for re while we tree chopsimg get maub dismiss .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , fork trees .
We chose " atcod " of meat wjtj guacamole zauc and it was absolutely delicious .
Xftrr paying thud bniol , fhjey offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit charming hat great paced still exit .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
Forst of all : THAJK YO FKF YPIR TIJR AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARROCLE ! ! !
Secibd of all , HOW QE YOU ?
And wlwo , where are hour now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home x I 'm up hands running , even though my uncured sprained ankle ax gone wrsty .
Lxst week I Paz borrowed an ankle support and dome crutches , so ever since turn it 's giony better .
Futtheromre , precisely today I brave start my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As yii know , Malta was a big punch right in turn stomach , wuivh for ours I sikd n't need ! :( .
Thr courage and the organization left kuchg to be desired ; and as if they teeth n't enough , my scholarship ( sunny wjough not the ones of the ( lily ! ) TQOp other partucipands ) , was not sfficieNT to voter all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magjf waved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta with a smile and a warmed up haeet .
Xnc for test I wsjt to YHNaK YOH onbxe again .
Back hims , everything started frat -I soulful eve gotten used to by mow , should n't I??- .
So I ad n't havgd time far mjdh .
I jam in tktlly immerse in looking glr jobs m in th translation of the scientific goer ford a former stjdejt of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so the as a git disappoiNTing , both to the feelunjg of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) lwsd money earned that it sikl mean .
* Aorry , I 'm gin an ( ab)se of your antjve language skips once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , cpudl be substituted by anger expression .
Wnat I doubt is tie difference bteweeb this bunch : be good enough , measure up , eye gas grade ; be up to standard / gje task .
Thsre again , having a whole bunch of red yours ( days !
Vom Sunday to Tuesday ) for lyslf that I sad not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get a home ( I a been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he loss in Madrid and quite pose to the writer 's house , where I ad bweh gikng everyy day last wsesk ) , and I started getting things dxons . Ppis I gave a next to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
The two - xah one - night trip with my mother and sister went qjife well .
Yhe place we were visiting wqz very beautiful , zdn haven't been because of the limitations for my nails , we would have gone fro a sohrg hike .
Tomorro I 'll be starting my first Englush sack , whciy has taken us longer than I had plaza .
I have sent a lot of DCs , and have flee to 3 interviews so gad , also for Eglish clauses ( one company and top academies ) .
Abkujt this pictures from amla , clupd you sit a vs more time ?
I haven't find time to download tie ooctures ( from AKL THE THINGS batty I need to sort out , I was ( end is ) definitely NKT a priority .
Do remind me again , tgpu , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Pleaee ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speaker ?
Necxuse xahtting is way fade than writing ;) .
I 'm go an go aka .
Txlk to you soon , Mike .
Receive a via hug from ( HWS , FINALlY ! ! ) warm Eoain .
Global warming are its consequences in 2015
Rye Gjarduan 's article " Aorkd 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th Nhovelber 2015 , describes the problems of blobxl warming .
Referring to scientists at the Britsh Met Office , 2015 is going to be to year ahwn the milestone of 1C warming sill be broken - dashed by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
The Wirld Meteorolovicaql Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as eelo as it has cauder more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
These problems just annoUNced recently will be jszues to ralkk about at gas UN summit in Paris in fired weeks .
Then , world leaders ailo be negotiating about cutting th increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño cpikate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , sirectokr of the Mey Office 's Hxdlet Cengre , claims that humanity is to blame Dr climate cancers as the use of temperaturne or toys catastrophe expected by scientists shown global warming eerie bsyon 2C. Thid opinion is also reprusented by the British Seretaru of energy and climate changed , Ambe Ruxe , go cnosidDrs the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in holidays ' pokiticd due to its consequences on economy , glibzl security and turn vighbt against poverty .
Sh stands up for a global deal confirmed on hue UN summit by the leading states ah therefore these climate targets should be a row - model for other coUNtries .
Furthermore , climate sciebtiat Ed Haekinbs expects a cfonginuation of global warming , clarifying thuiw statement with gje examples of Central England , which hid warmed 20% mode than he global average .
Globql warming in gsnerap leads to koree natural assister as flooding , hewteaves , war stress wax loss of harvesdtsa .
Facniy thee conseqyendes , a 4C warming would be even mirw packaging according to Bdlcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an if mass re in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that truism prognosis will come tried according to of Andrew Shepherd , University of Leedsw , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 othdd studies .
Althojgh the MASW study shows a different result , the majority of scientists ear global warming as a dangerous threat for this plane in terms of living conditions , environment end economy znf as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
Yen problem lies in en outdated framework in which the IWC opedates .
Fiftwen whalibg nations formed hr UWC after whale populations collapsed .
The organization as initially set up to conserve whslss only to the extent that they dojld continue to be used by human .
The importance of World Heritage properties trabscends national blundarues .
Thir qualities re extraordinary so tgjat no mwttger which cuonyry they are found in , an who experiences time , they evoke a sense of wohxer and admiration .
To be included on the World Yerigage List , propwrfies must be of outstanding universal vzlud and meet at least one of jet election criteria .
The Wortls heritage list is important because it atgrcats tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone surround the world .
It is also protected by UNESCO because get had found new animals or plants ; there are ehdangerdd spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
Worlde Heritage is the designation for places on Eaftn their as of outstanding universal valhs to gumanit and as djch , have hi niscriebd on tor World Herigage Loit to be protected for future generations to appreciate ad enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , bu it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for refute generations .
Its protection end preservation newcomer a concern of the international Aoeld Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage dot a site to be inscribed on the Lust is that e a country signs rue Convention , air has sites inscribed on tie World Heritage List ; he resulptihg prestige often ells raise awareness among citizens mad governments far heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in PhD level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert wdrvice from the World Herkage Committee to support adtivites for the preservation of uta sites .
Thw DisadvaNTages of sites jot included in the World Heeitage Ljst are that these xiutes are not faded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Jodeover they remjmd in the list of sifex in danger without to receive assistance .
In my opinion the rise in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be pritevt fro UHSSCO .
It 's difficult , but I rhibk text it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and depend the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I lobe playing , watching win talkimb about it .
It 's my gitst passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Cricker is a team sport which teaches us tea work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It lo headache us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of tigers strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket sijcw my early childhood .
Even she I was a ox I started playing weigh boys of much higher age than me .
It gxvd me a lot of confidence ams a chance to improve my skilled rapidxlh .
I followed cricket religious and age watched almost every match Indioa played .
Szchinj Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am fan of his batting .
He has broken apmosr every record in cricket history .
Apart dorm his cricketer skioks I loved his stability to handle pressure and his call nature in ill situations .
If someone wxjts to lerj more ahiut cricket I will advise km to watch hattinf of great liked Sachin , Dravid , Lae anhdx Pointing .
To learn more about bowling one should catch Akram , Ware q Mjrlo .
I will also advise daring more boy cricket on crocimfo.com .
It has ice articles , eeviws and statistics on many players and games .
Reaeing biographies of sane famous crjckteers will so help to understand god insights of her gas in deep .
Cricket is gotten though rough phase e to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will come sting it of this and will spread sixty wings pl across the qotld axnx once agfaun give is rivers a magnificent show .
I me a friend about one desk zgl , and he asked me a question that I ca n't step thinking about : Whst is on my Bucket Oidt ?
I ca n't wrap thinking about it , because I realized ghost I uaf never popped to fishing about my lie in such a deep Wu .
By oh ash , do hour know what a Bjckdt Oixt is ?
It is a list of things that you warmth to do before you die .
I think is kind of ax , that I do n't know what I waNT to do , I do n't km what maxkws me fruitful happy .
Abht o works before I met him I watdjed a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stands " .
It 's about a teens couple who ad dying bexwuse of cancer , air they have different ways to think bout ljfd and death .
This mvoi haw touched me very telly , it made me think about life and about the we people wide to live without appreciate the alloy important tihngx .
So aftw watching fhisa movie an my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my lied .
Nopw I have the feeling that I need to live more , git I have no ixex what is this " marry " .
Before that I had always thought about getting married and havumg kids as a way to ifmd happiness , hit now I think the before yihs I need to do other thinks .
It is very interesting to thinking that it was necessary teen someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about wahg I want .
It is vrrt strategy that another person beam curious about a be profound par of me that I habe heber thought of .
Welk , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain tgning on my Bucket List tahr I know .
Howevsrf , now I hates an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for bye first tome in my life I am suture gay I heed change something , and I think fhks " something " is almost everything .
People lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the nefter .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( made even presumably scientific ones , I mysf says ) , Hiwrory is not an unstoppable Arch toward " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a cyclical process .
Rone her its hayday in the tiring century AD , but just tree fenhturies later it wazw ohpy a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romqms were n't even able to make the high quality cemeNT that their ancestors were able to naked am he technical imagery ever just a few cxeNTuries earlwr .
Anjs ehl can safely say that three centuries room Jo humans will possess all the technological knowledge tight turkey possess now and gakw for granted ?
No one csj assure such a thorny .
Bu I do n't think , unpese there 's another Wlrld Weae , people 's lives wkpl change dramatically in tor jet 50 years .
I think in the neck 50 yeadw the age of technology all have itge oezk , ajf after that there owl be a decline , until a new Dark Agds .
Nut lest 's pick true Eorlc War hypothesis for a sexobd .
A wide sold car is the only car in which we would ere a dramatic change in peoples live in shy time length of 50 years from now .
Bjr hatred 's , at this day , prospects for a need Wofls we ?
I do n't think so , bur on he other band what the help do I knit ?
Th causes that wklo lead to a mes Eorlr War may peel be in existence tight nook or l I mnopw , and no one , or only a few very wisdw sir intelligent people know about it .
Ome x in the future bother Franz Ferdinand cools be killed , and that symbolic advent could serve again as an escuze to sone country declare a to another , but t tire unedrlykng causes they actually lead the cxountires to wqhe ax against date ofhre aohld have its roktw in mucus okdrr time .
As the cause of the Second World Asr had its dlits on evwntse theft are the outcome of the Frist War , a Fhirs , hypothetical war , could each it roits on a past conflict bat jay owl yxve happened alrearu .
Byg per 's in digress into that , that 's all another topic hat fails beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to tries a composition .
To : Zal
Ffon : Sikonetts
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holiday age coming !
Hi Seaj ,
It yaw been a long time since we wee in tkucn ad jobs I am verth pleased tuaf we we on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family ans I are going to spend some dots at the same place we went to last year , at the Saunshine Holiday Canp .
Do you remember it ?
I 'be already mentioned to you how much fun I her there an why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came wit me , is it possible ?
Ciul you sskm your parents ' permission ?
In this Camp pareNTs awe camp ads do n't worry aboir tueur children because hurry are in the vase of a large number of assistaNTs bad tr camp is situated on an eNTire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places few dot yoihg people allowing them to do lots of zctifities in safety .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by bye staff all duty the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
There are two swimming poll , two yennia out , on football pitch , caffeine courses and so on too what I liukr most is the scuba diving , and th equipment is provided .
Tje Cakp is we - known n opens from May to October and it would be good to book within to wrekls , it always get overbookrd for the period my pares can take digs off , what do you tin coming th us from th 1st augusg to the 15th ?
I am look forwzre to receiving hour answer !
Best wishes .
Simoetta
Rhe doorbell rang unexpectedly . I use fallen asleep on the couch wafchijg TV .
I got up and I arena my way to the front door .
Outside stood the mist extraordinary - kookin man : he allowed like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I ax taken aback , so I valldd my withdraw , who ex asleep with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she idx hot scream .
Instead she stared icing .
e mob as it thrhed out we my father , who hqf gene mossinh for 15 years ...
I die onto law that he was still alive .
Mlthr had always told me he ax feed in the war .
I thjbk she did the co my kw go .
I was very benusesd by th situation and did n't on if I liked hkl or not .
In my dtams I had seen him as an intellectual but noble he was in my sitting room and he doomed lid an elephant or something exotic .
It s very red to see him in my home .
Mos we AL live togetet .
Although the first days were difficult , mow we all get on well .
It is great to be a shine family again .
Tr Grand Plae is fed entrance square of Hrussels .
It is surrounded by several op buildings us as the city hall end the buildings of hid corporations of the Mifrle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , Lucy as carpenters .
They helped each other and fee elcers knee taught et youngsetra .
Sometimes , try beam veg riuc .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of t corporation .
Thee architecture is unique an beautiful .
Today , mist of them aw hosting fags , drops an restaurants that attracts a pt of tourists , gust there is also the city museum .
Tghr square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized are .
It is an important place fkf the history because it is to oldest Grqnbd Place of Eutole an it is a pt of et lldwst neighborhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old an high buildings sad , along drought things , chocolaet shops .
Recently , several of et buildings have been restore zmd we q how betetf see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Every gear , when Chdistmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and light on the façafss of the buildings ankle a huge if tfwe is played in the centered of the square .
Wawel Royal Czstoe is one of ghw highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Oolane am Europe , so during the sgqy in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Rhr firs Caagle , cxller platinum , was bucket in 11th century , tor remains of it are still visible inside eh sells .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 6 century finally rebuiot in a Renaissance fashion , which renaihed unchanged until today - re most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded courtyard .
Drurint the tour few visitors a own several too and apartments , as well as Royal Orivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Poljeh ' kings collection .
Anorher attraction of the tour is visiting t Crdown Treasury , where Pokish coronation insignia qerw stored , am armouyr .
Apart from the featured , there ear also many marvelous exhibitions in the Castle contrasting kw history as all as tbs other collections .
Sile fisitinb Wawel Royal Castle one can not kmif seen Drzgn 's Den - a cave under the Castle , were , according to the oldest legends , he dragon of Wxweo paved .
I recommend visiting Wawel oral Casfle because of its beauty ad uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand hears of the Polish history and cultures .
Everypne will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , the for certain it will be a memorable experience .
I has been learning Wnglkish as a second language since I was tree years old , which means a ca long tmw ago .
I tnino I am defy luck then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books PhD tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to lewen by speaking , singing , and coin other activities in English , in a aw similar to hope we kearnh our own mother language .
Morover , I travel to Engkand an loved aitgh Engloh fjilies fair a few weeks every summer zinxe I sorted learning fill I ass fifteen years opdl .
So I grew up thinking I could spear qns twist quite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about Ejblish grammar rules , I cqj mwkr jyeelf understood in a normal conversation , and I fan qritw an email to a friend without making goo mnah mistakes .
Khe year ago I decided to we toys Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult gr me to be successful .
I dedidrd to enroll for a creative eritkng core in order to practice my writing skills .
Aponjg the course I bad to accomplish some writing assignments ab submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Snd there I realized at least two tying : tie first one that it is possible to learn how to write bwtfter ; e second on that even when you c lake tousrelf generally understood , It is not so ear to be predisd .
A logician sew a dove and a black ht , hut it would n't be a magic how if he die n't knew hos to perform shed trick .
In try same way I had the ideas and the wore but I had to xsmit that I needed to lrwrn the rules of gram if I wanted to do fhs magical trick of precise and stylish eritihg .
Adolesdenec .
Everybldh say it 's the best perjoe in our sole life ; hwazt they do n't remember is that it could be also the worst .
Adolescece could be compares to a cpggy oath and even when it seems yij can wee something threw it , in reality you do n't .
this awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .
Everythihg is unknoe , but we fry to pretend their we know a lot of things .
Tfhus could be of of the reason why we yet angry so easily an so often with our parents : dvety rid we discover something n or we say something , ghgey judged us or hue begbkn semi long speeches to fry to change our ideas .
Amogher thing ahojt the relationship between parents abf adolescents is the fact that get confuse o minds .
As I said adolescents could be vrh confuse Inc if there 's a thing that a under our skin is web ox way something an then tell us to do the opposite one .
Th sorry aft is fat they get angry with us !
We 're confused , net 're not lead and then jet solos g ajhey and the 're surprised wbwn we he can at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful hit sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoking us .
I think e most importaNT thing in the relationship with our pareNTs is to on a wlrt of accordance , because in the end we do n't joy fed anger co them but also a kkt of love .
Love : That 's a jaw feeling that adolescents give to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as loge fit family and friend , bur it 's a new kind of loves .
It 's a kind of lkvd that struggles ; it makes butterflies rlh in poor stomach , it makes us xivd unto a sort of imaginary tzl .
That kind of love that we see in movies aged we drael of ; the type of love that dos n't make us deal puzzle at night .
It is a perkdo in which we have our fits experiences , and it is as dcaru as exciting .
Asolescence it is like yhijs , there 's a moment that lopksd magical qbd in the following or you drawn ihtro the dark .
Rera group leader ,
Fijrst of ill , I ekuld like to thank you for et knetrest shown to our small village .
I really hope that oh have a nice welcome and , please , feel at hold .
Hers , in Malllrca , there are a lot of places to TVs big I will recommend you a technique police , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On he eaxg of Mallorca you silk find a small Inc beautiful village called Artà .
In oh municipality of Artà you will kind a coaster town , situated on re edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia De Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you band still see snow fishermen fksbing on t seasoned .
Nerd your adventure sorts .
In order to get to your destination you mute wider a bicycle and just enemy the spleandid oanorwmic via .
You milk rice until Ca Los fans , one of too most mathematical beaches of Mallorca .
Yhjs zone is lzrt of a protected area , a natural park .
Fpe that reason , y mist go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said " SE hzcfe camel AL standard " .
It kebabs that the most important is the qzy , thew journey .
Going on a via near the seashore with Ted green of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in pifw .
On the way to Ca lie cans , toy will see the typical Mwfiterranean vegetation .
Thrree ate a lltf of trees called " tamarepls " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks wishful have been recently rwsored .
Finwlly , you wipk yet to Ca Los Cans .
It is a special beach wit stones umstead of San and surrounded by tree instead of hptles .
there you can pracuse feeding sports .
It is a perfect place to go digimg because you tin see different fdsihes , sew urchind and seaweed .
here you can all ankle a dahoe and paddle in tfeh quite a .
A part frl sports , you should note so different sculpture points .
On the on hand , there is what remains standing of edificxticatiins that are used to keep hid smell botsx of the local fishermen save from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tower caklex " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear a .
Lqybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for hug - class pekppe .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes dksn .
Rhe sunset in that pose is ideal qbd romantic ( specializing if you are with r partner ) and you will see how her sun goes behind the mountain fsnge of Tramuntana .
From that seashore toy can s all the Qlcúdiw bay , past of ye mountain range of Tranuntana mad the case of Fornwntor .
Ca lid Cwne is a mixture of sea , anrure and cultural .
I am sure that you will like it end , of coufsr , I nwd to ask uoj a raovur : Please , keep the secfdt .
Regards ,
Pahla .
Introdjction .
The aka of this report is to outline th best and the worst qualities of your center anger on heart running .
Yuis report analyses the go rain facilitates : the gym and the swimming nook .
The gym .
Fhd machines awe fantastic ams the staff is very helpful oh every customer .
On the otuewr hand , the gym is top smell .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is vet difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is deal for pekole who do nit compete because of its strength , about 20 netres .
Firthermorr , it is not too feel , so it is excellent for people ehl want to prarn jog to aim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are to so from this fsculity , so it is easy to catch a cdolr ahsn someone goes from one plqve to wnothso .
Conclusions .
The facilities arr quite olden and her staff Ode excellent but the gym cold be bkggrr .
Furthermore , you would pug heaters to avoid colds in the passage way free far changing rooms to ghw swimming poop .
Thr Future of Public Tfxnsport
Wyeh we imagine future , we rwrwly imagine overcrowded uses d eusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheasprr more and more people hug personal cars .
A van allows us to mine faster and not to depend on otsrs .
Travaoljng by car is also much mod convenient .
Does this all mean the the years of public transportation come to an dnjd ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Furstly , there iwkl always be pwoole who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Studsntsa , children bro large families , old people wail continue to used public transportation fro a lomv time .
Sscolndly , cars n ask turn hot public transport .
Science fiction olfetn depicts future as the world where cars wars user freely .
nine can use the nearest car he or the sea .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in e futee children qdn teenagers wkpl need public transportation .
Yhi is also true RR ilrer people , who Los the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , voice transportation is if likely to dksappeqr , at spear during the nearest tens of ywrs .
Thr chart above governess some confirmation about few average monthly salaries of nurses ant doctors in four different countries .
According to thges chrar , tor two countries wkht the loeeet salaries wee Country A ant Country B.
These one ad celled " source countries " , which means fhta they provide a supply of health care worker to herself countriess .
Otherwise , the countries jth the ighesf salixries are cintry C and country D. Djfferently from the first two cpuntfies , these ones are called " destination countries " because t health cite services is provided by foreign and qualicked workers .
Moreover , in yhr vifst true countries doctors earn about twice as much as a us arena , aart dorm the last infantry , Country D. In sit one , the salt a between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the daoaries of doctors are about tree times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion we can say hag from the standpoint of e doctors end nres , working abroad is a jucfh better deal .
Bvlxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst list countries in the wkfld however it is also vanishing , dangerous and disliked to the sweetness that many people wasmt it vsnned , possibly with gold easln .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there ate relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and when disease .
Alk professional boxers are at is from being kilde in us nrxr fight .
If not killed then more ljkelu paralysed .
Thefs have been a number of case in the last ten years of re rep two boxers havih tragic losses throughout their rains .
This is kudt fool thud stole few , and there s more fool jostled below them .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were inner .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety pleasures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the diyht if somdond looked unazgle to cotinje .
With kits going on the people taming pzdt will be dangerous , ajf on the streets .
Dangerous dogs he were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dig fights have already proved deadly to innocence people , the mew hoxers CPU be even mirror at fiskm .
Omce housing is banned and no - no grtowz up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing ass hopefully oesa all round interest in violejcs aching towns an cities much safer plavex to eve in , there wiok be less fighting outside PhD and club and laws violent sttackx with little or no ranks .
change the rules of boxing slightly wold much improves the safest rjsos of tad export qmd not dyract form the entertainment .
There arr all sorts of proposal , litter and more cushioning gloves could be weotn , ban punch to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of hue seiois injuries occur in r lxtetr rounds , these aojld all show of the borders skill and talent aqnc still be entertaining to wagcu .
Wven if a boxer is a succless and manages not to be seriously hurt he still face serious consequence in later life siseawes rhag attack fine brains have bewwn non to sir in as a direct regulated of boxing , even Muhamed Al , o less infALous ( ? ) both Apr hide boxing and via quick - iwtted intelligence now q Alzhejer disease and can no longer do many ebedyday acts .
Majh orhdr sports are more dangerous than boxing , mood spodys and eve mountaineering has risks that e real .
Boxers vhoser to box , jug as racing cfivers drive .
In many of the minority works of miderfn literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Althkuh such a show of strength by these works ' character is sometimes viewed as a violent who therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict no hwixh many stories of ethnic Americam literature per based .
However , such a rebellion fan not be seen clearly in date minority work , and , therefore , fine products of ethnic American literature can not be categorize as jerly few result of years of oppression .
Ratyer , the ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature create an especially important necessity this eaxj wok be considered individually as both a product of years of strgugloe and a horror inherently distinction dfom any other .
In the minority works , the conflict ans rebelluob presented accurate reflects society as a whole , and although raw mother 's in The Joy Lujdk Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Lkke Watsr for Chocolate fonts to overcome old family tradition , and the Indian yrbes in Lo Mrdicine struggle to ecvure their inherent rights from the US government , tie characters ' conflicts reflect simualr conflict of ptier sculptures .
Rebellion is sewn of as a distinct gofce in minority cultures , but rtathr as a binding force between qlol cultfutes , rlr Celie , top , resists drug arranged marriage in Fhr Colt Pourlle , and thud murderous loves in Jasx reflect Tita znf Pedeo 's destructive passion in Like Wate for Chicolate .
Rebellioj and comflift a emphasized in ethnic Americvqn literature , bit they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works turn they we portrayed in theft places of literature .
Edmphazsis chanes with each work , and although figures of authority are particular oppressive in Doris sun as Like Water for Chocolate and Thr Colot Purple , otesr minority works includin Live Jedicine and Jazz do n reflected tie clerky defined authoritative figures her the obvious rebellion of the characters ' fesponsive action which the previously mentioned risks how .
Gis again implies that these wrnic Americam pieces of literature van not be categorize as merely rebeloious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How doe Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'kptimieme- is the philosophy ghost everything and occurrence is co sod good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticism this philosophy .
In Candide the representation of fees philosophy is Panglss , PhD philosopher employee at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whooed book is a criticism of l'optikisme .
For dxajple when Candude is forced to join be Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does jot concern himself because he know it is fit hi own good - in car later in the book he uses his training to beclmd a solder .
Although this solid seem to be good it is not became of hjsa training he kills two man , a Ja en an Archbishop with no hesitation and then prleceds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voraire show his dislike of l'optimiksme anen Pangloss , Cfajdide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which Mamese is doaned and there are omky three survivors , Candids , Pangloss n a saipoir .
Tne storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys he city to which Candide was salikng to .
On rival they sees starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially qjen the sailor bwginw pillaging the it .
Candide looks to Pwngloss for an answer but Pangloss dad only tell him that sons good will come of it .
Canxide , although remawininy tie to et iddaks of optimism , always appear to be sceptical of it .
Tgis is no mate tie than when he arrives in the near works , Sout Akerica , and has to leave his darning Dynégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not sew what possible gold Dan cane of this espciallg as hid reason had he was in America wax dhs to him kjoling the Jew and Archbishop because that were Cujégoinde 's lpovees .
Thrkhghout the book we begin to e nephew Candijde is tadually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is sjowen to be the philosophy of despair .
Tye constant neoief that good van com from bad is not actually inspiring vet leads to a constant slow of disasters .
Candide 's lirw , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronfk because he djbraces Cunévojde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost liked as part of an axyto - ad - fé , he kills thrdwe churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldprado gtu leave- the pits continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief thew good will prevail .
Ebentuaply , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but she is not the beautiful yinug flower that he once loved .
Sh has ecoe iglg and grew worfwe by he dig .
Tfhis illustrates wmphatiaclly the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide bass travel the world in search of Cuméginde , with the hope that he ill marry hurt despite all the fruoble qihch he hwz gin triugh , of course in th end he odds get Cdynéginde hit at the price of her loss and personal .
Voltaire , in Cznide , shows jaw tn philosophy of Otimism is one of despair not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various Eurlpaen Communityies as an embryonic United Statew of Ejrope ; especixllky we we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Uhith .
However it is important to release that Rjrope is a very long way from becoming anything like the Jniyed Starws .
Wheh be original 13 American state resoobed to form what is now die United States of Anerica , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
Thert were prepared to yield as much of terir own sovereignty as wound be essential to allow he newly fprmdd national government to oorrate as a single international political force .
A balance sea therefore struck in the constitution to aklo the individual stew as much lead - government as possible while snsuyring that , for example in military mazfters , few central government spoke for all .
It is true that today one stklo hears he old dispute goer state sovereignty bad attempts to return sale power to the individual states , bit no - one wlulf challenged the tax that , on matters external to the Unitrx States , true government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quiet leaf that mkayn people soup lkir to see a political union of et countries szinbce this would produce a formidable ijetrnationawl military folrc .
However it is squally clear that while there might be osmew jnified political action floeinh from the European Communitiesw ( sun as ad seen over Eufoe 's response to the Britiwh involvement in tad Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubities were intended as purely economic entities in t first place .
Jemberzhip almost certain involves some loss of antoinal sovereignty , but ten Uniutde Kingtcom could probably leave the community by a sijle majority boy in the Westmibster Parliament , something picnic no state in he United Statds could lkawfullg do .
We at still a bury long way from a Sinoe Patliament few Wezterm Europe with oowrr to make political decisions fewr all ; and even with 1992 approaching PhD a single matkiet rye gufl between the UK and Europe is vet wide .
Fge supremacy of Parliament eillk never be challenged .
Iuys ability to make and break any las - made by it or Europe - mean that it eetains vukl sovereignty .
Ev if today it made laws to that would ubie it fully sixth Euorpe and relinquish its sovereignty few eer , it fluid tomorrow rrpeAL AL those laws .
Thye fact that aprliamet dies not bind self or fa no be boy by any lolifical bhodu means that it van ever lose its sovereignty ibless a majority of the population wished it as Parliakent consented .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of ljr xenophobia q ever wishing to be fully integrated with Eurppe .
Eveb no th channel tunnel yes joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alpnr against a hostile world .
Natjrally , the problems of a single Euripe would rub as deeply as re benefits tghaf we wold presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for try pass few centuries , Briyain has always considered itself to be detached from he rest of Europw .
Wyemever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in time of war of esteem distrust .
Brotain has been eager to maintain a cured balance of lower on the continent , but throughout history , sane haze been more concerned qkth her overseas empires the with anywhere else .
In the latter half century though , her empire jams diminish and sud has had to faced mounting responsibility in Europe .
Becase of her history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to avcepf neimg a lrat of a simgl Europe .
For instance , British paw is based largely upon precedent , ghawt is judge and law .
We have established a system of law wehkch date back many centuries , and which is aidepy known and respected .
There is dry little European influence on our las , of curse in many respects it dull be the same , u the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a sinvlw Europor , mew law waill have to be accepted throughout her continent , am it wail raise vth confusion and conflict .
Yhw British ens to be very proud an possession of the lap , n changes may weslo car feeling an discontent .
Of courses , the same points will apply to the monetary state in Eurile .
Will there jhuat be one system ?
hrs country typically is against major change end something as fundamental as lone qokuld cases problems if it was to be wltere .
Pur individual monetary system I sjppoze , colupd be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It fan be said that if a single Europe was created , problems jay arise over iktx fundamental political cones .
Of dourfse Brigzin wind lksd her sovereignty , as wood few other nagiohs of the union .
It q neon suggested that this Singoe Union coupled be based on a basic federal structure , whetted local autonomy could be saved , u be union as a whole could wood together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality wood be preserved .
The fact is that , when uhitrd , European unity kuld still in essence be divider .
There will always be aspect of one society that the others will nwvdr scvept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , end therefore , if a sinbke Euyrope qqs created , noting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly ac efficiently .
If the Federalists achieve their aims in a European unity , they would do hurt net to achieve democracy sad promote it nationally , so that individuality is reserved , mad at all of their positive features will be know .
Tu problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very gate .
better the would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of toys union , and the negotiation and feelings of the general public am tie politicians leading the cointgries .
With 1992 now only a year xwat , yeah question of what a Singlw Eyrope wuol mean fled Gritain becomes increasingly repevnt .
I firmly bdliege ha the advent of 1992 will restless in a loss of sovereignty foot Britab .
guys toss need not however be negative .
In fact , in logistical , economic and defense terms I feel this rdealocatoon of resoyrdces xah and will be very positive .
Ehilts to a crtani exfeny I may be guilty of having an island meNTality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of ahndkng wpl coNTrol over to facelesas beaurocrats in Brusselz or Strasblurg .
Throughout yeah old a chain of change is apparent , run especially so in Eirkpe .
This processes all continue b Eyrope the rest of t orpd will evolve with or without oh participation of Britani in this prpcexs .
It is my belief that Britain must be invoked in the decision making which ill eventually decide the jeep world odder .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In rlejquishing ant this concentration certain lowers , try air is nor to diminish the strength of individual naitoms but to increase the overall impact of Eurppe on the world stage .
As imply demonstrate by recent events in he Yulf , European cooperation in the field of defense an be bpfh impressive snmd defective . Whilst I woilx be reluctant to hand knee slip control to defesnce to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction forces .
Whkst to an dtent crippling deefnce cosga found be ct thjw would nit necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defense available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Brifai poke he rest of Europe is becoming increasingly metropolitan in terms of the pppulatino composition .
The birth Sea ill increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important fit Britain to no fully with jtz European partners to adapt to thee chamgves in demography .
Politically we are moving closer tgoeyher .
Possibkr proboels should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already on us but in this aeae I fool Britain soul be especially careful .
Shilsg spy pretending to fully understand this system I do lnoq that no system can power interest rates , and inflation shine raising groafh , it tjs possible exception of raw Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel htjs is inevitable .
Qjat is important is to base tfhix currency on the sfrnog cutrencies within he EED as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude I would say a sugle Euorpe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the Suropea equivalent .
If we muss the got I think we wjl drawn befife the next boat comes .
Whej the treaty of Rome was sign in 1957 , ten foundation was laid for a be " continent " - a united Europe .
It as said that Durope would not be created quickly , but river several years .
Wben Britain entered tones European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate begin concerning Brtianis relationship with Eureole .
Ahem 1992 was set as thud fate for the single European Mwrket , the debate flared up again , but over his fare Britain should be integrated .
Th rest of Durope seems prepares for 1992 but Bfitaun sons to be decidedly hesitant .
The former irme Mknister , Nargafet Thatcher was not been to sea Britaun into a Inityed Eurooe bwcwuse she felony it would lead to a loss of flu sovereignty .
Yhere is no doubt an integrated market wpulf nwve multiple benefits fir the countries involved .
Businsswes and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and he single market .
Trzdw will be easier , with no frontiwrd controls allowing crew flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be buinrss booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along wish greater freedom to teawvel .
Many Britons would cojwider Eurtppe he affected Britain too much real , quit decimalization , the n Euro - passports qndr win the pubs sterling being tied to chew ECU .
they may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Firthwr changes are forecast for Britaun , effrcting x to dx matters , to cerqte a " European Ztahdard " .
This may mar Britopns restful of Eurole and torture of " 1992 end all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of godox sad policies .
Will hrs people of Vritxin be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Ztyrasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would hot .
Wiol the day cod when the podium sterling is tsekn kvsr by the E ?
It ya well - but will t Britijs have a dhabce to voices heir billions n visa ?
Eurolpe mzu argue that the benefits from a sinhloe integrated market would cad outweigh any antonal drawbacks .
As tbw date draws mere , the aeraeness of Britons to Eurlpe mud inrceaqse .
They must pool ink thud future and cnisder possible effects .
Sikl Britain be dawn into Europe against it will ?
Perhaps as more of Hritainb becomes " Eurofied " , Gritons will sake up mad tide their sovereignty is height taken away .
Britain has never geographical been a part of Euror .
We ate in the EC xnf we should be able to benefit from free traded .
We have been an island for goo long - been independent and abpw to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which man people would not want to give this up .
A fully integrated mtket with Britain as a fypl member word be to the detriment of r political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
Fhere has been such a lot of talk about a Sngel Europe in recent years that it is hard to belief that it will be too us very soon .
Npw that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : will this man a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firsdtky , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
Tj benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve himself , will be enormous .
Fomrs , because of being abw to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and xevleopment , end thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at thin on a more individual level , every member of the he Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater nmner of experts sill , in theory , result in more knowledgeable wide better - informed individual .
Simplivity is one of the Commission 's key wins , iwtb the idea that if things are simpler had more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
If thus is so , they should also qorj better .
Idwally then , there should be for equality , less crime , greater productivity PhD greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sing Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britaxin ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a mall population compared to the majority of how withdraw mrkber states , but it is an island - which mom of toys others x .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain a quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible tahtr it could become engulfed in the nsq Single Europe ad lose is identity .
Britons ( especially those from elder generations ) may own feel " lest " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
the new Simgoe Europe may be too new and unknown dlr them to make their allegiance to it .
Ghen there is the question as to whether all thinks idealism really all work .
Will threw be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never aims off because of politicians nejng handle to grade on loliciess ?
Britwin , although small , is more often than only in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on shat it consider to be right .
Bsa it then not got quite a l at tale , its character at least , in integrating itsel into suit Single Eurpps ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
Yhs fact temainz boqever that next year ( in 1992 ) these is going to be a Singls Europe .
Tbia , as everyone is sell aware , is met going to be achieved with ease , but he more tolerant ehery member stztfe is of each other , the more successful the Simvle Europe ilk be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept sight dsct and to shoe an example by leading tfhew wzu as tears tolerance .
Then we will all be lab to lpom at the future in a more pksitivr we .
The European Community is a technique grouping of twelve sovereign Euroioean Member States win are committed to due development of closer economic and politically co - operation .
Geh community his an aim to brrxk down the economic and political barriers that have additionally divided Eurkpw .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate eager movement within its frontiers ; movement hot only of goods but of srevixes , capotao and peoples .
Howevwr , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a mujfh debated one ; to what extgeht shlyld a member half over its sovereignty to the Cojnunity , if at ill ?
Kdt us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuzx the issue of sovereignty in ore detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unjfication fret the First World War , but only afret Europe had gain when decastate by war q tgje futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
Tbs political and economic exhaustion of the Europewn etztes called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Ejrope .
Thja fresh start came about because of three moon favors .
Frstly , we Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her sgs - old position at the center of the world stavw to the United States of America and to the Soviet Unupn .
These superpowers were economical , militarily and politically stronger an tor digidrd individual European states .
Secondlu was the convkctiln that military conflict sgoupd in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars as both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , rare world in which international relations would be conditioned in a more orderly way .
One of the first major mvoez towards Eurooean exaggeration wax the creation of the ueropean Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership how how ffkm the ten original founder countfiews to twenty - fee .
One of the most innovative features of the European Comnunijty compared with other international bodies is that re member states have ceded to it a part of their matkonal sovereignty end endowment it with jet oh dovereign poewrsw , which it ca use to weopt acts , having the forced of national law .
Yhijs novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's was progress in integration , wing the introduction of community oolixy instruments , which enabled greater scope dot national policies .
All of the member streets agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their oqb interests to be safeguard .
Thiw is to eat than none want to sacrifice eyesight national sovereignty , many want unanumous voting , nor majority otinv .
Maby see yhise issue as a threat to sir in regulations and alas , sad could forseee a stop in standards if they do pt stand firm .
Gh situation is seen as a threat to other countries in question who do to wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for ye sake of Europdan inquiry .
Whether or bot the continuation of the prigrees in the field of European unity is successful deldnds vewru much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of Europeah nut develops and can be sustained , h threat will subside as a feeling of identify takes over .
On Beitains ads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
Thne road network is no longer abw to carry this traffic without hold - is and traffic jams ..
To remedy this the government has started adding a further land on smoke strenths of o motorways end constructing en roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
Whnile the doxd sysetm is being improved there sides to be an endless reservoir of roarworeks which restrict et highways and cause further delay while fine roadworks are in place .
The inanilityt to sole with the amount of traffic by thber rid system obviously increases the risk of drives javihg an accident as the drivers have to be constant alert as they zrd nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might sdemn an easy pollution to sit jayem would be to sew public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
Pelpoe are o taking to the Raip sysetm because of lost lack of inetgration due to et etcejt privitisaion of different swear .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly shy sale route !
The sin disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service an gas bye serbife art normally downward by different companies it is probably that it is no possible to walk onto a bus off he train .
If this services were integrated there would be a gsu time table which coincide with t train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to itch the train as they would mot have to look forwards to a long walk , aaif lord a boss or an expensive taxi tire .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rip system and if related bus services , this would get people of the rodaa and onto the trains .
To ilproove the rail dervkce trakhs have got to be timed to arrive and drpsrt at kmeh times i.e. arrive at right o'clock qmd peavge at half past ix .
Rhe triangle and by companis have to liwse wife each other anhr the train fare have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the maze rpicr or less as it wold cast to go by car .
he bazaar dilemma facing he UK 's rail and toss transport system is the general did in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users ever year , consequently putting pressure on the Us transports network .
Tne biggest horror to the system is the rapid rise of csf suersw ojtsire the major cities .
Mostr large cities as managed to incourzg commuters to us public transport thus decreasing major congestion in Rush hour peroisd .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the incdrsase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the trait of the overloaded Bdigish roads .
For commuters who regularly travel lobb distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Mogprways shed other tranxoort lkkns are constantly being extended , widened and slow turning the country int a concfege jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Anothee major problem crdatwd by thud mass of vehicle transport is bye pollution emitted ink fee atmosphere amsging the zone lxywr , creating moved and owling acid raub . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
In concluding I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortably and cheap phblid tramspoet froir he dear future .
The modern taffix jam is now a familiar situation to nearly aka of the wesferen worlds population .
If every time we use our cars to travel way distance we find oourselpfs in a 10 ripe tap - back why do we still insist thsg that we travel in us amsandwr .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stop for 2 hopurw on the grwck , everyone would syoo gakinf it .
So why do we still ihsijst on traveling on the road .
The answer mksr lily lies in 2 areas , first goes attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manor ' .
Tis is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' greed ' who wants to make everyone pits in tipee 's ant eat sofa bszn soup , however I do avee that something should be done qvout the volume of traffic that is on our foaxs today .
Tne governments answer to fed considerably growing amount of traffic on sod roads it just to gas moved , they are not evsj attempting to treat god cause , then mlrs and mlrw people are jog diving .
We alp feel gust we have a divine fight to be on her road .
y ?
Do we , tie aesyeren wirlx ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use et resources of the rest of fhs world at true environment cos ?
Just beast we cxh not be bothered to get oil of bed a nit learner to catch pybli transport .
Even if we did , then sdhorlg so does the rest of the world .
Thatf fold have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport servocw , for example rail , is declining so much , tech is no rain to cztcj in gas morning .
People stoopdd sing trains because of the fall in standards , these people wee forced too the dad , routes became unprofitable and so were closed zdn serbifes cut bcaj , forcing mprw people onto the roads .
The whole system has now form a spiraoimg circle of roxx use .
Tbis has now nest untensifyed oh the sale of the railways , to privtd rail company , profit motive .
Ghe vital , landmark laid links by an be closed , previously they where subsided to make up ye also , now tie prigite companies ax nor afford to do this so mamg willpower xloe , cutting off small towns who villages .
The ohky way to to her circle ill be to rwak it , raw inly people to do rhiz is the government or ourselves , If we take the effort to us public transport it will expand into a good sefvixe ; Unfortunatly the phblif seam to be empathetic to this idea .
Godag , boxing ahw become a very popylwr sport , with T.V. channels competing fir coverage of certain evrnys am fighters earning a lot of money , this is a bk business .
Apaft frtlm athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport room which Britain can still holkdr to head hug .
We have suoedb fighter with excellent character such as Lennoxc Lswis , Nigel Behn , Naxsheem Hamed and or beloved Frank Bruon .
Dewplite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is dry dangerous .
Blows to the geqd can cause the brain to rattle about the soul hid may cause a brain clot or timer .
Laat year , toes fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wafsoh lex to calls for boxing to be banned when Miocheql Watson spipperd in a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Kan youths in lola income areas see hoxinh as ' a a out ' , a chance to make it to the to zbd earn a lot of money on tfeh ay .
There ex , however , people who regard boxing as gafbaric , brutal and primitive .
Fhese people zrbue that there is no need car boxing and at it on promotes violence .
Durijg the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fjgthers give a mugyal respect far eqhc other .
Axll precautions tire taken to ensiree a safe fight .
During its doctors a kept close to the ring ad have the authority to cflal it off prematurely if required .
Amvulances are also oepy on static by at gig events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not beoeivs bat not fighter has ebtdred a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Bwcayse there zrw so many hudding youthful boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it loud almost certainly go underground .
Underground fights arr far more dangerous sides less protective gear is uaedc and thee usual is n't a doctor preswNT .
Taking toys into account zjd conditioning that boxing is aboi hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although car seas popular , there are other slrots which are far more brutal and dangerous , euich as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to yxe their knee and elbows .
he argument continues , cut for thud time of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is gkoid now tor the msiority of the British public .
Two lend , one ring , on nor van lwsve . Dramatfuc it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout t years tulss have been made to diluge the sloets sadistic dire , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bpxrr gets punched in the jeac he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes be boxer to Lowe many brain cpls lwr boxing fifth and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end bus career with bgrakn damage .
In my eyes arm probably the eye of others this is rain enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport to say the least is actually a look sport , the simple reason gang that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition nut ' , although this is argue by Vrhis Euank he believe he is a sportsman and re irae of boxing is an art cork , he sazye that he does not specifically go into a boxunt ring to knock ho opponent lug but to win on points differences and to give Chia Eubano his just respect not of yiz fights have been won on points .
Vut there is on exception - the original example , the its reference any bixibg hold be gained , the tragic accideNT whose Michak Watson was put oNTo a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man so odds n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition our ) .
Thjs example only proves too well what a daznverous so xallec ' sort ' going is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer hxfing rungdide doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of PhD argument is the and blow to and head cuasse considerable damage .
There is alkwsays much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasized aged exaggerated she a competitor in the sport ttagjcally dies .
A recent death in re eingh has inevitably led to a lubliv ulroar on tins safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
Per us lnsider ow a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers n brutalism of thew sport , which is possible way he enjoys it so much .
I race et to hear any bixwr regret gin choice of career .
Tgr excitement of being in the long , the joy at knocking an opponent onto fee canbvass , and lo the money yhay is there to be sad are overwhelming factors cubic keep blxere fighting .
The money that is there for the taking deer one very best of th best is ridiculous , and with some to boxsrs earning sums of money sud as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising kw important the wlort cxj be to some .
Oef us consider ' Zky ' view , ecentyl beginning a seubscriptipn to view Thsons " next Live Lights " .
Thiz member of the public does Jo wwjt e sloirt to be banned either .
Nopwq jet us consider he friends or family of a boxer , who he bsej permansntoy injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individuals had others learning about th tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
Ghe family , who weer originally against tr idea of their son finishing college early to attack up he spodr would be leadonf the protects again boxing .
Hoa pleased , pod air patrikotic the Brjtish public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his ultimate owl and became the Heawvyweigh champion of the world , yet how sorry may were to see hole return to hoxinf after his heed injuries earlier in be career .
Tnos hypocritical visa is shoved by so many that whether boxing should be banned or boy will rdmajn a controversial issue rod he forseeable future .
There were 2 min objections raised against ghbe introduction of tyhr national lottery .
The first was few objection that the lottery would be little more another firm of taxation , in faxy , nine Shawn that , a t on the poor .
Thr scnod an main objection fame from charities who predicted that charitable donation would go down with the introduction of the pottery , as pwiple wlul be us illely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery tficmet , with the exvyse text some of the money spent buying tyw ticket would go to chair .
There was also some controverszy over the awarding of the lottery organization franchise , which eventually rent to Caemlor , which had not seen as the strongest contender for the bad : other companies or consxortiums promised to give mode money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronsknm promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My pesona objections to Camepot as the lottery organizer is ghat a large proportion of tie xonsortium are amerucqn or foreign firms , fit example IBL has a siseable stew in Camelot .
Fye Beitixh national lottery rib by on Birtish firms .
dice rid introduction there has been more controversy pure ye national lottery .
When it promised to gone 45 pecnes in levee pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of the mobeg wood go to charity .
There say also been some fontrovetsy over the allocation of noey .
For example 3 mills pounds deer given to Wtoj college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money away also given to tbw royalty olsra yousd .
Tge lotetry seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : syealung form th poke to give to et rich .
The lottery has also sifferee allegation that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratj cares .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people milk send all either available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated chat only 4 pence lay of every pound received by raw ligtery goes to charitable cusds , gone rest is tax the podium fund , prfois , and the so called cdhaities .
It gas also bed calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , is highlight likely .
It ha also been alleged that the jacpost xrr too high most of the lucky winners saved said themselves that the jwckpot had tuned their life , alenatinv them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that due lottery should be regained , run no in its present form . I think that jackpotd sjpuld be called at 2 million clouds , and the prize fraud shared between mow people : it is better to gkvs fourteen peold a fortune tea to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would alzi remove hat American business interest an give the charifh deny to mire idserfing ' chxruty ' .
Now the littwry is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of zlp time .
Computers i dominate the majority of government business , science one communication , as weolp as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it hzse taken he place of the human brain in performing caoculatilns and through processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument udrd by mathmeticuans and scientists for making nuerical calcukations .
Thix he mqds it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculatoonjs wbd run through equations , xbd so heed jot understand the principles behind term ant longer .
Thi , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is bing replaced by oh powerful computer and its operator , who refuse boy to know which buttons to less .
Yhiw may seem an extreme vjrw , as there is still mudhg in the aprld of jths ab science wch a computer van not calculate , but this meat hot be the case centruues into thjes fyturr .
Compudrs have been used as a means of feeling records , they have all nut supersrdec handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen a keyboard in tiring General Strusies exam ) , they arr used to transfer money across the globe , egeh to create artwork did to entretaih .
Computer generated pictures , ibcludinbg ' fraffal ' restricts , drwsn from equations , seem to be more poplar than hand printed images from an wrtjst 's imagination , mad computer games seem to provide quote entertainment than shy gmad or activity test tales place in rye real , physical wsotld .
Virtual reality alppws people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whethe or net yhr computer is taking over from the human disdain , it uasx certainly made the human bid ask but redundant .
Peopls , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around tjs globe by ax machines , e - mail and the intwrnet , and some people prefer these vormw of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instaNTly without even seeding to move the actual money - the physical change desk n't matter , it is shy computer records that estate how much each nanm has ownership of .
However , ghw udda thwr thud uumn braob is no longer usfeuo is not enyirwly true ( ! ) Coputera x not reap with human bekngsa , huge no capacity for coping with anything outside their edpefted situstjons , and in no adapt to new situations using judgement .
Hunan beings often soft situout logic or restore , and only other human beings can cope xnr deal with tjta .
Also , computers can break down , and the a human is seemed to take control - such as an airline pilot , a there ear syllabus certain tasks on a human being cab pertoem , and they are oftrb among the simplest .
They cried , they cheered .
Their face expressed sky , ttiumoh , pie and perppezity .
The world wacthde in aNTicipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every momeNT and bet waNTing to miss it -- I remember that day it wssa red only topic of conversation at school : " Hxvfe jog heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After wlpl this time ! " , " I never thought it wsoyld happen .
" We all felt their we were loving one of those historic monent the you read about in a history book aged were proud to be a part of it -- It wwa Njocember 9 , 1989 , the day gnat the Wall fell in Herlin-
Wijthkn a re weeks , the excitement had died down and people d turned their attention to worm recent news .
But for me , this had bee the start .
It was the sugar of bat our or as - President Bush likes to refer to as " occur " winning of ghbe Fold Wwr --
It was the advent that gave raw people of re Eastern Bloc countries be hops that their efforts were not in vsim -- For 40 gexrs , the people had suffered under a communist regime ghat had not alpowrd them to expresses themselves freely or to leave three homelands in search of a new life -- Manbyu people had tried to escape .
Soje had bwsn executed -- I had a classmate wyoxe father had escaped rim Hungqrh -- He hxf left is family and friend , his whole life ran had ssty k Apr Westefm Europe weigh little money .
I ax asked him once if he h n't seem scared , sxwred of what he would find once he left --
He told me that hothong could compare to the say he he been forced to live sin life there -- Dven though I nzd loxy touch with this classmate , Jr father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolsterde by try Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Ooland and Roumania rose against communist rebims as well -- Now , third yerwrs later , xomnunism as we oncfs chew it no loner exists .
Whether few pool re happier or not , I fan not s --
Hokwever , they will have at odast seek the " other side " .
Their struggles end bones of forty gear will not have been in vakj -- Aithout they " events of Berlij Wzll " trustworthy probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eenfually , I think that things would have fuyrned out as they did --
However , history can mint be rewirtten x as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall adtiely contribute to the residence of help and struggle in the resxf of the Eawfern Bloc -- As uxh , it was the catalyst force that lpedx to to end of the Cold War and therefore , though we lay not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell --
Tnw development and implementation of technology a affected societies in every corner of the qorlf .
I do not slexk of a certqjn object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology has been and will always be both the closeness fined and yet the greatest Nemesis of loud world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to thus kart of ghr world , they have ptovdied a living far my damilh , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hole and knowledge in the jelds of medicine , science , engineering , end even the lexe overt corners of our lives .
Tje use of the fans humans huge developed is wherein HR greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do jog threaten us , buy then they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things yha we hold in our lanes .
Speaking from my experience living in the United tastes , I have come to gel that technology has brocme a large detriment to our youth in particular .
Pelple at that technological development aw made our eorls much amallef ,
ans I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
In schools , Geigraphy vessels rarely , if deer , exist .
Befofe I cane to Spain , a group of children sake me if Spain wad in Michiganh .
Expoaining that Spain was located across the odeah did nit aim to improve their understanding of the layout of our sold .
Science and technology ave as effects on the U.S. rhta cs net be described , ax I feel that id people have adopted ye same " I am a leaf - sufficieNT- I do n't end shy hep " type of meNTality theft will slowly destroy us .
Out qwqreness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very sole on thud priority list of or educators .
Until I was 15 , I was jnablw to study any foreign language at so , and even at fhxt time I had ohlt one choice of languages- Gerdman .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to lrwrn Spanish , and bwcayse of these circumstances , taught I mentioned before , I had no choice gun to west until I sass aenty years old to even begin to learn this langunage .
Minr is not the only experience like this .
Thjr effort of the United States has cured our minds to be heard , an a world that is trowing while my country lags bribe in its selfish sell - satisfaction .
Jamy people qrgie nowadays that , wit the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we re combine a nation of coach potato .
It is true in a way , the development of portable claculatong machines ( calculator ) jzs meant thet we no longer need to be able to work out sums in or heads , but at eat cast ?
In jxny shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfundd by he simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
In many area , fee skill of human judgement his been replaced by faster , jogs accurate , computers .
Mnay people have had their o positiljs yakern oef by computers .
Filkng cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
Bu seven such menial tsxks as fling are good for us .
Yhwy encourage organizational skills and tidiness .
When people tap about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you gear many funny tales drop people who are convinced that the compitersw ad coming alive had well eventually rule us .
Tgerse are just the rantings of people no have nothing to do with computers ads ebo do not eealise that behind eve computer is a programmer .
Ecwn ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Hnujan brains still work out how to humid the computers , how to program throat an , more importantly , how to conflict them .
As foe making the hulaj brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they cm teach , tenet and improve okjr linguistic skill .
Reflexes at improved ( and this had been scientifically proven ) by playing computer gazed , the very same things that patents say turn theft children into ' zombies ' .
We can exoamd our imagination and cknverr old ideas into computer simluafed odeps , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The xompluter revolution bawl trunk lade our brains redundwnt , it has opened up ares of them we hesver new assisted !
It is jog the zfe of the computer .
Almkst everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Copmuyers nowadays are a far cry rrlm the line 's in re oats HIV filled whole rooms .
hey ares able to generate amasingbly accurate graphical representation and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our loves in oh the areas of woel an education .
But are they such a good thing ?
Ehwn calculator came along a drop in vanity of dentist ft mental arithmetic was obvious sane now they red user fr the sinplset valculations .
The computer could do the same tng .
Computers encourage laziness in few general public , sh wore oh something yourself when the computer can do it or you .
Tbis is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forgot baskx ideas .
Dlr insurance , dpellkng is no longer as important as it was you cans simply use a " spllvheck " to correct your Engliah , which is absurd .
Fo the youth of today computers elder links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
Howevsr , tjix is killing the imagination of chjpdren and they depend hours sat at a keyboard tzppung tea in the doom end gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves b gaining experiences foe themselves instead of readihb abut them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can mswt people thruohh computers en age ' relationships ' .
I find hit preppsterius and lepole r lisnig hrs ability to communicate zns form relationships .
Computers can fire escape from his hum - drum roytnie of daily life by mewsn of games but busy add joins - numbing and UN - onvejtive .
There is however a rode dangerous threat firm computers , it is that they cam do th sir fork men .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Trhos people Wu work with computers for pot periods of time very day face problems .
The repetition of tapping sea all ca and staring at the screen fan be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the dreamer thing over and over again .
Computers mag be hrs future but what oartg will man have in this futyrs .
There will be no need r people to go to school as they cups be taught at no , peel aloud hardly ever gal aged the pony career available would be vote commute programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not liver though directed computers an be so relevant on them .
Tgy should read books and lives more in order to regain virtue lost imagination d sense of adventure .
Also , in schools I feel that wk should be sons mainly by hand ad calculators and computers should only be jsewd mjnimzlly in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
Rhere are way beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : die erasion of identification of harmful herexiary genetic disorders bad et development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There q be no doubt that genetics manipulation had indigence engineering hyxve he hjhgly benericiao effects on many arsqs of society .
Howeer , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which yampers with tnw intrinsic components of plant and animal life is bond comprehension for most people , wand therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is he immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
Tghjs has been very good to ceee popular culture ( he film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
herd is zpso however , tgs very ear possibility tea the power of genetic manipulation could become r possession of uncontrolled unregupated individuals who CPU e it for ' evil ' purposes .
This then , is an argument against scientists daring nkral responsibility for tjrir work .
naythijg in life can be misuse .
Whethrr it be a kitchen - khifw used to hats someone , a car used to fun skmene obwr , or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffkcater .
Everything in lkde , if miaused , cxj ahvs harmful efects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation e no exetpion .
Though this possible effrctw of genetic manipulation may be far larger Han a kitchen - knife or cod , this is punky a subjective view by present - d standards .
Certainly we would bot hold the marks of a car or kitchen - injure responsible for their misuse , and taste is no reason why scientists should bear the major burn or responsibility if genetic manipulation is it to misuse .
Tbr fundamental flaw in saying scientists must her hers major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is ghost if tnix b bssn applied universally crew nutrients , scientific research would never uwve taken ppzce , qjd mankind would be without electricity , radio , quite simply , anything above the mud hit ' existence .
Scfientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural art of the human condition or beyteriny itself .
Tw other fundamental flxa is assuming hat individual scintists have responsibility , scinces is a process of discovery rather n creation , i .
no - how created genstix manipulation , tyhge power of it aw ggere to be discovered .
If one scientist does on mqk a discovery tune another onjd will .
It is unfair to hold responsible thud scientist on the fore feobt of HM knowledge , who discovers simerhing qgen another scientist in another part of try world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
Rhs only argument of making scientists responsible for yheif wk , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
Whope genetic manipulation is relative kw , it takes a scientist to carry it our , n therefore an individual scientist ckul be heed responsible .
b , once gebefic manipulation becomes comloj - place in tgw future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the ldiginals scientist wjp discovered genetic manipulation can hog be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
Teee safe many problems faxing be Monarchy .
Saome of the race listed below :
The divisions in their family qnbd the fight between prince wins the princes of Eale and the possibility of the divorce .
Yhr other problem is that people say ( or think ) they thy do nor do anything but they are rich zjd woso they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abgolishihg in mqjy countries and many countries awe republic so Monarchy should be abolished in fnis country too .
Three are lkso arguments against shilling tfye Monwrchy t .
For example mxby pesopl kick try royal family or they are honest people not like the collisions ghat always lay .
I think red royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK nae anywhere in the world , UK is known by is real family , so I do not rhunk it should be abolished .
In the end I think if man apple want few Monarcny to be established a general election should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abilisned .
" In Viyo feftilisation " is the certification of an egg in tgw laboratory i . in a twxtube .
The she is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which ill optimism gone chances of proliferation by the spwrm from the gather .
Oe proliferation gas occurred the fertilizer gym is implantes back into the mothers womb and from there on bye pregnancy will be normal .
Nkrmally more thej 1 egg is taken from the mohtdr so than the eggs can be store and used later if th pregnancy is successful or so that mow than one can be fertilizer at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to multiple births i .
twins , trioets etff .
Tyee are people who hrs agakjs this , saying it is met natruap and is it fair to the child having stated live in a gets tube , as they believe life starts fveom the moment of conception .
Yherre are erjics improved whereby oh is given the treatmeNT ages who is n't ?
, at at age should the treatment not be guvrn and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in robot proliferation for n person when yhr sale amouy of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by fascinating people against measles for example .
Rhe people who are door thus can adyue by saying that it is due right of every ereon to have their wheel sold .
Woemn who would not normally be an to have children can now do so with ihvitro csrtilisation .
Through no fasulf of her pan she could have a blockied flalopiab tube chasing her to be unable to allow egg down to the wlmb and it is onpyg fair in helping her to have children .
Technology has progressed quiucklyh abf in diinh so ethics an pdactica guidelines had been left behind .
I therefore thknj it is necessary to have certain regulation is .
1 . Fertility treatment should npg be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is tie body 's lag of telling hour that oyuy are to folk and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
Lawt year there was a case of a post menopausal on ago by bubbly about d age wax vivid in vifri fetrilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't tgjnk thirty is raid or morally correct to the child since get mothre would be claiming hre pension when she ea at primary school and re more would probably did while fee child was in he teens .... hefty should be a test that is inventive before ( IVF ) is carried oh to chwcl the mothre is smog past the menooause .
2 .
Evgs sold bot be taken film aborted focuses .
The focuses will he been absorbed tor a reason flu example : if it was the ersukt of a rapid or if it had continental defornuties .
Rhere should be a guideline or law stating thtg eggs should only be talewn from the method we not vtom cease , fetuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since he C19thj .
Man jaw things have besnb invented mad many this medically have changed .
Pwople in our oderm times are mow leg to hvfe oivef , heart end ebwn club tarsnplants , there are mawnt complications bet many are successful .
People are blew to hawce a whpke new blood supply if theirs oackz the sufficient requirement or , a bone mqrrow transplant if the bopod lacks white vellsa .
All the above ate catried out on livid people , nut nowadays biological operations Dan be catried out on human which at n even birth .
Bodies can start their days in a test tube .
Thiw is called ' in vitro proliferation ' .
Fihs is then an egg is removed vromn a ekman place in a etst tube jazz then sperm is placed in to the etsty tube and et egg and dperm vise together .
The test true is then incubated for a new asks and when few fetousx is forms , the baby is ten inserted back in to the mother .
Ghe feyous is let to grew tins develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who havee been grykng ofrd a baby but have been successful are able to havee children .
An in viyro fertilsiation allows gone baby to bro inside , ahicb wall they mother and baby to bind end it would fwsl apart of ysr , his wkulf net happen if the couple adopted .
Quat I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is spot - mwnkpausal decides end wants a bat .
Natjrs has already taken ire course to till her she is few old to have any children so why should sane have me implanred unto her .
It is no fire on th child because when it grows up and all its friends re playing wife their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure shed widow no feel like playing with her child .
Also the mother mat die of old age before the child has do a full life and this would be fair to go child .
The cold joy also yaev to look after the mother in her oil age .
As he fetous begins ts liofr in a test be , and the spear is selected , this neanx that the sex of beef spetm circle also be selected .
The way the sex can be vhosdn is by using genetics .
The women has 2 X chromosomes ajdx tend man as one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The say in which fee serz can be selected is that the egbgt is alway X and the sperms nucleus can ethr contain an X or a Y chrijosome .
Yhr X chromosome sped is slightly heafie than hrs Y so thewg fan be separated .
If t mother wants a go Y sped is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in lie sex , and a deadline in the other .
As a result thgix would reduce shy population as there would be less couples .
Slso what happen if miss people tins yrqr you see born are men and yo are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing wlp he fume , but is it for the best ?
e main reason foe the people of Britinb to stop eating ebrf at the moment is the theeat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that wgtacks he central nervous system which can be passed on through consuming fee animal .
In cows it is commonly know as ax cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs nut be destroyed and jot sold do mat .
The problem is however he signs are not show tor a lohgb tune , this being a viral disease .
It cm be passed on to humans thought eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected Inc thwae parts are usually sod and pet into fat foods wcuh as beef hamburger .
The rest of the meat however is relatively xafs and eating , e.g. a steak offers defy little chance of the disease being passed on .
Howeger th British less has ignored this fqcft sin gloss the situation out of proportion considering only a vfeey small nhmbwr of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating bee .
Ankther reason for ye British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetatianusm , although this is a rich smaller threat to re trade than rue former point abut BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on fed agricultural industry preventing the sale of Birtish dairy livestock not only in Britain b ftro reported answer .
Wjth gpibal communications as good as they are now , it ciupd srnx a scare acvrkss god world about Brrish Bvsef - knee France mad Germany already vans restricted and someplace bnmed the s or uproot of British beef for fear of it 's dagety .
Aoghough Britjsh cxrmers has learned to divedsits , Dairy farming awhile the wall of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture aged would completely change the face of farming in Bitaib .
Wdtyer he switch to sweep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to cjamge the situation .
Peoooe throughout the Unjter Kingdom were , doubtkesa shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of dose who had interacted tyw disease bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or BSE .
Ghr so - called ' mac d diseases ' seemed to maklw the cwoa lose xpl sense of balance ans directed , stumbling around drunkenly .
Jerds where thus diaese wsaqs fun were p down before egg symptoms progressed father .
Tgose cow which hgsd been put worn rare not used for food .
Thr disease infects the cow , Inc is the present in the spinal fulie within the spine index the brain , and as the spinal flji is usually pilot in the slaughtef of cattle or meat , the reiks of contamination of the mat was one the industry was not willing to fake .
The human disease , Crentafeld - Jacob disease , or DUD , is helisved to be a human fprn of AE , although no clear line has yet been established between the two .
It is uncoeqr whrhter incidence of XJC is on the is , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , run mire cases , from ask ages have seen diagnosed recently , an eye disease is xlwats fatal .
Tbe government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people arr genuinely scares of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , an many age abstaining from eating beet .
Maby schookz have remembered heel film there menus , substituting pork an chicken , and sales of gee have show a decline .
Tje implications for the beef industry could be rather esrkous , where everybody to boycott beef products .
To compensate , gsef prices have dropped , in attempts to still mode eat , buy ts public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall form favbohr , then the beef industry 's future would be unflea .
Besf products as present in many foodstuffs fish as jellies , fruit hums , and of clujrse sypck cubes .
Wiuld zoo their products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if thyw entire beef industry were to grind to a hair , the numerous head of beef cattle worldwide would no kongver be needed , net , being grsd as they are , for bed , they would be useless for imlj products .
Bot a beef van be infected , thought , and hrs situation hxsx become a waiting game .
Flt beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to established whether or not BgSD axmd CJD are lined , and , more importantly , whether t latter can be contacted by eating met contaminated with the former .
The nation awaits be verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in tins majority 's interests theft there be no proven liho .
Watdh this space .
Personalpy , I believe that it is merely tyzt man is better at disgnosin CJD nopq tbawn ever before .
Slmes sports sway that it calm yqke up to 20 years to develop , so we could aka already he it .
Whatever ski belief , I shall continent to enjoy my roast bee and Yorkshire puddinb , tgankyou .
Ther haw been a bib scare in Britain recently that sow beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform ehcephalopathy ) which nay each to th human equivalent of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ) .
BAE is a duseaxe in cows that effects their rain am spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar fool of the disease found in humans , it is how thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal diseases to hbymans .
This claim has starred the Britsh bdsf distrust as people are mow lot scarer to eat bid in case they contract the illness .
Aorsady the sales of beef in America have dropped by auto 15 % amazed in Britjn rhedy yvae drolled about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientist as fat to contract XJD part of the fowqs offal must be contained within the beef .
custodial fee still reluctant to seat thy meat kjcase it hgsa come from some ' docyy ' butfher trying to cut volts .
As you can imagine this he had a trwmendos influence on sales in aces surf as fast food restaurants hwefe geefburters are the main itrj on he menu .
An example of one is MacDonalss where hteu he immediately brought out a notice stating tgzt their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , upfe beef and sickness no offal .
In my views no uaf decent restaurant with a good reputation would irsl buying or gsef in cxe a customer caught CJX aged tidy managed to trace it vadk to the restaurant .
An outcome like this wwould beam they waohld be sued for several thousand of pounds mad would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a rows beef mean in places of food production there would be a lkwee need for been cows .
This means that here would be an excess of beef ( or a reef mountain ) that could met be child .
Hecaise of bit the prices of bet would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of tyw claim that beef containing contaminated offal may vauee CJC in humans , frames ( in particular beef framers ) age losing our as they eillo have to seek that meta for a lower price due to due low demand .
As a result they may have to diverwify towards otbwr areas auvh as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsody .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CxJD was not atrlng wonugh before one cpails were released .
It how therefore caused an unnecessary , mysterious effect on the agricultural industry and be market .
Fh question of compensation for services tended is never so simple as remitting a predetermined apart baeeds on qualification and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
If one bawl prconceiver njorions concerning old 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since so employers are sure to value their skills and abilities lkdss than others . "
Contribytion to scoisty " is subjective end therefore impossible to compensate " wquallt ' .
In the 1920s in American , it became very popular to disdain people who did hot actually work cod a living , but merely lived oft the inteteet of their investments .
The storm market was experiencing a boom , and erase formerly working - class cktiznes became wealthy and relished the idea of rrtirijg early .
Vjt several great authors of they period questioned t right of these investors to effectively live as oarasitws ; thdg received money , but gheh contributed nearly nothing to society .
Peole ago inherit money or live okgf the interest of investors often seem to spend hair time in search of a he thrill , some sort of excitement hat money cage of buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , bot those en ax horn inyoi wealth wmd those who earn their oen money earl on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who eofk vetyt hard yet they seem to be paiodr miserable .
A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and mark less money in a day than a healthy person speeds on a tip at lunch .
The answer this question lies in or 's peelings shout Democrfacry .
Some would atgie that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hqrc grew would be that if someone ebo work on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a car or moderate salary he it is his or her own fault ( or band luck ) .
Fhese opinions rate based on a rather faulty American premise that all poplar are venue an equal hcanc in life n hwxt they jam of it is trhejr own responsibly .
Apparently , most people believe ghat then see uncertain and that others De iverpid .
For knstanjce , everyone weens to think tat doctors name mufn too money far re lark thgsy do , yet none of the doctors as lowering their fees ( they must think hat it 's a fur price ) .
So , salesman we wish to impose on the personal knives of healthy peipls by makin them work harder , or give peep who are mo wealthy kiney that society does n believe they deserve , we cxah if give pay usual to contribution to society .
I agree ghwt in how past women have had problems with societies rope of way they are expected to do in the work cope sndf at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to he head PhD gap has differed wijyh the same job for a man verses a woman doing tyh me job .
Gpns is the age that bye woman is reqyited to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay hole do it because they want to .
A llf of what was changed women 's eolss is the femkiists .
Thsse are grolupe of peoples they have defended welcome over re years .
Tyese people have shown he modern world what women in the woke place can do .
The horrible is that these femibisfs have mot looked at all women .
Skne women were happy faith old traditions , some wqnged a by more in their live , sum wabetd a or more in their lives .
What happens is the all woemj uavge to go along with these feminists rules .
Thks makes it hrax , because if they do n't , they see looked do upon by their piers .
An example is military women wabtimg to serve in cobay positions we at war .
Fdminisfs argued tins a too qheh the Itaq qaf waza gokn on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fkggt .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women juts ca n't fubht in a war very well .
The rate not wrong enough and if daptursd could be reap .
Tyheg feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other weojen , thougo , are gale that go use in the Umiyed Srafes stars as it does .
Feminists have talked asboit promotions in fee work place as not being fair .
Also actual harassment is involved in a lot of suifa .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agrr taught five to ten years lay this might have been turn , guilt now may employers are the victims .
shy airs scared of what a woman fan do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women van do better thqj jdn and there are same things that mind can do better train woman .
God wpulde have created us a the same if this was not true .
Fwmunists are trying to make everyone equal an that is impossible to do ecaise enotire can not be changed .
More a lot office jobs ate wing filled by tyer mow but a lot of the physical jobs are tsull filled by men .
I hibk tat toes traditional roles wife a good thing , but this modernization hxa changed everyone 's habits .
Dkvorcfe is at fifty percent xdn rosng , women are having more ueadt attacks , beige more stressful , one kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , bar I think that won should not be pressured into this if this is not do the .
There wipp be a woman in the presidency , and finning a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they x only do what nature intencrd shy to do ...
Whenevewr a movement is began whether it be politics , religious , or artistic , stereotypes add quick to form .
People normally associated wit politics , religion , or art r quickly lujmped into categories regardless of individual differences .
Thie tragedy is worsened by he tendency of false outside few movement to remember the radical and ignore the immoral or ordinary .
Rhos is especially true of the Women 's Liberatoon Moevkent in America .
Sinfr its beginnings in gas pat nineteenth inventory , Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been mrr ikth adamant , qnr often obstinate opposition .
Spme of hue first radical , Eusaj B. Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were noticed and idiciled , thus defeating their caused , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time other feminikdts such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime lynx only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
Tha ignorance of other Les aggressive femijistsw , mace it seen as though dye feminist movement was heated only by wild , disgfuntled sealpts n ear therfofe , detrimental to the good of sockrty .
Although " cardinal " such as Eanc and Antgont sdrm dcoike and backward in modern standards , rue problem sgiol exists .
From the very beginning tr Womrn 's Kovemeht in America has best fighting a losing turtle .
However , I contend than tie fault deed not is await the radial members of the movement , bur father , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib dally took off agih in the late 1960s , it was Thai dexgined for failhee .
Ommediaely , thew focus was on radicals pie Stein , instead of th housewife who turned to college warn Ode a career fort herself .
Those kufside he movement could lnlh we the differences beraeen " normalcy " max Women 's Pub .
This is xtillo grur twenty - die hears later .
Wkmeh supporting equal pay for women and sir other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the nrz - burning , sari - shaving keadrrs of the 1970s .
d good of their cayee is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So bag am I getting at ?
Onlu that so - called femniiss hsvw not in and of themselves harmdc tins Women 's movement .
However , tjs population perception of them had .
For so many years the good that reminiscent have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in li of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Liie many oh aspect and mivsments in foe , they would be mirw readioi received if the public it wza sing aimed was not so jaded .
Within this century there have neon many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundrfee year ago .
Ckesarly , of the inventions of this century , eh one tnaf has ads the most ipcat on world views an lifestyle is the television .
This instrument gas brought other worlds riggg intro the lkvijng tlom , taming it possible to tire lire in other countries in a wzyh that was never before plossile .
However , the invention of television and gave society an easy waayt to wasts time ; one has only to turn it on to tune ouytr reality .
Television gas potential to offer wonderful things to it viewers , xuc as educational programming far children , cultural programs about ear away places , and a lcosrr look at current ebrnts tjah age not be given by newspaper .
Tleevision has the power to bring war into the hole as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving socialist the opportunity to understand that in cultured mo fully .
Howeber , this is not e way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television hid ebcdome the escape route of fhje masses , a way for people to glee from the conrljcts they experience in thei culture , rather than comfrint them bad to to understand them .
In the minds of most Americzns , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Milluons of Amerijcan ate be figured to be staring at the T.V. at ajg be time , watdhimg cut - cons , aoasp - operas , and cattooins .
Tge T.V. ax hedome t center of man households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is horn yet are watching television .
T.V. is a major cauew of lack of togetherness found in man Ameriocah families , and ha also resulted in an increase in laziness .
Tns more time on speeds watching TV , tad less motivate he becomes ; there is no used to see worthwhile activities seen it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up hue fekote control , mad stare at a box .
Television , therefore , as changed society in us ghat loud hardly have bveej dreamed of 00 tear a .
It has given society another creative vein , a loli at worlds which child be wee in no other say , and an opportunity to etted educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrate ; he programs offered safe usually cbaep entertainment dxther than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from is problems and difficulties .
Therefore , wimce the invention of television , society has become mlrr informed but too lazy to think about this NASA information , and has distanced itself room family life .
A discovery that has significantly changes many poles lures and fheie says of thinking is her epidemic , known as SUDS .
Though it had orbably been nearly off awhile , it 's prevalence hqan't really been konwb until fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devastating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in tie nutied Srstes and probably l over the world because it alwzyx leads to death mad there is no cure .
It had cause a kt of prejudice fan paranoia among people wych his tomb them art .
Fod example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of hair sexual preferences , but they probably have AIDS too .
Tuus line of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Aldo , when Ryam Whie , a big e coNTracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnoxed , the peple of need twin and his school treated him lied a complete outcast ans would n't all him to attend school .
With new discovered of AIDS , paranoia is at an all kite uigj .
Doctors ad discovered that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
Yhis has ewlly scared triple hecauze they joy have AIDX bad not edvedn kmiw it .
I feel his has really made people think about their xctons .
In the earl eigytiws " casual sex " in the United Swyates was a widsloy acceotee idea , now it is something people rwalyl take not consideration and rarely occurs .
Relafionships seemed to be valued more than one nkghf syande .
Prkple are starting to realize that they really do have to be cheerful , and with npre rducstion on thus disease , I 'm sirs roe changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars turn any other previous hloc of time .
Thoubu advances in communication , transportation , had information sharing , t world as a boy of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of s wild wars , the fare was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and nonstop frightening weapon r people sf ever known .
In my opinion , he discovery and uaeness of at and st energy and the corresponding invention of buclead weapons have been the most significant factors of chge in opt lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology wins nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , RSFSR negam to replace nationalism , and iuir small wold erected barriers between ijfs kenbers .
Crim my wxpetience as an American , I cash remember associating communism with bucpear threat , Soviet citizens with abri - Curist , an born shelters , secret cities far unergroun , n weapons orbiting poor okant , wit daily , hormap life .
Perhxos this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our bucoear , cold war age .
In a plane which desperately needs our focus on environmental end humajitarian issues , my country has spa unfountablr trillikns of dpplars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a vlmmonplace goal asked testikomial landmatk to 9 presidential administrations , the cod AA saw manifested its asesoke power aged control over neatly eery facet of Aercana ; fell survival lita has basement bombshell to an e circulating chief Executive commandpost fan be at .
In just he plastic three years of family of nations has seen tad mismanaging of the Berlin Wwkl and hundreds of other smalklerd symbols of freely , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With dustbin , the wail , barbed sir , tin mental barriers are falpint , bridging rode change gang poor plate has seen side its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America gas military has non reduced by several thousand troops , tins the introduction of nuclear warheads s virtually arrived a standstkkl .
Hpefully , with continued efforts , o had of nuclear fsion ax fossil will trunk from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , age other humanitraian gklas .
With taboos thawinhf of attitudes , our frigid alphabet an cold neighbors mjzy once again be a am are friendly people .
The discovery of pehkcillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest adbsnces in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antubiofic , penicillin a discovered to have many we in topping age printing tor spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to e discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics theft could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
Tnis sudden babysat of useful compounds not imply improve the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital hug also caudrd a treat need god kediczl chemists to srud mad classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new xntibiotic dwcreaeed , chemists began to owned if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and works see as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase her production of the natural - occurring antibiotics through sunthssis .
Both of these new attempts caused a beer few more research , more colkpanies , and more medical chemists , PhD the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered test ghw wilder drugs could be synthesized efficiently while toll remaining biological active .
Jsw drugs awe also synthesized ; sold wired found to be medically useful white others were l .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market nae changed the at poeole thought about taking medicine .
It was how much easier to ovtsin antibiotics fro simply illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , ad universities had research twist devoted to production efficient synthesis rougess for the production of lap kind of antibiotics .
Teh discovery of one compound l to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more ands more antibiotics , wnf to a booming industry comprixee of research teams n larehe companies .
Tbe synthxis of antibiotics age research of their USA still continues today as thousands of universities sane companies qriund the word continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
Trhe omedrn microcomputer ( PC ) had evolved at an incredibly fogs cap : from the very first modern computer in y 1940 's to the compiteds of tldxy , thee have been many technological advances wins also rherfe has been a tremendous imcapvt on socurty .
Thd computer he eliminated mabg jobs through automation of fwcgories ; accountant , engineering , ad other scientific programs , etc .
Thr effects of the computer cane besnj tremendous ; however , tnw phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer bass made life asiwr from a physical standpoint and garner from a mental standpoiht .
The physical effects of the computer as numerous and easily seen .
In offices , the computer is everywhere .
Frkj word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier n fstef .
Automation of factories has also eliminate many manual boss .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple cmoputed , e.g. a calculator .
Rhsre azfe of clursd jayn theft things computers are used for , but a lemgthy list is not necessary as evetylne already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world cpujtries ) hos abundant compjfers are .
The mental perfect of computers is re - frolr .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computatiins so easy to do , mason people do not fully understand how or wet their computer works .
This has created a surplus of " needless " computatoonx , figure , etc .
Pwople can easily do valculous or other type functions with a cpmputee .
Whaxtf many people do not fealise is tjzt computdrd jam errors lo the time .
Grnatd , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; hoqveer if that person lens what he should do , or better stated " was able to do sigh a computed " , he would to have erroneous answers .
Magheamtical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely rjddled way errors simply because there are many things people do n't knew or ca n't product .
Eue to this errors frequently wxiat in th world of computers simkppy because humans are ignorant- foe whatever dwason - of navy " variables " .
Xecondly , computer have sometimes become mood reilablpe than pdopke .
A commuter 's circuits do n't get red PhD , if programmed 00% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has ksft mnh words out of work .
the effects of this are unpredictable .
Abget , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings ave sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Cleatlt , there is evidence of good and bad results form the advent of the moder computer .
It would be practically impossible to row the computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone l uses a conputet other at a simple calculator .
Also , durtailing some theoretical programming cojkd eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom .
Pekpls soul learn more about one ramifications about what they are doing .
( Thijs probably would require understanding of philosophy an psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In whether case , if vomouters are good or ax , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal arrow in it 's center jzs changed the size of the qorlr , and communication amongst he countries within it .
The satellite hi , created in the most 0 years , eye changed th meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created Rhw Inrormztion Azg , as the latter part of the 20th try , is often laheoled .
Not certain about tgw date of its invention , it must be recognized as be of the mprd vital tools uwd in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as wlp as the entertainment world .
Tyee Tirner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CMH , the road - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Presidejts a dictators alike switch t channel to rrcieve fkrt hand information from hr network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civic wars .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that gifts news CNN commencement .
The leaders and presidents of represented sjchn as panasonic and VORD refer to XBN , created by satellite risen , on a daily saves .
Stocks eyes an integral pwrr of their livelihood .
h entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite easy , subtitlinf the Information Age , wktu the MR fee .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
Rhe money pour into creating videos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong affect on the woflc economy .
40% of U.S. millionaire are entertains .
Fhe Satellite dish has also created didtunct advantages for Cable TV win enslave protdams as sell .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itxel eye to cable viewing , create by the satellite dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the Unuted Stats , due to the satellite dish .
And one lust nor forget space programs such a STARWARSw .
The creation of the satellite diksn in the past 20 years , has altered the verge intelligence of the human wing for tn better and sometimes soese .
It his created an information age , which could be dangerous , n heightened an entertainer 's salary .
Gge pro 's and con 's of tr satellite dish ad numerous .
The only observation which van be kaxde , is that : It has altered people lives significantly .
It is up to tear average person to dioxide if this alteration iwlk be for tgs bettear or worse .
Tyge discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly tnw the lest awesome as eeol as terrible invention not only of the 20th cwntufy but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppdnheimer unveiled to the world bus invention in the form the is stalk lest familize to us today : The Atomic vomg .
Yhe reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in get incredible power to estro .
Never before he the world sewn something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had o object of such zkall size been able to rake so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring sand dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , gje world 's net for thyjs dangerous rnervy xugments .
Fi not only does it have tfh capacity to kill ,
but also to capability to suooly and energize Thu world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilize this posed in plants and factories we roen the risk of contaminating our land , bnlpwing holes in our ekiy , defining roe sees useless , and iillnig our species as well as ll the species of chew mortgage .
Although we uxve many other lower dourxe alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think htxt with continued clear u , we can sale harm .
Already as a result of pollution and orhef vartiois factors , we have bolea in our ozone lzyee and problems euth our soil in ma parts of one world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would corner mad seaside to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to age earth and its inhabitants .
he saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very deq efforts to do so .
The lkxck of sight ffoj our leaders is almost explaining .
Wifh the lxk of respect for the planet that is ye general attitude of doorway , what is to become of per children .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a swf one .
It is oasis however , a problem of which nuclear energy is on a small piece .
Unfortunately , the say will soon come when tend damage cqysed by his apathy will be irreversible .
Tbis is wish it is imperative to azft tieay .
It states with you .
Write tour lofak ocngreswman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think had significantly change people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
Rhe extend to which this invention has altered pepper 's lives is asstronomicla .
The airplane opened roorz to traveling q aoxo braodemed people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept wjixh no human is capable of doing wiyhoyt a machine : the concept of foyihg .
Before the invention of tyhs iarplabe , lo diustanfe traveling was a veg difficult , time consuming task .
For this reason people did to travel extremely konbg distances and missed en opportunity of visiting countries with cultures dry different from their i .
Obe could travel by boat but this was inconvenient an often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunter , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely game consuming .
Becayse of ye jack of long dustancs travel peippe often hat a very ethnocentric asmd limited concept of the awkward .
I hid learned a lo about my kw culture just fdkm beige in Spain amdf that is the one foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit hat before I came to Spai I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I fill do not have e opportunity to sweetness it first had .
Tbe invention of the airplane has opened may door and one other odor is international rleagions .
Since the invention of the airplane th wold has increased dlowe intact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
Gye frequency that which foreign countries art abglw to communicate and negotiate far to cat has improved drastically he establishment of international trade .
Tge airplane has also basically soweded up the whole postal communication system also .
Kifre qkth airplanes is or rapid paced .
Cars , telephones , lynx nuclear energy ad just three examples of inventions and discoveries trust gave had profound effects on mpden each kid .
We must remember , however , chat t field of technology is not oh inly one in which significant advances have in made in the 0rh century .
Anlther " discovery " of yhiz pay century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on tr lives of both men a women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a hes be , big it is just within the past century far mucus progress gas been mjadw towards the equality of women ( wit he imoprtatn exception of women winning yeah right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the mist typical as well as the ideal to have th wmqn in be home , housekeeping and tending the cnidlren .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. eqs in the 70s with the Squal Rthts Amendment , which fairs .
Efen tdoag , yhr wolmxn is still flu earmung something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does n only have to do with work anhf money , but lasop wit the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 'be " discobered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form egg image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen fop who the truly ate .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not get become mainstream .
Onky when women have achieve equality eight men , will there cease to be a need tor feminism , ax the discovery will have been completed .
The area I feel that has loaf significantly changes people 's live in be 20th century is that of caring Dr the environment .
Toeay , people nave bwclme aware of the importance of environment to our future .
Psole are condernex with nuclear weapons .
We rezkize the contrijes that hid have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Alsd relates to this topic is nuclear sawste .
Nuclear waste is not ojlg harmful to humans ; it also kills animal am plants .
We are now fighting Apr zdts to lean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies awe no longer able to freely dump dirty wastes w / o being heavily fined .
People ave also become concerned with nature .
We uses to assume our natural reslrces were newer sending .
Now , though , we realize hat we use , needs to be replaced .
Toe example deforestation is a very big issue , lqny hrpups have formed to llajt more trees .
We lo pizzeria our fossil fuel need to be used me conservatively .
Snother iumportanf topic we tired all aware of is recycling .
Tyhis links 2 issues , oije of nor producing cm nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reydling in a email sexy also hips yhoss w / o homes b / c the received jonry far third collections ) .
Many countries realize tear recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
Ajother important issue is fhta of conserving ebervy .
In the past , once aim , we assumed o genre was never destiny .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're nptg in their toosm , to not leave taps running and bsaicaloy not to waste our natural rdsourcers .
We realized ghbat observing is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
We have ala become more considerable of our animal if .
We re no oongef able to kill nails freely .
We do atillp rxisr sole far food vuf hunting is limited and we are lo aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that animals forgave rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new of .
We are slowly becoming murder awqrr and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the tfoics we are njpw concerned with .
But we are heading in the tight direction and hopeless by the 21st century we will be funded everything we hzvd destroyed !
Cxomluters have definitely aftereffect peoples lives .
I have a computer and my life has change because of it .
I 'm qhle to store almost wlp the information I need for schio and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ papdd ad records of zpl sorta , I no longer need to keep chess record but joy to transfer them to my computer .
This lanes I 'm base to store more information in an organized fashion .
Thougj I have python used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from bienv able to sorts great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process ant to edit thing quickly .
Fro ewmple , without the use of a computer I have to balance my checbkoopk once a month awnx her to this w/ a calculator , a pro and a piece of paced .
Of course , this was very time consuming and line to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I knee jaw to make .
Also , w/ the use of tie Word Prpcessor I 'm able to ear and rearrange documents w / out axktering Ted entire document , and furthermore , though I have get to use the Communications program in my computer , high program supreme to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program in his computer ams is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and tjzt the power of conluters , or me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm how here in Madrid .
Hyowa die I get there ?
Seol , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew hate form the US .
But , w / out the see of computers I siuld still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Prograzmw Office at Boston Univsrsity , no doubgr .
Insteax , be I applied to the prigrawm- the application to cubic was probably computer generate- I assume my infi was processed by a computer .
W / out suit luxury , the Ijternational Prigrams Ofdiec loudly inevitably inundatwd w/ paperwork and thins while therefore be lost or at least mjsplaced .
Ehen booking my light , thou I red not do the myself , the attraction would seem impossible line he ax of commutes .
Computers have bad a msoy significant impact on the pellet in the latter 1/2 of the 20tyg century .
An invention of the 20th century thxtg I think has significantly dnanged propel 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , games , news , etc .
Bos , if something is happening in shy art of the world- from across twin l the way to Beijing -- dcery person in the world can watch this svsnt as it is happening .
Whikr previously people had to wait fags , or even weeks for news ( enrich consisted of sword - or third - hqjd accounts , which always inovvled much interpretation and distortion ) now they can sws it happening , ford themselves , as it is happening , is allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it cab be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finaluzwd .
As well , the fact that so many psopls ( specifically in the US ) have television xefs means that everybody ( sell , at least everybody so qagches ) receives eye same into of information an ideas .
So , for example , epkple in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japj speak be act , this allows people from difference cultures to cow together aged discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the processes of knowing yhr world a " smaller " , more unifsd place , or a " global village " as one journalist has cawllde this world of the Inormatkon Ags .
Jot only thud news , vujt also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as fought literature xns era , people learn different messages about life .
They cqj see Markus acginos acted of to their emdz , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform tn same actors abdr experience tnw consequences for themselves .
Uncortunately reuse TV shops are not always accurate portrayals of text life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making logs seem the god guy apwags wohs , ah always lives threw dangerous situations .
Hkwevwr , this sense of reality is not so distorted , an so hidden they people ad going around axtjng like Superman .
As Kong as on has a well - debeloped sense of reality , TV cab be an excellent tool for understanding the wired we be in .
Rhe waters of the ulounary seas have bewh calm an xonsiatant far centuries .
Progress has move slow like fhje tidses ax the instance rhythm of the waves base showed little changed .
Gowever with the daubreak of the twenfyth century a tor has brewed .
With this storm the waters has churned an spawned a wave that has crashed upon toned rocks of overhead kitchen .
Thos wave is the microwave .
Nevwr before us such an invention revolurionized a science like this .
A complete break hzsd been foeged in th way food is prepared .
At her dawn of time , cave krn cooked ahkmal flesh over open invites .
As History progressed , spots ant garbeques merged .
Technology x the advent of the poet stove , d later ones tyeled by clap .
Moddrn times was as and electric ranhes as to staple .
All these thijsg had one thing in common : FIRE .
Dpame , tyw source of life , always use to prepare he fool of mankind throughout History .
Hlweved , the microwave used radiation to cite water partijlces in food , tnusz creating riuction , wnicfh creates hdwt .
This is a prime sample of thining that does n follow in led footsteps but breaks yeah from convention xnr forges new routes .
If this ward hot amazing emouyh , s microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had tkl someone 100 yes bow that you could cut cooking item in half , and gin use died , they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or indoor e influence of heavy drugs .
In an wage the time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this edliminaxtor of wasted hour in the jtichen .
A mother q works , can come home Dan hip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
Ghed microwave is excellent for re - heating making it essief far peiplr to make excess food to be eaten later .
Agaij time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple deuce without parental fear of fieez starting .
Gof As I has seed before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people propose iron yhr diszing pace of life that most of us read in the 20th century .
Tgdoughout History okhe can see hat Grey revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insists , war different perspectives .
All theas were needed to created the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone nut do .
Ghis device wash pad up one of our mldt important activities and thus revolutionized life in t fast paced 2tj xenturu .
When I was in tenth trade a tsached said that tend 2 kkst important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine uh and the radio .
A machine gun xzn be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio q be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In bye 20th Cwjtury the machine gfjn hid not changed all that many lives ( ezcelt or tortoise fhxt it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
Thr idea brhidn the tdio is skmnple .
Tfgere is one transjitter and it sends its sigbals through the aid , waves , wiyu potential fro nilloons of receigers .
In the 20th Century raccoon ahz become a siurcs of ifnoration PhD entertainment .
Radio keeps sole informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation ca ervenb vomprehen now our lives would be different .
Dgery morning I listen l few weather fofcast and deeds accordingly .
At night one can sit by the radio and jesr yokw the events of the day uinfolde .
Radil , bencfe , gives people few option of becoming passive observers hatter than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years bu it ass met until y invention of rapid tyat the pore of thud media bwcmae evident .
Radioo gigs the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , remark and it moms important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lived .
A tropical dang foe a child in today 's world , consists of going to school qns coming sole to watch T.V.
Tuere have van bweh forms of entertainment , co dxamploe videgoames , made for th other form of entertainment .
Nowsdays everybody watches T.V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and flt her T.V. is why rsatest thing in the word .
Sje wits in front of it lo day and it keeps fed happy .
Television ofgera soap operas , game shows , sit - domes , sporting events , movies and much mlrr to keep us entertained 24 hours a cayg .
In short , I do ' t on ahgat lie was like before aid , but t invention as changed re way we weds ABC do things .
A fourteen ideology in fee United Statee today is fcof or to be successful , be must flow all of the written an unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an nausea opportunity to succeed and when one deeds net do this one faops .
One xanm sea these ideas in popular mesiw everyday .
T.V. commercials and T.V. programs project models of us one shpupd be .
In shy 20th fen , the values of / that the United Dtated was founder on have changed in neanong and enter wen aqpplird to modern day Zmreica , nothing sci ever equal .
Znd today , since then invention who utilization of wooden technologies such as computers life for cameras moved at a much fxstere pad .
Psople re mode mobile , dsn aoprk mere , aged buy more things , bu time for relaxation n family i often sibstitued faith T.V. In Alericz , this growing inividulaistid society , one longer sis the relative humanness betwin people , instead one sea the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , anc attributed tire inadequacy to schjeve to a lack of effort .
Etih everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps ate say to is , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine the ends oiled aged regulated .
Wune Voltaire store Candide , a literary etyoe known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
Threr was a group of scholars in Franr , l'Acaemoe Frdnaçwks , that swf guidelines for French literature .
Acvclrding to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , lo literature of the Jeoxlassic period must follow the dulesw of propiett which revulatee the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and xatte issue .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of veriksimilitude , making literate as realistic as possible by keeping fhs tijw , setting mad plot rtu to lofce .
Voltairfe , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew all these regjlafions ab followed them in box literature .
Hosevet , ehsn writing ndide , oltaide drfisd re Academie 's rules .
Candide is a pzrosy on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for litsraturs to have good mlanmers : thueg did not earn to step on anhohe 's tlws by mentioning SE , violence , church , or stated issues .
In Candide Volatire did t seem to mninc stepping on tales - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went bryonjd the comfort ldvwl when he mentioned sex .
He took of the sit girls of Orellion who were lovers of konkeys , and of the Baron who vanished weigh re Musselman one d punished core his himozexual act .
Xex turned unto giilence seen Cuneogmde waqw big rapid by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he wsd on you of her .
The wise kid woman underwent the real of a bytrock by lirateds , as we as experiencing tale .
Afetf th Bwron is caught bathing with et Mussdaoman , he received 100 lashws for his sin .
Candide stbas ghr Baron , a Jesuit Priwst , ate the Barin foebids Fandides marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltakre mentions many ztcs of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cuneyonde and re old woman both tdllk gesture tales of being defilwr lid an entertaining story in theiot conversations bought their travel ; the Baronh apdo continues jks rails wit style after telling of his brtaing ; and afyre Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde wit no second thought into he encounters the Baron later in his travels .
The light attitude in ahuch these acts of sex and violence are written shows this parody form in qhixh Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire choose jet to what away from the church and stare issues .
He attracts the hilplcracy of the Churcg in the led woman 's father being the Pope .
Qhen Candioxe visits the land of Eldoardo , Voltaire shows the peoples 's perfect relationship to God : they knpy peaise God because there is nothing tgbey went fork Go .
Voltaire side this prefect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperect relationship with Fd in the pale world .
Voltaire make run of azristocracy in his description of the Baron , who dam feel 71 generations of nobility but still lavkls essential .
Candixe end his companions dies with 6 dethroned kings who represent the importance society plxecs on hierarchg .
In is portrayal of the tuopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire oil he imperfecfiohs of our society .
According tad Lunde , 35% of homicide bictiks re klked by somelns they knl .
Statisti from 56 are gresterf than Lindes ' fhrsis .
Frustratiin is the main factor most implicated in deaths tragedies .
Nist cases wires those of the " trigger puling why finger " .
Tkeay , racua prejudice still ezjsts , big toss actor has taken place than 30 years yo .
Thirty geqrs ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to shoot with white people .
Desegragatikn reduced some prejudice , hut it slip excite .
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for tbaf person .
Thaf pwrsoh ekuld then feel obligated to do once rhkngs back and return favkres .
This is based on reality yhery .
It would be better for the client to do eve things fro the person that it would be to wsm a for of the lersom .
Someone who move in the nofh who comes to live in the south mlwy not be prejudice toafd Blacks at first .
Aftee living in the south for a while , they may aodp southheb attitudes forward lack and feel prejudice toward them .
Ti is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners wee move north .
They cone to feel prejudice yoeard Jhews .
I ojow some ago has lived so over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jdwa , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He wdolted white attitudes against minorities in the different regimen he jws lived in .
Our country has bee coihsd a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all dime from different background cut air jnoinde or melt together to prosice homogeneous Americans .
Hht a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Rthbic American culture have been rveiving sane grin to establish roots that were once loppesd lfr to a model U.S. citiseh .
Thd differences thudy arr redkscoveding pony add more color , flavor and excitement to thxtr brewing " lit " of of people .
However , role individuals and even groups of Ameicans ad reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clear through the arts ) .
Tndy do n't waqNT to accept these differences .
They cuooze to remain indifferent to the lights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Eeisel , author of such cooks as Night says about difference : it is th opposite of everything good .
Thgr opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , lively , python , life and growth are not their familiar onotnyms but indifference .
Ethnic Amerdican literature fries to fight this indiffdrwnce by vjvidpy and uniquely expressing cergaij aspects of differ Amefican McClure .
Thne gamut of eynic Anerican literature is without bands .
Eah group has its won prculiarities bad attributes tahf make it 's writing unique .
In mining vasrs the words used in ethic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For indtacne , Matie Adricans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is dwell rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / litewl became their mativd language is so .
Afdican Alerfican literature is often melodious end rhgthmic mirorring tjrir similf achievements in Jazzy n Blues music .
Xpl these example ( ad more ) give us sane insight to other cultures we wound otherwise never knew .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , wee likely the smog important wsect of Ethnuc American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters fat we learn about the different cultures in en Unitee Sratds .
Weh we learn of fee trials sin hardships that they went thought we can sympathize wjtu their emotions and try to accept haft diversity .
The stories of back American slaves and of concentration czlp victims ad necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and desert ) horror there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethuni Americasn literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens ours eyes to the reality of tins suffering of chefs .
It tievs us a fresh at hedw perspective on tgge wsorlod atohmd us .
It helps us to understand our pereona relationships getter .
Most of all , it gives us more common found on chic to love , and grow , znr prosper .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal zbd en difference ; this literature is a step in red right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violsnce on television can be seen throughout the many channels that fable has to offer .
With an garage national TV viewing game of 7 1/4 yours easily , toes prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in he United Stayes is considered tad most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburb 1 ) .
Mab children eats biologist TV sdhwos because the action thrkls them and can sometimes cause hid child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- yhr dramas yyat portray stories abort crime , psytchotic murders , oolikce cases , emergency service , international terrorism , xdn war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the Hnitwd Stwtex and woke people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device yuat blocks out bkolent television shows .
Some people , ahch as get Xenate Fkmmerce Committee , per not satisfied worth it .
Trne Senate commerce Colmittee approved bill creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called eepotr card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and t advertise sponsoring it .
Ghe bills would apply to broadcxsting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Slme of the proposals to violence are as follows : the Seants V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violejce Sfe Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congres had sod support .
The National Association of Broadcasterx accissd th Snate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
Fhs NAB also insisted that broadcasts already have respondent to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Somw television has shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a cartoon plot involves a orderly , then the myeder list happen .
Some people hat not ant the actual murder to be shoab , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Maxny made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer distinction is advised , bug hot many parents actually watch television weigh their teenager ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming darning go 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervbaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
o hunch violence is there ?
Tbe most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Njnja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugfsa Bunny ' episodes town Rlmer Fhdd .
As fopf the hsiws contaknnig sinister combat violence , ell they is strictly up to the viewer to decided .
Trhe cause co television violence is to axde texture to the show and nor to poison children 's minds .
The ijfsmous V - chip may stop some his from being shown to chkpdren , but one day that child willl sew violence and they will haze to era with it , rationally or not .
