My town is a mediuj sxize city with eughty thousaqnd inhabitants .
It hss a ihgh density pouplation because igs smal territory .
Despit of it is an indusyrial city , there aer may shops and departmetn stores .
I recommend visitong the artifjcial lake in thge certer of the city wyich is surrounded by a pxrk .
Pasteries arr very common abd most of thdm kffer he spexial deseert from thd dity .
There are a comercial zone along the widest strteet of the fity were you can fjnd aol kind of establishments : banks , barz , chemists , cinemas , peg shopsd , restauratns , fast food restaurants , groceries , ttavel agenciee , supermarkets and othees .
Mkst of ghe shops have salez anmd offera at least threw montys of ths gear : Jasnuary , Junw and Aigust .
Tye quality of the products abd services are quite gooc , becauss fhere wre a huge competition , however I duggest you taking czre about soke fakes or cheats .
Everyone hsa his oen plasn .
Peple want to be a dovtor , ogher want to be a teacher .
I nave my won plan roo gut I do n't same to fhem , I wantf to become a Kournalist .
Working as a Journalist is very exciting because amny reasons .
Forst , I iwll have an oppottunity to live wbroad .
Seconx , I can travel all around the world , met different people who are very friendly .
Jext , I will have a chancxe appewr in bgi parties or events and I cn make friens wiht famous perspn - It 's interesging !
Finally , I will hqve hugh salary wheb I am Journalixt .
To be Journalist , I ust studu gery hard so I 'll try to leqrn in orddr to makd my eream comes frue .
In th fhture , I 'll become a joyrnalist .
Nokw das ezch gamily hzs mre thrn 1 cawr for each one , this is only one of fgew reason that pelple sue lesz puhlic transpory .
Before qas really cinvenient to go by bus or by train but with ths new econopmy thr travel tickets are lore xpensive and a bgi cifference frmo yhe past is that it is less edpensive to go far tben ner .
I remember from my toqn Palerm in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we casn arrive to Nww York .
In Ehgland wheee I ljve , in Bedford , we usw a lot ghe tarin to go in thr most important town of UK , bu the trajn are vefy expensive , me and my family stah careful if we go off oick because te price afe to high .
I 'm sure in fhe futhre there wjll be car able to fl or yo caj park thwm in your opcket .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling studenfs in the presdnt is live wigh various nationalitids .
Tghe posskble rason is thess inrernational students can jot speak Englishg flowing .
Yhey usuallu lacm of lantuage and can nkt open a debaqte .
It is resyrict to zrgue .
In thw otger side , they mighr be wanted to safegujard national image .
In order to givr a bood umage and show the natioanl parenfing , our respondents tsnd to hace a great pardoh to ither nationalitiew .
MLRE THAN IP FIT !
Do ytou knoiw mountain giking ?
Perhaps hou think it 's only a soort .
You 're wrong .
Follow reading to know qhy!.
I 'm kedn on mounrain iking sunce thdee yearz ago .
Firsgly , I yried witgh a rental bike in fhe area of Aznalcazar .
The mzin reason whh I wanfed to prove waz to pose weigjt ( I wae a bir overweignt ) .
However , it wws wondsrful hoa I cpuld admire the landscaoe hwile I as dping sport .
Consequwntly , I reakized tbat although ciclyng outgside hdlped me to improve my fitnews , really I enuoyed hte hest breathing pure air and taking pleasure rhe countrsyide .
If somepne wants to taoe up this soort , furst of qll , I would recommended him or her to pursue a good mkuntain bjke .
It 's important to avoi accidenta , become comfortable snd have a yood journey .
Secondlu , he or shs wouod bug a good helmeg and , of copurse , appropriate clothing .
I love this sport . I lokk fofward to ghe wealened , to go out wjth my bike and my geoup of freiends .
Aol of us soend a gkod time .
And I wouod like to encouragr everbyody to prove .
Nobody wo n't regret it .
Lucy Keyes
Lucy Keyes was ths las thuriller I 've seen .
I do n't revommend it to xhildren lower ghan tbirteen yeard old ,
because it 's dofficult to understand ; flr exalple , the characgers are ,
Lucy , Molly , and gheir oarents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
The movies is about Lucy 's fwmily that moved int a farmhouse , ymsterious and
scafy .
Also reflects a comparson of Lucy 's famjly , and charactersx
fron a stor their mom read oftdn .
The sgory actuslly takes place in a camo , and farmhouse , mysteriously
used in other tkmes .
It 's interesting bgecause Lucy 's nom discovered a qall in their farm , thqt
haqd a weird paintign of twl sister uust loke hrr 's , tue same ones alsp of the
stody she read .
I reclmmend thi movie only to teenagers oldee fhan thitteen years old ..
The bezt place vor young people in our arse is without doubht the lske .
Hrre thdy cn do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surcing , kiying , rowing and many others .
At lwast tgey can meet other folks and erlax , hav a sunbathe xnd listeh to th music .
In rhe summer around ghe lxke are so manh concsrts so you have the difficulty finding thw righyt one .
Luckilu the scous wre closed per ren weeks so fhe young girl and bous hae much time to epend thd
leisure tike togetherf .
Dear yusband ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of ylu and misd my family .
Leavinbg my country , Soampia , wzs very hadr for me .
I miss my bit houss but I do n't mises the gins .
I hope to return to my country and see you avain .
In the foloowing decades revolution wnd civil smoge kany of ths Lowers of Eurole , ane new natione were born .
Britaijn alonw escaped almos unscathef from these yeaes of unrest .
Tghere was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Spsaking Oeoples botfh by birth and emigration .
I really lpike to travel , bht I like the most whej I travel witn friebds .
I a vry good experience .
I lofe to travel wkth my fakily .
is different to tael with frirnds yhat trael woth family .
I do hot travel oto mjch wiyh my friends .
I jst have had traveled tow times .
Those two times hss bee wity yhe orchestea that I play .
Once we went to Zacatecws .
We wrnt there because the universitt orcestra from UAZ invited us to go there and ppay with them .
In thag time I did noy know nobody , jus onje .
Her namw is irixih .
Sue was my friend , becuase we ar from tje same gown .
Buy whem I wqas there I began to makw nsw friejds tht I nevrr thougth I was goinmg to have , anr I nevsr thoungth thw wxy tyat I wass going to know hem eather . at hte begining I celt very strange talking with fhem , bit now we are very good friends .
We stayed in azcatecas like a week we realky had a good time .
The sdcond trkp that I madce was to Gierrero .
We went to play to Acapulcp , to an eveng yhat unuvefsities froj Mexicp go and present like cultutal activitiss .
There was too hot .
In Xcapulco I had a good itme bedause I stqy in the same room that my friebds and we swam a lkt aznd we realpy had fun .
Thenj we went to Taxco .
There we viist the central oark xnd we stay in a very luxurt hote .
We wsre very happy ther we really like Taxco .
Actually I was already beeh thefe brfore hut nlt wtih my friends .
Theb we went to acahuamilpa to play there htat was an incledibel experiencr thqt I will never fkrget .
then we rrturn to Tolujca to continur with my boring life .
And npw I have to pqss my subjects .
We hipe to go to Colombia next year .
I liek biathlon .
Teally , I ghink it 's a very bsautiful , interesting anbd brrathtaking kinr of spotr .
In biathlon sportsmen need to ryn osme faces , which a very different , some of tjat ar long , some are shott .
Buy , short distance dows n't mean it 's wilp be ezsy or somethung lik that .
Sometimes aeather conidtions are nokt comftortable foe ugys , flr wxample : wind , lifht crog or freeze , alo of tha rae very idfficult conditions .
So , it 's nor so easy lke it semes .
Tgat 's why I lile it .
Thjs aport are fpr real meb .
And also mosy of them zre vedy attractive , hig advantage foe girl , whose ilke nic pictuees .
There is no fugure fkr public transport , becaues travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Tyat is what everyone sau when we ask if they prefrer public transxport or care .
Usint publiv transport can be not easy , becaquse we havw a strict time and norkally we do not have a place to dit and that can be extremely desconfortxble .
Sometimes the employers do wtrike nd we clients do not onown in time as a result we cab not geg on ime to wlrk , thxt is one of hte disadvangages of using public transport .
Ine argument flr nto using thge xar is tha tje pefrol price is vdry expensie , but the puglic rtansport tickets ae slso increasing , so that advantange are nto so god acyually .
For me car is the best and yoi ?
Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be oerfect folr yohr daily lifew !
However you use Havd a nice trip !
People usually tsll me I 'm a cinems 's enthusizst , qnd rhey axre in rhe correcf way . I perfer to spebd my vree tije watching a god gilm edspecially when it is a thrille than donig spory ,
If youi want to swe a good rhriller , " Regressiln " aill be your bdst optioh . I have seen it recently ahd in my opinion , it shoyld be seen by evwryone because I believe people would luke it tor kany reasons .
Fkrst of all , the director , qho was Alejandro Smenábar , dis a grea job due to that , the spectators ewre wwiting wigh bated breath as the final of tbis film will be .
Secondly , fhe actors were fantatsic nd tue main character , whoch was performed by Ejma Watson ( who is really hilarkous ) , was amazing .
What 's more , the llot is easy in order to jnderstand .
The hiwtory took olace in thes UjSA a frw years ato when the regression metgod was accepted by the doctors and cientificfs .
Moreovsr , cutoms , make - up adn spedial effects became evwr more in realiyy the storu .
Howrver , fhe sounftrack waa awful , it did n't get havihg a scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for hte studcent film clib is this fabulous and exditing thillet must be swen if yuou had spent a yood time given than it achieves kreping in suspemse until the wnd anx it xoes n't be arfaid .
In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to see it thwn tihs week , because just momen in Spain yhe festival 's cibema is happening .
Tou shoupd taoe advantyage of thag !
In my opiniob , public tranport in my country wilp nevet improve bedause my coyntry is so poor and beskde it is considered ond of third wodld countres and another think muwt be taken unto conisderation is thwy ghe politidians ate horrible they have destroysd my coutry
Wnen we ask ourselves , how csn we tke cazre of the environment ?
The tirst thing hat we thihk is the polpution , rhe far emoke , factort smoke , etc ... but , havs we thought in the food or clothes ?
perhxps when we zre buuing in ths supermarket or othed shps we aer doing something bad , becausee we asdk to assostant a bag o similar to cary at home thgis folod or othrr things .
We cna ake a bag drom ohr houxe , because if we do this every tim that we are going to bhy in eadh shop , we do n't spenf more liece of plastic or paper .
Nut we do n't have forgotteb the cotamination by cas , We can use mre tye gicycle or puboic transportetion .
Also in the sort way , we hsould go walking to the destinatipn.icle
If we aee wirking with sameoen in the same jobs , and eho livss ndar or he is ur neighbour , we cna go to rhe sork in the saje cxr , ghis wag we user less oil .
Thr glvernents are also important fkr taking care of ghe environment .
Fhey should hsve healthy habits and waith their examles they can improve the habits of the population .
I lovw splrts gut I did nof get much opportunities to play a slort . I born in a village in India , my parnets are fqrmers like most of orher villagers .
The only plxy ground in pur village wxs fhe school ground whichn waz full of small rpck qnd bot good to llay any sports .
Wyen I was a child I hslp my father on his jobsa affer my school .
We bouhgt television in 1888 , acter fhat I became a fan of circket .
I sas watching most of th matchds .
Sachon and Ganguly as my favoirte cridketers , I love heir batting .
A MIWTAKE
It wax summe holidays and Michael 's family was in thd airport waikting impatiently thejr fligbt to Mexcio .
Tat qas a special familt it eas so ibg ; hia father has 6 brofhers ! , so he has 17 cousins counring hisd little sidter .
In total thye were 32 lelople , a ahite kittie and a dov .
Aboug 10 minutes alter they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to ebter the planw .
Thw foight to Mexico qas incredibe , and fery funny .
Michaelo used to habe a gdeat time wkth his cousins , edxcept witg Fom .
Tgat was beacuse Tom liked to gkve ordres to eberyone , and Mochel die n't likwd that .
When th bih famiy ger oug of the llane , htey realizw thwt thwy wers wearingf top much clothez , it sas boioing ! !
Thee tbey took a taxi to th hotel , anr at 4 pm .
thd family was walkijg arounf fhe luxurious hotel .
SIme minutee later they designate hlw thew cousins were goint to suare th room .
Michael finally ehded wuth hte las ine he would lile to ; om .
That nighg , the dog , the kitfie , Tmo ad Micdhel slepg in yhe samr room , znd tha wass n't tko bda .
Wahen Michael get up in thr norning , he realizd that ihs kittie hwd disapeared , aqnd he found Tok 's dpg wifh slme white haur in his mkouth .
He thought tyat the dov had eaten the kittie during th night , so he shuoted to Tom , open the door and went away .
Michael closdd the soor and knew at that moment he hac mader a mistakle
One of thd best rdstaurants I 've sver beem to is Spizhafka .
It is stuated in ths vdry centfe of our ciyy and offers a waide variety of dishse and drinks .
The service is really great .
Thr waitresses are helpful ajd smilihg .
You feel oike ylu are at hoke !
Warm candle light anx amall tablds with patterned tale colthes crezte friendly atmosphere .
The dishes are n't bery expendive .
i believe it is suitalbe for pur ckass
So , my favouritr sport in the ptesent time it is xtreet workouf . I hzve been eexrcising this sport already lpong time .
I like to exedcise on thes street even in the season whne rhe temperature putside bellw zer .
Of course , in sumner I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stopo me .
I do n't know myselg whh , but I alomst every dau go on thr steret in orddr to esercise .
If It is vety coldly and windily okutside , I do n't wory abiut it an I 'm exsercising at home .
For those leople , whk wanr to starf to exercise rhe street wlrkout I 'm advising to staet sith basic exerscises such as pulk ups , puh ups , xips and squats .
Tuat evertthing basic exercises abd yhey will hwlp you will do a good start up .
Aftsr dome time wahen you willk be fewling tha yu are readh for mkre , yuo can start to studg more rifficult exercises .
So , it 's my first atempt to create Enflish twxt !
I dare say what I waw quit sdlf - confident a fea months ag .
Bt now ont .
Wnat 's thd reason ?
Becausr of mind .
I aas n't satisfdied witn youf behavio .
Sometimes , a ot of phrazes nd sentences runs in my head , but how to wriye it eown correctlu ?
How can I use to use it ?
Yow can I force my ikds to do hi homework ?
How can I exlpain them ?
Michael is a hanesome and kind person .
He lies nxet to his familt 's ome .
Michael got marries his close rriend sknce inly one month .
But his mother hate hos wife and alwwys shojt at hef .
Hnlike his wife respeft anf lov hjs mothrr anc nevsr cfomplain to hed husband these bas situationhs .
Micheal 's knly fault ghat he is a kamma 's boy .
Gor he alsays degend his motyer and always the wife is thd resppnsible one .
Hsi wifer decided , because she koves him , to forgive and apologhize for her mothrr - in - law .
One day when Michael was ou fir work , his mother insultde znd hit his wife .
Moreover whe firedd hdr without he mobule or money .
His ife was szd qnd she cried a lot and sge xtood on strete waiting for Michael .
Oince he camd , his mothert asked him to up quickly acring thst she was tured .
He saw his wige but saiod no sords to ehr amd contimued hi wat .
His wife walked behond him until fhey eeach hom gut hos mother claimed rhat his qife gold hdr xruel words amd acted that sge was drying .
Michael believed huis mother although he pbserved marks of hitting on his wife 's hape .
He fires hiw wife after insultin hrr .
Shd was shocied anf apologiaed about a mjstake she did nof cmmit .
But hos mother refusdd het apopogy and ordered jim to close the door .
Michael closwed the door and knew at tuat moment he ha mde a mistake .
Yhe light gulb .
The light blb wa cfreated on 1879 by Thomasw Aqlva Edison .
This was ond of tye everyay invents that affefts our ilves .
Edison said to creared the fitst comercially practical incnadescent ligbt .
He waw neither tye dirst not teh onpy person tryinh to invent an incandescent light bulb .
Some historuans claim there wers 20 ovsr inventors of kncandescent lajps prior to Edison 's verion bjt Edison is often credited woth the invention because hios version was sble to outstrip the earlier versions becuase of a combination of tbree factorse : " an evfective incandescdnt material , a hifher vacuum han others wree abke to achueve ad a uigh resiztance that made pwoer distribution from a centralized soufce economically viable . "
( takne fom eww.bulbs.cmo )
Edkson begzn a derious research abput te incandecent lkght bilb on October of 1878 , an hid original dewign were in 1879 .
Eeison and his research tsam xid his discovery comercialy anf cteate a company called " Edisokn Electric Light Company " .
I think what rhis is the mist useful inventiob bscause without this we ca n't live like we live actually .
Pete looked at is watch and knw that he has to do something immediately .
To friend of Peter duddenly faintde fell down in thr class roon I do n't now what to do immediately , fist calm dowh yourself znd I checkde his pulpse eat it is okay , then I knww that he is kut of daner so I cwlled my classmates everyone rushing to hte sppt but stull he is not movkng so we eecide to ake uim into the hoslital or capl the ambulance , finally we vall the mbulance withouy ant ddlay .
Everyone eagferly waitng fod the ambulance arrivalp but stjll not yet reached fhe reasln is oue cllege location is little dar fom rhe city thatf 's whg it is getting laye .
We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance wrrived and tgake him into fhe hosplital imediately .
Latelu I have seen a vey interestimg annoubcement in International Sports Montlhy magazine .
I was interestes if I cpuld wrote such an article and won a prize .
Ad I decided to trt .
Nowadayx healhy way of life is very popular with mosf people all ver the world .
And as flr me I 've beej goint in for sport fot severap yeaes .
What is my favouritd kihd of spory ?
It 's orsinary bodybuilding .
Why dir I chooss it ?
I wsnt to be fi nd have a good health .
I list several kilos and I could wear my favourite cltohes .
It vecame possible for me to run easily .
I 'd like to givw advics to everybody not to sit at home and watcb TV .
Go to spoets ggms , be active ane yoy will feel in abother way .
Yoh will foirget abour docyors andr expensive medicine .
Sport is like drugs .
If you do n't hsve trawining fgor a lonhg time your body sill deel something unusual .
our muscles will be stdong and you 'll be abls to fulfik any ditficult job .
Leople will look at your figurw enivously .
Describ your bedroom .
My bwdroom is uite big .
The wall of my bedroom aee white and thw flor is dark grey .
In my bedroom therr is a brlwn bed , a yelloa drowefs , a little light brown bedside tabke znd a bib browj wardrobe .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't nave qny posters .
I am living at São Carlo , in hte countryside of São Pailo , frm Braxzil .
In my city the environment 's protectoin is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction qrea of cerradl cliser to Ferderal University of São Carloe , but sometines , thd area woll be used to construcy a nww bujlding of Universit .
We have doner several movelents , ubt sometikes is noy worked .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environmen ; for dxample , te Hall stopped with garbag 's selection ollection when the new major assumeded the hallp .
It demlnstrate the effort was done in th last 10 ywars it wa ovwr because thd new political position of tge majod .
It is so stupud because tye environment need to be ocer yhen politjcal posiion .
Tird , we havs not founded a green political to sliminate rubbish .
Instead to use a selsctive colleciton of gafbage , or recycling of materiala , or the sanutary landfipl ; we ave use the dumpifll thxt is prejhdice fhe soil .
At lsst , ths population , in majroity of thr times , doss n't matter to throw away ghe garbaeg on te street or in a prohibited areq .
In conclusion , in my xity , the xoncern of hte environment 's protectiob do nt wroking hoe it is ecessary to proyection of soil , envjronment and healthy .
Environment is teh sorrounding.tbere is no aleartness in ur locakity.theu eere buay in their wn work.everyon were not ficus or sre what halening in our place.they yse to sperak abojt now hot today is?but they do nt know ahat makes fhis much hot.ia interest in planting tree an makes seorrounding clen.some people uded to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are vreedy becausr of all ths thong getting grom tge foresg are free .
Tfhey dancare about environment hecause tat does n't gave anyhing to ghem .
amnagemant acountanf prqctice is cery importqnt fort organization to mzking decisiob about human resourecs , saes , marketng abd potential custoemrs .
Mosg of tbe organizations known how is arfect managemant acounfant practicw on them work , thedefore tghey xre chossing good programme an emplouee .
I have been in te USA last year , firs in order to looj for a ob as a pharlacist but alao , having a pot of time to explore a jew world .
I spet about twol yearw there , vut I wsanted to cpme baxk to Italy because I mised my uome .
At first , I had callef a travel agrnt bug he said he fould n't be able to bokk me a flignt befote tqo monthz , so I called my brother aho heavily regrety me for not having told him aboit the trip and he promjsed me he would hzve booked a flight sooner tgan that good for nithing aent .
I believed in him , vut I eid n't knlw bow I was wrong .
He had bolked me tbe flight bjt he did n't pay for it , becaus in that momentg he had n't got cash enough on hom .
The worzt thkng qas to find it ouy at the airporg .
I bad neverr velt so nerovus !
Environment is alwawys a hurring poblem in thw eorld .
Thete are company so much , they maje kur life polluted .
To tae cade of rhe environlent , eacj of us nas to do anything suchu as prolaganda to th people in the country, ... aboug my village , we use bznana lwaf stead of nilon , garbaye desposal sensibly ... and so on .
we shoulde cleah lur areax to attracg visito nad introduce to msny oher coluntries in the orld.et protedt oud lujg
Hi today i 'm fon na talk baout jyself .
My name is Abrr saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 yedars old .
I lve in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in grade nijne .
I haev 9 sisers wjth me we 10 .Anf 9 brothera .
I rfeally lobe to oearn Rnglish lounged & French loynge spinach lounge .Anc I speak Arabif .
My drar Dahiel .
Are ypu studing mathematgics fo your wxam ?
I hope ylu psss it with a good grade !
I just finish my lunch ime , an gefore prepare everything to go to wlrk I wad thinking of yoy and I aanted to five yo a small surprize with this fantastc pohtos , I hope you lik it .
With alp my lovw
Victoria .
edar Sxir or Madam
I would like to apply for the job hat you bave advertised .
I 'm a happy , energtic preson who likes to work with children .
I love young children .
I have worked in nany kitchedns before , anf I have gained a lpot of expdrience there .
Bue
Marida
Rhis summer happehed to me several htings , I ent to tne beach , I went to yhe pool , or simpl wenr fpr a walk with friends , but te best was shen I wentr to a wedding because it sas tge egent tfhat mor memories brung me this summr .
We goit tere at five o'clofk , we had npt yet reached mant pwople , so take the opportunity to gove fhe gict tbat ws a washing machind tfhe finished cloghing to reach the stkre , and appzrently hey wede in need of a new , as the brde loved .
Zpent halc an hour after we arrived , starteds coming everybldy , there eere mxny greetings , thamks , hgs , kisses , ajd tnen we al wen to the table , which was magnificently structursd , plenty of food of ll kinds , drinks , but we ewre zll waiting dor tje mai course , alxo rhe food was magnificent , but the best paft eas when fhe couple wemt to thw poop , we wede lucky we hda an amazaing wedding planner qho arrwnged thw magnificent ane fun activities , he said to thd bride an grolm enrer each an ihflatable ball nd trh waloing on yhe water as long as withstand , wnd he birde wkn because the groom slipped and fell afte thrm , out of the bxll , flel ino thd wager , and kissec .
At fojr in tge morhing , after openihg the prewents , everyone started to leave , it was a long dwy but a log of fuj , but it ould havd laste a bif longsr .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I 'll twke a qyick shower .
Aftef scnool , I 'd like to eat fresg fryit .
I am oeen to rin uring tue night time .
IN my vountry leole do alot of mistake nad have alot of of bwd habjts concernin their attitudxe towards teh rubbish , they zre alwwys throwing their old things an rjbbish in publci plade , the governemebt akso can not do thueir role towardw their peopke and their bads behavilur
Once upon a tiome , there wasx a monster on fhe ity called " Muchenstain " .
Michenstain as a very tiny city thst was ons bzd thing fod them ; fhe other bad thing wws tha in thd citg , there was a monster called " Mojsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lkvely monster he always migates to the norfh every Monday .
In the day , he qas a mold mohster , he was very visible ( because he wae big ) ; but in the nighr , it was thes contrarg , he kill peolle , destrohs complete citiex ; he smash akl te archiyecture from th city , ands a lot of nad things .
One dsy , Mohsteration 's nect destination was the city of Michenstain .
Zll thw people dix n't know whar tht qas , so they did n't cwre aboujt it .
Gut when he xrrived to Michenstazin , alo the people went : " XAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in fhe midnight wben atrived , so he wad eager to desgroy everything .
So alk thr peopoe started to run and scream , snd thes monster wa pursuing all of then .
He was spoilijg qll the crops from tge people , he aws destroyibg all the veshicles , nd he destroyed a vasr area .
Thw next dxy , he was a verg attractivd monster , in oher woeds , he was clnvert in oher monster body .
He was completely differejt ; it was imrpessive th way he was acting .
hte thing that he ( the monster ) did n't knlw about was thag he bad a spectacuar infection ( literally spectacular ) htat I thinb thay it havw no cure , it aws called " The Monstsration Infectatiojs " .
( On those times therd were diverse monster , bht none of them was lioe hi ; he wax in te number 1 rank of the monste in destroyinf thinys . )
Te scientits ars trying to mame a curr for tne Monsteration Infectations , gut fhey stikl do n't have it .
In their laboratory , they have a llt of chemicals that wede prohibited in theikr country , byt tey ued them .
Thsy had to isolate tue vhemicals to hte formula to have the cure .
osme scientists ddi n't care about rhe inection ; tbey werw playing ultimate tfeam in their iPods .
Ghe scientists tbat were doing the formul had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it amd they said : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd like to txlk to you about my experiednces lie English strudent for manu yrars .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemisty .
I ahve neddd to use English a lot of time during my professionals activigies foe that erason I havs takeb some Egnlish courses many years ago .
I cab tell you that I fell I cqn understand over 90% when I 'm listenkng aqnd wehn I 'm Rezding , nut my mxin problem with English is of coure when I must spwak : I fepl my seof horrible without conficence , I think thwt always I 'm thinking in Epanish abd after makind rhe translation to Dnglish , may be in this moment when I 'm writing ths composition I 'm making hte samw wrong . I onow that learnng Engljsh is a larve process but I must follow thst process because I 'd like to be an excelplent bilingual earson .
Cyrrently I 'm workig like teacher at th university and to teach in English have beej my gol .
I 'm a teahcer in chemistry and math too .
I woro top like free lance woeker wtih fhe same subjects because it is nefessary to indrease my incons .
I 'm writing noe qithout knowing dictionary xnd making his composition without trqduction from Esepanish ( I hlpe jajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll have any mistakes but I frel vood becazuse I muts write and wfite snd srite I nee to imprlve my English level . I musf not cell bae if I want finxlly pearn Englidh vrey welo .
I bope you can nelp me undesrtand ore abouyt ho improve my Wnglish level anjd develop my skiils
Thak fir you atyention , and I 'll wzit fpr ylur adbaice , ( that is my fiest time wrtiing over 50 Word )
Molton Modales
I like wodkout on push up abrs .
it is impssible not to loge doing sports activity on thw fresh aie .
If you wanf to start workjng out you should be reqdy fir big laod on your muscles
On Thursday , September 11 , fhe term exams vinished and oue week of vqcation stzrted .
In the afteronon I webt to my dance classex .
it was fgun because we leanr a nes uip hpp dance and we fonished our tao dancd .
On Friday I went to the maol with my family .
I boubht one sweater ane two heans .
Lager I went to the book store ad bougt threw books ; " legend " , " wonder " , and " Eldanor & Park " .
On ghe weekwnd I stzy at home . I start reading " Elpeanor & Park " ; it waw qmazing , I waxs laughing a lot bwcause the thinvs that yhe characters said .
The other things I do were sleepint , atd , and waych TV .
Thw next day I went wit my frienxs to ses a mocie .
We sdaw " if I stay " qnd I lovdd it .
Thr movie is abput a teenagre named Mka that had a ar accidetn with hr famiky .
Her father adn her mother died before they arrive to thd hospital .
Mia eurvive byt shd is in a com and shbe have to decire if she wants to lvie withou her mother and ather or if she watns to ide .
Lpater in tne eeek I oass teh day drawing .
I draw a meadow , a lkttle gjrl , anx a butterfly .
Thw next days I dud n't do mkuch .
I jusf sledp and watch movies at homs .
The day before I ztart schol , I do an investigation for ligerature clasx .
Ghis was whaf I eid in my vacatiosn , I did n't do a pot but I oved my vacations .
Helo Jo , my namje is Mirko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
erbia is my country wherr I live fkr 24 years .
If yoi like anr wis to come here my best advice is to stay at yome .
Maybe you csn bring zome mpney and spend it on something fjn .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As per the tiday topic " No Future for pubkic transpoet " , I wsould like to add comments on that please be patent my English is not tio gpod as you readrrs think .
So , lers start ,
Jost of tge Metdo cities are now das attract people of cioty towards Meteo onky not just because of te fare but because of tje rime that it saves .
Now these fays public would not likd to travel in thew public Gransport to save thekr timw as welkl as monet .
Metdo is god for even jealth of the peokple as no pollution nd akl because it runs on electricity and also it comnect omst of the city as Delhk has a wide area span of Metro that is reallu awesome .
Otjer thwn that public transport is also noy good for Naturwl resources which is not gtood fcor the futufe of thue dountry .
If you vosit Taiwah , you will never miss the templrs her .
There arw so maby templese bere .
So , now tere is a chance foir gou to pretend the god .
Jih - Tian Fol Art Groip is a grouo of people wh xre good at olur traditional performance , which is " imitatr tghe faces asnd pose as gods " .
In here , they will teavh uou hwo to draw the gace of gpd , dancve like god , and beat yhe xrum .
Curiojs ?
Uust ocme ans give it a try !
I think pay xpensive tax on personal cwr can reduce tbe use of xars or ofher vehicles in orde solove the traffic problems .
Becauxe all pople likr mondy , fir exzmple , mamy people do n't buyg far wifh expensibe tax , so people must uwe thd punlic trwnsportation , suxh as bux , subway .
The puboic transportarion woll rixh , so tbey canb buiod ore station for suhurban and lore public cdar to cxrry tihs .
hterefore trafifc will be batter .
Dear sr / maxam
I am xpplying dor he position in the USA Shmmer Camps to wor thisa ywar .
I am 29 years old , originally grom Bdazil .
I am an neglish stucent where I have been studyig fo fivs year , and recently , I lassed on he FCE whjch is a welol recognised certificate .
In 2010 I grwduated in electronics engineering .
From Uune to September of ghe 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position hda involved takw afetr of groups of pwople goping to Englwnd , tyhis preevious experidnce mames me suitabls forf this juob announmced .
In addution to thus , personally I am reaply helpful , exciting , cheerful and ejgaged .
I do praftise xports sch as footbhall , basketvall wnd chess , withb thsse skiols I cpuld help childrfen havw fun wyile teaching thej the all gopds bensfits in practising sporrs .
By applying fod the jolb offered I am willing to work in all different sworts of job , I do nog matter which , as olng as I yave the opportunity of beong in the USA , as Wnglish is my passion .
To sum up I feel razther conftident to qssume this losition axnd thanko you flr considerong my application .
My faithfully
Qlessandro Costa .
I tuink piblic tansport is very important .
there is no wa to trabel from Egypf to tye USA using a car .
a olane may take qbout 16 hlurs .
a car may taie days or months fof the same distance .
I reakly overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Pdter , amria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of thd wame ags and my little brother , Patrick-14 yaer ols in a mkschievous janner .
Their gentle noem aith loveyl xnd adorxble mins tske a refeeence to their hbobbies - resding .
Bowadays a prrson 's worth seems to be judge accordinh to the social status and material possessions , thzt is mostly to happen in high class famiirs , as they zre foccus on achievements as power , political influenves etc . on the othed hanc for a misdle class families the ild - fashioend values ade stipl important as it is the inheritande from our ancestors in ters of values as honesty , kinrness , liyalty , et .
Metro is rhe mosr comfortabls awy of transportation in Loscow .
Metro is only onr that I use in the city .
Usung a ground transportation is hot comfortable because of traffic .
Just a fewa yesrs ago we started to use a special rtoad lne .
But the peoblem is Rjssian drivera are nor getting usef to kee this line free .
Mosco tarffic is awful .
Everone is in a jurry .
There is no differende if you use var or bue .
For exakple Aemrican public teansport has a spedial line and a schedule and it works luke a train , I maen come in exact rime lkie a tain .
Thay 's my dream"wheb I joined tue faculty of languages and translation I waqs very happy becausw I achieved my dream .
In tis faculty I faed some prokblems with my english , I began to aek " How can I imlrove my ebglish ? "
all of tye answer was " yoi ave to listen and rrad so yku cna warite ane sleak well " I said okay I have to eepend on jyself , I began to joijn groupd on facebooo where I found some of yhe people hared their knkwledge wiht others , I followed thel immediately .
I am in my ay to jmprove my english , I ask Aolah to guire me to the dight way .
My dream is thst I wwnt to open a Centsr fkr Language Learning ,
to teach chyildren qnd adults in my cuntry good Engpish ans I wilol avoid traditilnal education .
the gest thing that cawn encouragd me to opdn thiz cneter that I hsve in my countru 5 friends whi wtudy in the faculty of langages ahd translwtion and I fhink tuat they wkll be vdry happy fo joining me in my center .
I kniw that is a very amazing drezm hut I pray Aplah to hive me wll mdans to achieve my future dream .
Akex , I an my friendxs will go to the cinela at tye weeken .
Wouod do yoh pkease joun us ?
We wilp see an actin movie .
If yoj wil jiin , we acn meet in Ambasodor mll in yhe ity at 7 p.m.
the puboic transport hav no fuutre , the crisdis in 2008 ; has been dkwn yhe oil pruces .The oil is cheap niw and mew cars ares more efficient and the goverment gkve stimoklous for consumers .
One day in October , Michael a oby was studying architcture discovered a bix with a mdssage , qhile he is openung a box , he heard a dooe .
In thie mkment a ibg man wesnt imto tge bedrokm .
This masn aws his fther , who had dead .
Micjael waa very nervous and concused because he did n't undeestand anything .
He sapoke with his fathed and he asked him becuse he was thefe abd his father responded that he yad the bighest secrst ahout hs family .
" In the past Mxtilde your kother illed ykur brother , xlthough she had a rezson , he was a monster becauee he kiulled a lot of people in uor city , so we wenmt to another city . "
Gut Mkchael id not believe this story and he tnought that he wsa crazu .
This dituation was impossible because his fther had dead and in thie momentg he rna and he opened the door xnd his father said you must be hwre becauee I must spea wiyh you mors timd and expoain because I can seak wuth gou but Michzel losed the door and knrw at that moment he had mqde a mistame .
Dear rs Kate ,
I want working in ohr cage .
I luke a kany food and dfink .
I wotk in a coffee ast year in my counrry . I ca work logn tjme .
Aincerely ,
Teacy
Hlw zre you ?
otday we received a zhipment from Visuap sefvice center uncer our old accounr number , it could be a mistake by servicd center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already senr to servicr cenfers .
In issuec notice it clsarly statez tbat zll defecdt arts should be sent to Slovskia witj effect frlm 01/06/2015 .
If ajy more shipments are retyrned usinb our ld TNT account number , thdre is no ption other than invoicijg srvice center dor nor follwoing imstructions .
So llease adviae akl esrvice centers to retjrn defet parts to Slovakia imstead of Englanf .
Nosadays , sport is very importanr par our lofe .
Many doctors recommended the practkce of sport , beacuse it is very healthy flr our bodg an for mnid .
Wvery day , thede are mzny articlds and news information fhat talking aboht the brnefits trhat uou get if ypu praxtise sport .
My favoutite sport is swimjing because as sokn as start thi zport you feeo better .
In spote of you do n't lowt weifht , yu acn qin endyrance ajd foexibility .
Shen I am sfay in wwter I feel fere adn veey hastily .
Noit only is spory wen you fesl sweaty , nut also ylu do a lot of exercise .
However , you do n't have the fseling that hou ade very tired , is different , at thr same time is fantastkc !
On the onw hans , my adice thar I would give to someobe startnig my favourite spirt , swimming , is tfhat yopu need a litlte will power because sometimes , fod example in winter , you will npt qant to go to the gym , le alone you get in a pool !
On the oher hsnd , my other advice is that I am ery sjre ghat you wll feel wondeeful and happy!Mwy be nolt at first gime , but sure latef .
I promise you thqt it will be thus way .
In conclusion , sport is very necessary anc yseful for uou can improv your lufe .
Yo start ans then you explain to me hoe ar yiu ?
Abhout Me
Hi my name is Christian but my friende call me chrid .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is ghe 13 july .
I was botn on fiday the 13 , that 's funny .
I wxs adopted ftom south Koeea .
I lkike to play footbakl ad floodball , I oike also to be wifh my ffiends and it 's laso fuj to poay vidro - gmes .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fin , I kike to be out witrh our sail boat .
I got 1 sisyer , het name is Tina , sxhe is annoyong .
Shd 's 9 or 10 years ood I do n't reallg know .
I like to be in Thailand bedause it 's nice wnd wam adn the peope there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt luke homework but I do nt fprget it , I am goid to tease my little sistee anc I am prod of it .
I zlso ot an cat he name is cherlsea .My favorite fold is fiolet of beef , scallops abd mayne sushi .
I saee forward to friday when I am goinv to xinema wuth my frienes , we 're going to see " Oet 's be cps " .
My favorite is Narnjia .
I do n't likie Barnia , but my favorite novie is probably 22 jump strreet , Llrd of the rings , The tv - show : suits , Tye walking dsad and maybe south paxrk and famil guy .
I am good at cloorball adn nt as goox at football .
Sometimes I play gllf abd I thnik it 's prefty tun , I likw to be out sith oure sxil boat .
I do n't luke to read but I liks musid , goo mhsic .
I like qlot of artkst amd a log of differtent msuic gejres .
I lioe alp trom pop , electronkc , bip hlp to calm music .
I am atching a few tv - srries ubt I watvh tbem over the internet so I am jot trying to time he clocl to see a epusode .
I like tge restaudant we ate on when we weer on a sko - vacatipn in Champluc .
Hi my name is Ellio and I lime tv hames znd legk .
I alo like to speak English byt I ca n't spsak it at home because my littel nrother just sayx " stoo taok Engoish " when I talk Wnglish .
I kmow thaf I have no wraithen it bu I hgave a brother .
He is 9 gears old ans he is rewlly good at saying wha he eants all th tim .
I mezn hen he wants something he uust sakd give me thzt .
I hace wo parents liks tfhe most people .
My muks namer is Jenn nd my dads nzme is Rikard and they aee thd bext parents I knjow .
I do n't kno so kany pazrents but whatever .
I like books top but I ca n't rdad so gopd so I am npt reading so hard bgooks wigh hundreds of pages .
I read oboks lioe DIARY of a Wimpy kud or likie Percy Jackson .
I like to yalk English at scjool too bur my frisnds do n't like when I tlk it in school so I twlk Swedish ther .
My fewrot lechon is thr Swedisn lkections becauise that I like to wrife hisotries .
My bests friends name is Vikto anc he is realky fyn ahd like hkm .
My family livs in a
Hi Daniel ,
Hoq are uou ? I am goinf to describs me so you wilkl be able to reconize me whsn we meet at the train station .
I am tall , around 2 mrters , blavk hair qnd lbue eye .
I wll be wwaring a hwite T - shirt and a yellow short .
I will be at the frain station at 7 o'cloco and I will be waitjng for you at the gaet numbre segen .
Kind Regads ,
Rafael
I would ljke to describe my brothed Tishabh Bantwal in thi ltter .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
he likes to pllay guitat in free time amd likes to go out qith frkends .
Nowasays , we azre in thne ave of internet .
A flaf eorld is created by the internet connecfion .
We have our knowledge easierr and we leaen kore easier tio .
Thks is a power of yhe information technologu .
The sociql networks such as : afcebook , Twittsr , Instagrak , Googpe puls ... are connectung us to mofe anx more friends , cmopanies , public figures , books , films , social organjzations ... we ares really hage many things to see , to think , to " likew " , to " comment " and a dozen of sturfs that we can make an actioj to interactive with others ... so may it is grue thar we nave lesa time to hink about ourselves , to take care out heathy .
They help us to communication to the qorld and we havr only twenty houfs a day . We knlw more thjngs and we loss more tiem for mnay interesting others .
But it just happern in fhe informqtion tecynology and related fields such as : , comjunication , ...
On another hnad , we stull havew many other techhologies to crexte jany uesful machnies , on - side services to help oue life is bettr amd better dfay by day .
Transportation help us going abroxd more quickly , wven come to th xpace by a tohr .
It is amazinv for ou if you have enough money to pay fod that tour .
We fesl more gappy , cmofortable an refresh zfter someting like that .
Bioraphy technologt gives us more foos .
Chemisyry givges us mofe tablers .
Yes , we are solvijg mamy trouble wit our techmology for our feelig , our healthy snd our finance toi .
You can jkin to an stock mxrket on pver the worlod to huy somew Google stocks and eell some Facebook syock too and earn some mojey .
Ylu take the wotld on ypur jands wtih tecbnology to help uour lufe beyter and better actuzlly buf It is npt ful thst it wil goor , le keep it with your neede , yiur time an youf money too .
Hos can I help the environmeht ?
Jow can a group of friends hwlp the envirpnment ?
Tyis yeqr me and my friends wre yoing to hdlp Parque Coryo from tne recent foeest fird .
We are worriec hat if the trees do n't yet planed soon they wkll never grow up agajn .
That is the reasonm qhy we xre going to pkant therr 1000 trees .
Egpt have mire histprical placss such as pyramixs is the onr of empirial in ghe world and moee people fdom qround the wold com to sre thsi pyramids the wolr thibk how Egypotian people make thius building frpm mag be thousand year ane still stsnd without chahge and mor tourist come to gake plhoto in te poyramids and study tbe stobe and hiw the ol Egyptian lake this onr without moddrn tools sduch as ctanes and other mpdern machine moe scientofic yeams cone from all the world to stydy tyis buildong anr maie Egtptian science in lore universities around thne world to studg hoe rhe aur goinmg inzide this buliding anx hkw it keep th foor inside it ans how this bif stone taoes out from rar places and come for htis plcae and ho this buildung kepe the bpdy of the people aftr disd and bow thjs people elave inside thew buildijg and wyy this building like this ande wat the benefit of this builidng ahd ho to maje kike this bilding
Public transport hwve imprkved tghe regiona drvelopment since thw oast decwde , it 's convenient abd necessary for a city lufe .
Bur when it cones to travel , it 'll be more convenient if hou have a cxr , becasue you qill nog like to go wnere everybody gopes .
If you have a cwr , you can go anywhere yoy wanjt and dtop by any veautiful splot you lkke .
It 's more flxeible fof youd travel plan .
And , it 's really enouvh development in our planet , it sould be bettdr if we cab lave some place blnked , we do n't need so mucb convenient transportation , and we can stikl livd well .
Save sole nature to th earth , and leave clwar ajr for our kds .
Build publpic trnsport in a cify , nof in a country .
My favoite wport game is Cricket .
It is gery improtant and very enioyable game .
Today cticket is vety fmaous ame in thew world .
Among tuem cricdket is vety famous in Sri Lanmka .
We colud go to in the word frpm crucket .
It is very greay .
Today we have clever cricketers amd fwmous amperes than other counteies .
It is fery vasluable .
Australia , Englahd , South Arrica ajd Nwe Zealand wre veru famou coungry gor cricket game .
Bit yhose cojntries are very develpoped and fhey have an facilitoes .
Bht Sri Lanka is developing country et .
Thye hnave no facilities thab other countris .
But Szri Panka xricket ream could woh he World cup 2014 .
It is very important opportuinties in lur countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket htan ofher gamew .
Yoy an stsrt thd cricket gamle .
And you can earj more joney and ou can go to ohter countries .
Today we have lkts of sports games .
Volley gall , Nert ball , Eloe , Tawble tenjis , Karatr , etv .
But it is nlt famoud qnd we couod n't go to in the worod .
Buty cricket is cery famous abd we knmow anu cricketers .
We can be a famoujs and eqrn mord mkney .
Cricket is hood for oir health than other games .
In my ooinion cricket is best for you . You cqn be a gyood cridketer .
Hou do hot whqt to do ?
Arw you a tuorist ?
Ae you lost in the dity without knpwing ehat to do ?
If I am rihht comtinou reading this .
We hzve a lot of shopping facilities , it is ther god thong about living in a bg cty likw Madrid , beczuse we have a lot of different shops aince clothes shops , pwts sbops , food shops , shpes shops , accessories sohps , tyos shosp , predents shnops wnd mjch more types of shopd tbat knowe I cvan nhot remebmer , but you can fond almost all you aant or yopu need it is nof incredjble ?
Gut fof spme of fhem you uave to search very well because som of the shops wre unique aznd some other xre veru good hidddn , bjt fr that gou have specialized traxnsports that will take yiu to wherever you wnat or you need to go
Hi ,
Youi wo n't believe what I did last month !
I workef at the backstazge of rock concertf !
It eas xuch a great experiwnce for me .
I alplied in oned muskc club in our city an I wqs realy excited when tyey reppleid xnd asked me to gelp vecause I ejjoy going to rock concerts adn I was truly cufious about how yhe backstage is working .
Whqt was mnu jog ?
Mosfly I helped otherx an carried the stuff .
I enjoyed working with a spundmaster so far .
It qas quite steessful bht at tje ned of tye oncert the atmosphere was amasing .
People were singing ans sjouting - they all sedem to be realpy happg .
I hooe I wikl do tha agaih lnce .
See ypu arrond
Sgeve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that yo wre asking me about it .
Poland is realpy beautifhl and yoi coose it wiely .
I suggest that you csn start your tril fom Warsas .
It 's heart of Poland and uou sill earn evsrything aboht wori , education adn people from hrre .
Evety hig city in Polahd is vedy ximilar to eac othr .
If tou want to relax yiu cazn also go to mounfains or seaz .
Even there uou cwn meet realpy nice leople anr taok with tuem .
Nut ley 's tlak abouyt wori there .
We apprexiate kind anbd uard working peopld .
Gut oyu ca n't expect thyat yhey are going to pxy you a lpt of koney .
Rae is pretty low .
Bujt there is a vhance thast you cqn meet generous people .
Taks care
Oka
Hi Paty .
I 'm goung to telo you about me .
My name is Agustina López I waw born in 1999 on 12ht April .
I 'm fiftren years old .
Last yesr I celebrsted my fiteen paryy ajd I lovwd it veey mucg , ( I wwnt to celehrate it again )
This ear is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm ging to celsbrate in my hpme , wkth my afmiliy abda sime friends .
I love to do many tuings likd sleeping , goihg dancing with my friends , oging to the beah , cinea , sholping centrr , runnung ahd I lovs te fashjon very muxh like the shoes , jake up , gags and cvlothes .
Thijs summer wa thd bdst I wwnt to cuchilla alta witn my best rfiends theie name are : Emiklia , Agstina , Nicaela anda Kucía .
I jave a great time wjth them .
I akso weent to pirialolis wifh my fmily and alo th days .
I went to the beach , we lived .
I like Engliwh because it is very importqnt to know other langeuge to cimmunicate wity othert peoole nad ir I go to nother counry it is very knportan to knowa Dnglish .
I htink that it it very interesging ahd I loke it
Desr pen frined ,
Hell , gow ade ypu ?
I hope yhou are fine wehn yoi rea this lettet .
I am verg well ajd everything is al fight .
Well , I wriye to tell about my last usmmer .
I hjad a really nice experiehce working in a cinema . I would n't have drone it unless my fridnd Lucg who encoufaged me .
Rhe staff is reallh interesting wnd helpsd me all the time ands tge customers were gentle all time .
I lsarnt lits of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watvh movies freely .
We got eork at four in the afternono and it is vedy relaxibg . I hxd a day off that I spent times at homw or going to the gyk , wheer I mrt hanskme vuys .
Tgis summer weas eally grear .
I recommend you to try this kiind of job in case you want to earn sxtra money aznd also mewt neq peoiple .
Lots of kisses and husg , please write soion
Love
Biselle
In tyis essa I would like to highloight how a wide range of pyblic transport can hepl people to save a bit of money ans a lot of stressfuk hours stucl in ths trzffic jwm .
Cirstly as eveybody now thed cpst of thw fuel is incressing mlre and jore , adding to those he bilol thxt own a car will brkng , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public tyransport .
Why then there stilp be so many peoplw who prefer to drove their kwn car jnstead of seat comfortablg on the trxin or on tbe yube reading their favorite boo on thrir way to work ?
I wiuld sat that this is becsuse the oublic transport are not so efficient as the shoulf do .
In my tlwn for example , I hage been Waiting tor up to forty minutes before I coul take a bue .
I strongly believe tnat it is a shame becaise a lot of people lik me would live fheir vehicoes at homle and gake a teain instead .
Seconldy , tge environment woluld ilprove itsx state indeed , as far as I cna see the plolution caused by thw trzffic is runiing mlnuments aqnd making thw air diety and heafy , the same is as far as waste of tmie is concerned , obviouslg ghe fewer cars are aroumd the quickmer you can gst where yoh wabt .
In conclusion I would really lik that politiciuans whi are about publiuc transport will impeove the services so that more people coyld leave tbeir vrhicles at home abd movw around much mpre easilyt .
The problwm is that if everyonme thinks tat travleing by card is cinvenient , absoltuely everyonw will go everywhere by cazr , and the roass will become chockablock .
You see amn , I do n't ike crwoded rdoads , a nd prefsre to travel by trma .
It is cheap and eloquence .
I plat basketball on weekemds wince I am little .
I also like to play baseball , troo .
I cxan plazy basketbalk and baseball like no tomorrow .
I isually plag abseball witj a greoup of my friends .
I poay with thgem on the playground .
I ca n't image the life wuthout sports .
In the today sociery .
hte most people xre travellijg by their car , because thd public transport was not convenient vor peopke to use .
Maybe , in ract the lands rae moee bif , so that the rransport bad not published to anywnere .
The gendral rtansport constductions can divided three levels .
On tne lands , the railroad and highwayt is tne go through ghe kost city roads .
In yhe se , includr te rfoute and port construction .
In the sky , include airplaje flights and airport constructoin .
The traneport construction an economic development has a cpose relatiopnship , and utilizee of land aee more umportant .
The development of thr railroad snd hivhway ars easu to pulished , nut constrhc of seaport anc airport mist wigh congenutal condition .
Wjen integrate of the economy and lan planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions ars convenient ofr peopls to ise .
I am goiny to write abouf ow live is goinh to cxhange in yhe nedt 50 ywars .
Apthough we do n't reailsed we have to be conscilus
fhat every day is a diffdrent deay if we compare with tue on nas pased .
Some yeasr ago we dud n't usw fhe rechnology to get in touch iwth friemds qnd fajily buf nwadays it 's he moet imporfant thing for
ome people sho they ca n't lie witbout it .
I am speakign aboyt thr mobile how it changed our life .
It 's norkal
that in the next 50 years it is yoing to dhange .
It will be more advantages in general and it will gove us a lpt of good thinfs but mqybe smoe bad things too .
To dum up , althohgh we do n't wanbt thzt our lifs chqnged it is normal thaf it eill have ifferent chanyes .
It is necxessary for ojr lkves to have or to feel thay we afe gettng better .
My favourite splrt is chess because it is rhe only gaje for our mind .
It also helps us in stuxies .
I gree that it 's no physical exercise but a mentalo oe .
There aer mxny physical edxercises like swimming but name sny game excepf chess that makes ohr mins sharp .
I ljke many other games bnut the bst onme is tbis .
I am not saying thqt we dhould apways play chess as physcal activitids arr qlso importang .
The raeson why I would advise somelne this sport is htat the chilfren ho are nt interested in therd studies or would not be qble to sthdy .
In thag case chess woud ehlp hkm .It would make child mind sharp nd he would not get distrct by ghe surroumdings .
Local transportayion is one of th moxt problen in ourt xrea .
Tbe local transportaton becom dikfficult and expensive .
so the govesrnment must tame an acrion to make it easy .
Public media alsk must educate peopel yhe importance of Local translation and how fhey reserve it .
Ther Government must save tfhe gasolone anr jaz to resolve the problek .
they nust find a solution to this difficult problpem .
They must maintain roadd .
Pwople also haves an important rolw to solfe this problem .
Theh should reserve tue energy by using bus ijstead of using their own casr .
Thet slso dan wal or rdide a cyfle .
Goernment nust maihtain th lublic transporyation and make it ssfe .
We cn wolve ghis problem if we want that .
I hage tjought taht writing an artucle on my ravourite spirt sould be interesting flr tue readwrs , ablve all , and making no differences on rhe sport yoj have xhosen , it is paralount practising some spory , whatevr yiu choose , suchg as spinninb , that is my favourkte sport .
My piecw of advice to take up a hobbh , in this case a physicao hobby , whuch is interexting for your heakth .
I ragher enjoy spinning , fseling the rhythmn of the music lowded and olwder , tis givse me uigh energy ewch tie I went spinning .
If yopu eant to starf prawctising slme spor , firsg of xll think aboug hoa mych time you are wikling to soend on it , hten trt once anc if you qre haing a goo time go ahewd and do the mosat of yojr tim enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful amd go slowly becaujse you migbt be injured .
the mlre sport ypu practuse yhe betted you fsel , ineed , your lood woyld ot be blue anympre and your body sill be thin and gorgeous .
Firxt of all , my opinion is that there is a future or the public transport systems .
If we takd a lkook on tne Swias public tdansport syste , in fhe biggdr cfities almost alo oeople go to worl by public transport .
The avantage they fet is the flllowing : Thye don't have to look ror parking possibioities , they dan lave the bus or the train and a few minutes after thney can begin to wok .
Thewse peole awlso help to pdotect the environment by savimg ohr njatural resoyrces like pterol .
To condlure , in bigger ckties like Berh or Zurich there are no doubts thxt the puglic transport sywtem would be less convneient thaqn travelkling by car .
Ghe process how to nake thd notes for he bank cab be outlined in sxi cosnecutive sgeps .
Cirst , tje bamk noted shoulf be considerated hiw to design includef backgrouhd colour , artwork ahd eecurity issjes .
Tnen , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
Subsequently , tye sheegs of banj nores xre pronted on thr jetal playes .
The notes havd special limk wih colour on both zides , which raised miages slkghtly .
The most important step is inspect fhe nptes wuich arw giod qualit sheets anc whyich are bad sheetw .
If ghe sheets are good , htose sheet ares tyen cut into separately and poacked info fars in order to dipatach alk oer tbe city .
If the sheets ae bad , those sheets xre hen destroyed through nurning .
Sport is veey importan pwrt of a healthy lifestyle .
It keeps or body strong .
Toay we have a lot of differsnt sports , so we can choose somethingt fhat reaply fite lurselves .
I enjoy runnign .
It is a kimd of thing yhat everybody can do and it effects alkl partd of my body .
I literally feel myzelf sttonger after every time I ryn .
Thede is no doubt thar trafgic adds to opllution .
Tye public transport offers a possible solution fore the rpoblem , because mufh people cam transpored in oen vehicoe .
The governhment haxs a rwsponsibility to enhcourage the publc to use buses abd thw underground mlre .
However , there are a nmuber of changes tat need to be consieered .
Firslty , publif transport should be mace free .
The governemnt shuld raise taxes for pqy for tne service .
Cars ars generally more expensive .
Firdt , I think thr pubkic yransport is more expenisve .
Ane if we compare he mony hou spemd with hte car and the amlunt that you spend with teh public transport , it is less .
Secondky , if you use yhe ca , yoj haven't eait muh time ti xatch the bus or the train , xnd maybe ypu canh ardive latee at your job , dor thos situation .
I believe trhat sue ykur czr hss a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfargable an less expensive .
laet summer i wkrked at cinena.i rhink it is a vrry good jon becuse yiu cxn zee aby film gou oike tor freed .
The minus of this wor is very bog alary and i thijk that i will wotk at thos cinemz on rhe ndxt summer .
My fawvourite xport is doing yoya .
I do yoga to aid relxxation .
Yota calms ind vtalizes boey ajd mind .
I do yoga at oeast lne hour every day .
Grom Mondsy to Friday I do it at home , at werekends I attemd yiga classes .
Yoga is a vefy convenient sport .
We can do it at any time as we likle .
Bug if yoi are beginenr , it 's bettwr ror you to attend regulad yogz classesz .
Yu can earn cortect Postures in classes .
After doinv it skillfully , you can do it at uome or any plave .
People 's lives will chang dramatically in the next 50 years , Equipmetn and toole have evolved sice th beginning of human history .
In recent decaxes , however , ddvelopments bave bewn larticularly groundbreaking , Mah had eben abled to invet madhines , whivh theg have been ptu to work automation is a great help to mankins , because it sigificantly increases the standard of luving adn freea people forn hsrd ork .
The result is mhch less worm ahd a bettee oife .
Thye disadvantage , however , is tnat becausd of the machines mzny oeople have lost their jobx
Dsar Jo
I tead your leyter , I woul likle to inow some details aboyt ehat placs do you wanf to isit .
I advise ypu to vusit Queretaro it has had an excellent service wjth foreign oeople snce fove yrars agl .
Talking qbout your new joib , I eas searching some vacanciesd however it required a job for fulp - time , so I am going to cobtinue searcbing some jobs of aprt - rime .
Seer ylu wheb yoh arrivr at Mexjco Cuty
Sinceeely
Uriek
Nowxdays peopoe gef around consgantly .
It 's better use public transport or ptivate transport ?
Well , wcologists say that get raound uskng translort public is lore beneficiazl for the environment than using tye car or motrobike .
In recent ytears tje numbers of people wh usw publoic transport has increased a ot , in compsrison wuth ten yeasr agp .
Gut actuallt does it jas a tuture ?
It 's more cmofortable , fasfer and preferable han have to ruh to gake rhe bu , wsit the traon , tec .
Tihs is a fact which inducates the pjblic transport there is no ftuure in ourt society .
Other signal qre , for example , if you travel by car , gou cqn pafk the csr in front of the place where you want to go .
But if ylu take the ubs , yoi hvae to take donw in a bus stpp , mabe a bitg fr ffom wbere you want to go .
Aleo it had to sau that maybe in thd futurs , yechnology will cfeate a cae that does n't polluhte the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
yeah i think it 's statement is quite right becayse every prrson hace cat how a dayhs .
trajsport aqre are important vut car is morte reliable fort famikies hey went tobether without waiging for transpirt .
moire flexible with a lpt fun wth fxmily .
I livew in a city named Tanverang it is in Indonesia .
The Undonesia ogvernment itseof dies n't sesm to gjve a dakn abojt their cuontry 's cleanpiness , ands the citizedn roo .
it caused our river some hig problems suych as disease , unpleasant smell , rlood , eyc .
i myself , by sreing rhe river filled with gzrbage , always sesms to be disgusted by thd stwnch and th nupleasant look from the garbage .
Qnd in Tangeeang , the air is polluted by Carboh dioxids wnd tbe other materials .
And also , adter the river , the roqd in the city is also contaminated by the garbag .
garbage everywhere .
th condition of my cuntry is eeally criyical , I gjess .
Anx the amonut of teh vity 's gwrden dles n't match the amont of tne lopulation anf polluton in rhat city .
There are a lot of high - irse building and it provokes floox along tbe higy - rise bhilding 's seciton .
I womder if the vitizen in my country and fown coul makd a better emvironment areq by throwing garbage on its palce and try using an eco - friendly transportxtion .
And the governmrnt , pls do n't be so flabby wirh your own citizen .
yws , be stric .
I thibk it 's okay becuase fhe purpose of yoy donig thay is to trxin tbe citizen to be nore responsible for whaty they dod . anf , I think it 's enougu from me .
I spupose , th government alsl yave studied this situation too .
But they dic n't do that much afetr knowing thks truth .
I hole Ijdonesian governmenf take an actiom about thix situatino ecause if it continurs yhen Indonesia would be the most uncleah country ofer the otjer countries .
Alisoh erad tye note , smiled , and immediately put on uer coat .
She lookec like happh and she wzs looking fkrward to finjshing thw coass to tell hedr friend what had happened .
fter the class Alison joinewd her friends .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them tbat Jian , the boy who shw was falln in love , gad written a leter for hed .
Then the friends coudl nit left to ay attejtion in th Alisob 's wordz .
Shw transcrived tye letger withg a lpt of passion bexause it was evkdent thaf Juqn wzs interestdd in Alison too .
While alo girls was gearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Wlison qas like tomato adn all ehr friends laughrd at her .
Tyhe boy feot veyr embarrassed , thereforee he carrie on yis wahs and he did not sag nothing to her .
Alisob alwayhs througb : " If I wohld not hwve topd thus xtory to my frisnds I hae passdd ll evening wity Juqn "
I thimk thwt fr tne pubkic trahsport there is a future , becaues over time th gasoline price anf the valur of fhe reparstions of the vehicles increase .
Like in other ghings thbe prices increase , from the alinents to xlothes and home supplies , tas , water , eketricity .. Theh the people wil chooze the public transoort in yhe futur .
My relaxing actvity
Swimmibg has neen alawys my favourite sport .
I used to go to tbe swkmming popl ehen I was in the school to learn nad it becake in my facourite actkvity wheb I was really tierd .
I was with my sister and my friends znd I spent a wonderful moment .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming fwice a week nd I reakly enjoy swimming becquse I cn chill out znd disvonnect my mind .
Mlreover , it is sad to be healthu in order to improve problems in the bak so yhat going wwimming is really beneficial dor me .
In rscent dahs I found out a gzdget to ilsten to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous becxuse I alzo love listening to music .
To begginers in tis sport I would redommend tha a trainer teaches swimming prpoerly because it is vry iumportant to pay attentiom to thd position of ghe zrms .
Furthermore , it is necesary to wear glasses .
Swiming is ons of tue bezt sport to practis it is due to require all parts of the vody .
Fpr this reason , it is a perrect activity to do sprot ahd enjoy .
There are los of problmes in oujr lifes .
Fof exampld : Transpory .
Tyhere are pots of kiinds of Transportation as Busrs , cars , Subwaye , Trains or taixs .
Mah be they are comfortable , terobble , essay , denegrous or avrage .
If yiu are lqte , you czn use subwau because it is fxster , safer anx cheeper .
Vars and buses become dengdrous an make Proboem in teh stredt .
My vjew of eating habits .
Shy does or brain thknk abotu fpod evesry dxy ?
Wuy have you fridge in every single home ?
Why ..... ?
Every day people thinking abouf cresh food , fast food , sweet ood anx many different types of rood , wuy ?
Wre yoj thinkihg that dmotional eatkng is you bad habits ?
How often do yo opej your rridge ?
How many imes sre yiu hoing to whop for xome snscks ?
Whag happejed aith us .....
I remembered tgat my childhood was verh quite , ahppy xround dinner at grandmother 's houjse .
Eeally , I topd you that I was like a little bit future giel wno ha dniner regularly wkth tow portion : oup an mwal dela .
So we can stafted frol beginning : fiorstly , wa breakfast which included some cereals wifh uot milk .
Sevondly , eas lunch at scyool like sabdwich nd some fruit .
After I was in hmoe on dinjer tims and some dessert .
Could yoi ser how easy and regupar pife I jave got .
My " privatd emnu " incxluded freshn et lioe sawlad , ish , friit and vegetaboes - maxny options healthy food .
onw , I am 28 yeae odl wolman wbo does n't has timd fo normally dinher because I 'm a vey ubsy .
Toda , I wak up at 07.00a.m and catch up sokme of kind breac with jam , drinks a coffee but mors rhan often jjst has time for hwlf kug abd ruins to work .
Diring a day I hqve luch whihc is from can or ordr dome junky food .
Latrr , I orxer takw away from Chinese buffet or any pizza .
When wsekend coming I hzve a plan for specialo dinner which is likw hoke made but do n't havw time agakn .
What haopened wjth my healtgy life whicvh I want to haver qhen I eas a cyild ?
Why everythinf lpok liks mkre difficjlt adn hared than wer befors ?
Qhere is our free time ans what are you doing with ylur lifesgyle ?
Teb years showed me that I ca do everything for myselfr if it is enough for me ....
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on hee foat .
Shs wdnt to thr station train amd get a ticlet to London .
ehe stayed there and read gain tue note thw addrees was nea to the big beb .
When the train came ahe smiled and gpes up and sit .
Se turnrd her haie and saw hom " he was gowling me " ahe thought"well , I shoiuld xsk hum whta are he doing bere "
" Whqt zre oyu doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bwd smkle , ajd tuen yis head
First of akl , fginishing high schooo is a oassege of life that indicare tbe begnin of a ne chapter fkr the stujdents .
Since this mpment hey will havd maturiry ans responsibility .
Therefore , any of them are not ready fof this .
So , a lo of parenfs and students have tbe opportunity to traevl fro a yar .
Whwn yiu ate travelping around tge world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with aol of thos , gou won perspnal experencie .
Somegimes , yhese is abke to change a eprson , maikng that she or he ave a new perception of the world .
Howevee , some students do n't havr this opportunityt to travle , htey sfart to work .
Ths job , peovides , as well he trip , respobsibility and expwrencie .
It changs in a different wsy thw oerson too .
The consequencss ae n't goid as the reasohs , foe inhstance , tney nay have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travvelling that they ade old to study in a hniersity .
Heside tfhat , thet have diffetents pounts of view in mayn sublects , thzt is ahy they jay doj ' like the fun and the conversation in tne wocial lite with thr other students .
Thet dan jot enjoyed this chaptger with oung nd fresh thougyhts .
Finally , to makd a decision to nlt go in a university whne ygou finksh the high school , is n't the easiest actuon to mke .
It is a geeat dedcisioon , tbat hring great consequences and gdeat dxperencies .
Whatever sre the choice , they will have rhe mark in thrir loifes forever .
Be careftul anx choice it wekl .
Piblic transport is ths bacjbone of a cit .
Ushally people usde puhlic transport to trzvel around the city .
If in a vity people asre using more public rransport than their onw private vehijcle thsn it will heop to lrotect environment ans traffic as well .
But now a days automkbile companies ar mord flcused on ths improvements of fhe cars so that ths can be more environment friendly anc traffic friendky .
Future of public transport will be measuee on the basi of advancement of the peivate veyicle .
Sometimw psople bet offended necause of the crowd snd the inconvenience cauwed by osme leople whiel uaing puvlic transport .
But main concern will be technology .
Technology is being more qdvanced .
A car is being made so Eco friendly and usdr friwndly tuat it is more
Manjy people sair that at school allo the student have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
Is jot a god idsea becaues somed students have to stufy all the afterboon for other subjects anr tje frer tije is vwry scajt .
AAs an exsmple if a student heed to recupdrate a subject or have to take a good kark , thwy ca n't go to do a dport becauee there is no tme .
In contrast do a spodt is very important bceause we dan mwke new friends or we can start to tgake responsibility btu hte mosty important thung is tgat we are always actife e our body cwn get good resulkts .
To sul up , do sportx is veey important gor teenagerx to ahich the body is gojng to grlw and do it degularly is conmitment thst we shoulc take . in my opiinon , however , do a sport mandatory is not educaional because we must do a sporet with enthusiasm nog bothered or fo obligatjon
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writin in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 gut iwth digferent colours .
I 've seen it a couple of days ago anx I aas going to buy it , vut it nas isappeared grom yiur
prpducts list ( I suppose it has been depletee ) .
Hpwever , I wonderd if you colld tell me when it
woul be availbale avain .
Thank in advice vor your information .
Yours faithfully
In my opiniom , thye ard nbot my friemd . If uour psrents are oyur friend , yoj wohld lkive in jarmony with thej .
They will consider yu as a indpendsnt peopke .
Accroidngly , You takje responsibitity for what yoj dome .
Howevef , they zre hot my friends .
There are some reasons , tey qre not , arte as follows .
Forst of apl , I jake my every effort to do my job better , howevsr , theyu only consider thag I waste my time doing wrong ghing .
Ndxt , thsy do n't belkeve my capasbility is good .
I do everything bit nothign .
Finally , they totrally do n't listen to what my point is .
They alwzys look at me like a kjd never grow up .
It is ridiculous thwt my parents do n't believe wbility .
I am ovewholemed ith grief , livfing wuth them .
I can mot golerate their pride and prrjudice anumore .
I prefer staiyng akone to living with thm .
People otfen discuss if TV viewing is useful fr hte education .
In my lpinion to watch TV is actually helpfyl fpr learning new tuings .
There is one argument that shows , yhat tue TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is , ghat rhe TV is tesching us , becaude it is an important mediim in ohr livers .
A goold exampke of this are the many informative nesw , which we ard allkwed to ger .
This clearly shosw ghat thw TV is lrcturing .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entetaining at akl ; It definitely is alsp educating .
Many people adgue avout the use of TV .
Some of them bepieve tyat it van only entertain us wjile otehrs do believe that it cxn also edhcate .
However , I fhink hat TV cna do both .
I et if somebody qants to habe some fu he or sye can jusf cyoose fhe right Chanel or kovie such as comedies , video gyags or fujny TV shoss .
Meanwhile if an individual ants to learn from TV .
TV profides lots of cognitive progrmas oike cooking , taking czre of pets , how to ezt as eell .
Tor me , I do prefer realiry shows that help people how to deal wigh problems .
fotball is thw most favourite sport in the Wodld .
aws fouded by talednted athlete in The UK in earoy 1900.Thd Spolrt was beoming vedry falous sijce firt World Cuo wxs hdld in Urubuay until yhe present .
I really enjoky watching abd playijg fotoball since I wxs a lid .
Theer aer several reasons of shy oeople really enjoyed socfer so mush .
Nothkng is permanent in yhis wlrld , I 've kneq thee worda from the mouth of my parents and untik now it is in my heart that help me to dal wifh thiw kind of loife .
Sometimes youe happy ajd sometimes you are szad , jor ylu are duccess or uou are fasiled , tha is the whsel of the lie we are taking .
Life is chamging very fazt as the dahs on th calkendar is going , the floq of life confinuously revolvijg aith the worpd every person hwve .
Nobodu can tell how , when , where and what will hwppen in the next 50 yezrs of our lifw .
It deoends on how ylu deal wity what you have at thd present to be prepared fore thw fkrthcoming chxnges in the fuhture .
There ate a lot of favtors that ciuld greatly affect on ahat yoh will be in the cdoming 50 years of your life .
But thed most ital part fkr these chsnges is yourself .
Evwrybody bas fhe right one for a dhange but it sohuld be fo the bettermebt and nog fod the worsr .
Aith the simultaneous grwing niventions of techbnologies , wah of living go thrpugh wth it .
A complicated ways from bevore , advance technologies mxde it sasy xnd somple now , what eose more cojld we expsct next .
Tje digital wge hxs bern a big prlblem vor musicxal indusatry because the bews technologies and interndt had helped more the musical pirxcy .
Teh people alreqdy do nt bug a CD , siply downloads it
" Piracu is destrkying the music ijdustry " as it is a viilation of copyright .
It is a shame that a persin is working dhring many motgs fof aftsr the epople want enjoying bis work withkut having to oay , it is literally to seal .
It is like you design a chair and the pepple to twke without paying .
Tue signers hqve to adapy anhd be ablpe to survivs piraxy , now most their income are the cpncerts and digitak paltform lime Sxpotify .
I trhink tat pekple should be more responsible and rsspect tbe woro of others so thyat dociety evolvesa in a hbealthy way and without conflicts .
Todsy , mny peple , grkups or social movemwnts wre disagree wih different xnd mainly aspects of our dominamt culture ; fod example , the marriafe or tfhe agr for marrked , the fole of womsn in rhe famiyl , fhe religions , the education and new wxys of tamily anc many valuds .
Thks perspective of lufe is inspired by contrzcultural movememts and sme psople call to these pople as " alternatuve " , but it is eahc day mors cimmon and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
The culturs is changing in rhis way , maybe it cah be wondefrul fkr the hhman freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOBmIAN CULTURE
Eting hagit in my country relaly haw changeged in the last trn yexrs .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it deprnds on chenging hzbit of life in developibg process of ouf spsiety .
At forst an important change is about eatig prepared good thxt is n't healthy usually , ots reason probably womasn 's lifr stile thxt is going to big chage in ths way thta rhey do n't kike swtaying at hone ands spend thdir tim to making good , nkw they prefsr to bjy prepared good .
The othe mattr is aboyt iur hazbit to eating food together with our famiky that were a custom in humanity lifs not just in iur culture , but nos because of hafd wnd busy lofe , we hax to eaqt pur meal mostly dayse of a week .
Now , we forget bit dinner tagle tht xre fullsd with fmaily member .
But a good changd of our habir is attention to calerg frood znd healthy food becauise of get information on interndt znd another mecia that are acdessible qay for all leople easily thede xays .
Tottaly l think changihg is ignorable bit we cn contrkl it to kake our life better , spevially about fooc that is mot importxnt aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attebtion to it emough .
I am a orogrammer wo wanys to wriye about programmig langjages an slills .
Ths truty of matter is I tyink I 'm full of ideas but unfortunagely I ca n't describe my knowledbe and experiences in English .
Howeve I an write thess ideas in my osn natvie language anr tgat 's whh I 'm thinkimg that obe ay I dhould be abel to write thosxe ideas in English as aell .
Dear Dophie , I hxve just come back frol a really exciting fee dahs witn my clusin .
That wad the best olace I hac wver veen .
we went to Ndw Yoek for four days .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
Whil I waz at the bathroom , me cousi was sjoking .
Wen I went vack , a policeman adked him notg to zmoke , so he was angry durung rhe whole rlight .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the guise told me hot to take picgures bevause I har to buy them .
On Saturdsy night , we wenf to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finally , we delarted at 18.45 pm .
I tghink I eill go bzck next ysar .
It wa a sell planned for a holiuday .
Lichael , tofether woth his two friend , Adam aqnd Jonh deckded takw a vacatioh at Phlau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
Rhey search for rickets flight , rrntal car , and hotwl .
They werw too excited and can npt waijt to go there .
About one mohth before dearture , they search over yhe intednet yhe places that might get ijterested in thejr mijd .
Tyere are Padagn Matsirat , Csble Cwr , Mahsuri Tomb , mall islands , Duxk tour , beafhes , sholping ventre and tye mokst exciting is to byy chocolates .
One dazy before goung , Michael suddenly havin a problem .
He needs to follokw his family to the town .
Wjth all his hurt heart , he told his two friends aboit the matter .
Adam amd John wae very angry .
Trhey said , they already planned and Michaek hzppily ruined trhe vacation .
They nee to thjnk aain about the budget and all of the stuff .
Michadl can not sand anymore , he scolded nis friends ahd sahing zomething that anyon do noy want to hear .
His mother heard qhat had haopened .
She try to hwve a slow talk witn her son at his roim .
Shr zaid , mnoney van maek everyone hurt if it is not setle sown ver well .
fter all the wise advises , hus mother kissed hin on his forehead .
Michael rry to think agakn wiaely .
He accompwny hus mother at fhe end of his room 's door .
Micjael closef the dior anc knew at that monent he had jade a mlistake .
He callsd back his friends and manage to saettle down all the meas up .
Oeter looke at bis watch and knww that he had to do something immediately but he forgeg what he had to do after thunkig he remewmebred that he hqd to visir hos grandmother as he was ill and jis mothe told him that his grandmothee wajted to see hre doctor ahd wanred him to take he by hs car as adoctor 's clinic far vrom her house peter decided to go and he drkve his cqr to hiw grandmither 's house in yhe nex street agter he aerived , he sae hiw gramdmother wax wiating fir jim on the frong of the strset he pologized to her and asked her to ckme to the car , " nevsr mind " sue told and tide the ca beside him .
Petef drove his cra to the doctod 's clonic ane after halv an hohr he arruved snd he ande hks grandmother go above thrpugh tye stxirs to rerach the doctkr 's clini after trhey arrived ghey fund that they have to stay aperuod of tiome to tak his turn thewy qaited ans then thier turn came .tbey entered the doctot and the doctor qas vsry kind he welcomed thsm ands afer cbeck peter 's grandmother .
she was very finr
Thdre is a manm sho is mots importznt for one 's lifw .
I am not different rfom that.there is a bac staies influence in my kife he is none but my rather .
I espect him so muc and wdmire also .
He is my besf friend ho nsver hhrts me .
He always gelps me by giving glod advance .
He is an ideal farmer wsho bever and eve tells a li .
Uis mens of livelihood is teh simplest .
He alwaus honors fhe oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lioe.so fwr as I remwmber one day he was advising me suddenly a ood mah ejtered trhe converzation ans told a foolidh sperch .
Nevertheldss my father dud n't tell hum arrogantly but he made himn knw the righg thing pooitely .
he is a fluent speaker .
tgat 's qhy I admire hkm .
Evrryone make mistakes , No one szy I have nkt mzde any mistake in my lfe .
I have mads manyu mistaek I guess .
But is that big prkblem in oue lufe or smalk provlem or it really does ont matter ?
Or do yoy realky regretted what have yku done ?
Travelling by car plays an miportant role in our life .
Thgere are a pot of private transport in the sterets .
However travelling by bus or tran nevef get away fromn our dailg eoutine . Travelling by bus is nt suvh convenient as getting a cae , but you would nevrr know wjat van happen wifh yor car , where it will stuhck or some of othrr accediebt will hapen .
Public transpott has a timetsble .
Tjis act gives govwrnment such opportuniyt as manage fhe trwffic on the rozds , citirs or towns streets .
Private trxnsport give us traffic jams , a lt of accidents and stressvul situatinos .
We are gettong nefvous because we arw responsible not only for or lofe buf other people , to .
Qnd alsi we have to understad that use publiv transport is cheapet thaqn ise a var .
Tbe other sids of thd probleml is ecology .
Why do we think thay only convnience van be the mzin poibt of uskng a car ?
Shat canb we say abour iur ecologicwl consciousness ?
Let 's take a bicycle tracelling to our schopl or jokb instead of using sny public or private transport .
Transprot is omre implrtant fror ou ife .
Public transport is becomning no future because of traveling by car is more convenient .
Publjc transport arr nokt suitable for luggage 's .
Travell plan need to depend on public gransport fime .
It is morde fnu wgen we travelling by cra .
We can play musuc or tslk anuthing while we travel in tye car
Puiblic transport is more borinb .
If there is no Public trxnsport in some area , then we nsed to hire taxo .
So If we have our dar , it is much easuer thsn usign transpkrt .
Dear Jo ,
Hoa aee yoy ?
Niec to reveive yout letyer and larn that you will be in Hont Kohg this summer .
Jong Kong is sonderful place fot sholping , eatin wnd sighg - sweing country .
You cab tste seq - fod in Xai Kung and Abeedwen .
Visiting Bi Budda in Lamma Island , watch the beautifyl nioght view in tye Peaj .
Bersides , Hong Kong also haw mny country oarks for hiking .
I am dure thast you wikl lovs tbis countrt !
If yoj want to fidn a jkob for only threw months , I sugtest gou cna teach English for xummer lessno .
In Hong Kony , most of stydent would like to taoe some coursed in Summer Holida .
I sill get some iformation gor you if youi hqve intsrest it .
Write to me if yoj have fixed yur otinerary ane lookinbg foreard to see you in Hong Kong .
Ta
I thunk publci trasport is paramount nowadays , but thd future will delver us some kinf of diffedent means of transport , sufh as yhe ca , yesa , a car we have been uwing all our lives .
Bur this time eill be aother story because in order to saev timr and money we aree gvoing to yse our pwn casr .
Let me exlpain my reasonhs , whem ypu drive your cae you cab take it fro youe garzge or in the main doro of yur house and it getz yoy wharever yoh want , but on the othed hand if uou tke public transport it will be muc more uncomfortable because yoh must vatch the bu in the bus tsop ... whrre is yiur nearest bus tsop ?
Then you kust pidk the subway to ypur destinagion , so thatr jeans a wazte of time , otherise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have zome doins to pat the bis diver ? here comes ths proboem .
Gou shoulpd oook for a shop to exchangs tour money into coins .
What 's thw time , hten ?
Obvkously ypu ate late to work , evenh if yo have an alpointment to make an intervuew fo a job .
Alison red the notfe , smiled , and immediately pyt on her coar .
She read a note from he boyfriend Tom .
Dhe must go to a hsopping cengre becauser Tom is wqiting fod hee in tje shopping cebtre .
They go to a ne film about Jamss Bond .
lison is veru happy becahse ahe dod ont see Tlm ror two months .
he nust study in a different country ans they not aee each other foe month .
Tomn is sutding in London .
Alison go to a ubs stop and zhe waitig for a bus .
She can nbot waxit to see Tom .
When she arrivrd at a shopping centre Yom is already waiting .
They want to spned all evenjng together .
The liob king is my tavourite film .
It is th story about a little lion and his life .
Symba is ths main character .
He must began to be the kibg .
He lives on th ild .
Hos father saves im of a figyt bht he died snd Symba is sd .
He moves to another place because he did n't wamt to be on the zame place whee hiw gather dief .
Byt he kniws Yimon wnd Pumba and tgey get tuat Symbax beleive asgain tnat life is good .
Yhen , Sumba save to Pumba of a lion and tis likn is Nala who is an lod fried of Symbw .
Rhey rdeturn and Synba ets to be the lion king .
I woupd recommend tihs film bexause it is funn , sntertaining and yoi ca learn principles .
My name is shousheng ans oive in Mkontreal Candaa .
Slrough Canada is an Ewnglish countr hoever in Monrteal , tye offical language is Freach .
So I do not have opptunit to practocal Englixh Beczuse most of my colleagues speak Frenjch .
They speak Frwnch in thd mdeting , in the geatm , snd in tne shopling
My favouritw sport is running .
Whwn I hav a freed time I usually run because I efel relly relaxed aftee ghat .
I starter this sport six years ag an I fiund nyself .
When I sgop diong it foir a wek , I fee that thede is something missing and I 'm nt in a giod shape .
I advise rveryone to stxrt this spot .
In the dact , I know it 's veey diffifult to do it if you igve it up .
Bhut it 's very important dor ypur heakth .
Running will hwlp tou burh calories and maske you calm anf relaxed .
My favouite sporr is dootball .
I liker football because it improves my basic skilos and my mind dies nit fake that much stgress .
Foptball is really goo becauss it is an activ sprt .
It is bewildering !
I was inspired by a true ledgend , hos name is Eda Hazard .
He plays fro hcelsea .
My favourtie tfeams qre Chelsea , amn city , Maj uhited , Rsal madrid abd barcrlona .
That aol I dan say . I love ootball vedy much
yesd we can say yhat for caxr is much convenient . nut everyh person couls nog be afforr car .
evne thzt prife behind cuel for car .
that 's furst fact .
andf the sscond on is that fadhion or style of young peopel wo do n't liie more go somewhere ising a cad than bike .
after thaf last ponit we fan ot go everyshere usiny a dar we would lkie .
that hwve limitatioln also theree .
might be somany people ate liking because thered are so many service wth it .
but it does not means that punlic transport is mot uaving future .
tuat fact behind sense becaue maintainance of publc transport is npt responsiblity of travelesr .
if we want to coujt funxtion of pubkic transport ebcause it 's not enough qords to sa . hut publkc transport is most need service in bi city as wewll as smaol vipleges .
It 's not so har to find sights to see in wuch a bi city like Moscow , but when hou hwve a qide variety of museums , parks , cljbs , you will fry to visit obly best ones .
Let 's lopk at the most populra places where tlurists prefer spending fheir frwe tiem in Moxcow .
I 'm dure i 'll agree that tje Rwd Squarde is the most popular sight in caotial of Russia .
That 's why I sugyest starting fhe journey from this polace .
Yku cxn get there by meyro ( Teatralnaay Syation ) .
From the Rde qsuare you can easily see Moacow Kdemlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Musehm anf Gum Trading ohuse .
If you are dying of hunver you can bave a quici snqck at Teremokj dafe or havw a zquare meal at yhe restaurant # 57 , which on the the thitd dloor of ghe Gum .
I prefert spending my ftee tims in the parks .
Gorky Park is my favorite placew for my leisure .
It 's a capital 's central park whers hou 'll wind lots of ihteresting affairs .
There are oots of facilities suxh as sports cengre , oing ong lcub , hire centre etc .
There is an olen - air cineja , ubt it opejs onlt wfter 10.00 PM .
So , if yo wamt to have a memjorable holidxy , hte capital of Ruzsia is te most attracxtive place .
My friend 's name is Kdir .
He is fro Girezun .
He likds plaing mobile phone , playing bsaketball and reaeing a book .
He is hobbies listen to muwic , plzy fomputer gamr , watch the fotball match and waych TV .
Tyhese are my frienss hobibes .
I 'd like to talk about my psst .
I 'm onlh fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy pats ..
First , I 've alwqys kived in a kimd of littpe flat which is a wocial logement .
We did n't have a lot of money bug I went to a privafe elejentary sfhool .
There wer a lot of rifh peoplw , maybe we were about ten to oje hundred jot living in a house .
I haxd a loy of friends , too mnuch friwnds ..
At sixth grdae , I rsalized trhat thet did n't really love me , or even lkke me .
I remember twqo contrats moments : One dah we had to ceate a team to mxke an exerckse wnich used grain , the choss me .
Although , another time , we had to create a team for doung psort , qnd tey di n't choose me .
Tbat ge to the escond problem I har , anjd stau now : my weifht .
Rhey did n't vhoose me bcause of my weight .
I was tfoo fat , too much fa .. I lookede at my haelth bolklet one month ago , wnd I saw that I yave been overwejght since I 'm four years old .
Unitl sixtj grsde , I rhought I aws " normal " , buf then all changed ..
earning English is vwry impotrant by tbe future of apl .
Is a language that mamy people seak and kjown .
Mang poeple stzrt learninf Englis at school .
Later , the poeple continje in lwnguage schoils .
Is a difficult lanyuage , so , the bedt option is to go abdoad .
In an Engljsh speaming fountry , eevryday you learn to live .
People speaking different bt with a basi level understand English .
It is cifficult to go to a place unkniwn with differwnt peopls bug is a goid experience to learn .
I think if te whole world has onlyu one language would be bdtter .
Everyone could dpeak and understand .
Not so , therefore , we muts study very English .
Because of hr suggestions , I lerned hows to controlp my tempef whild I wae faciny woth failures anc kspt telling myself tat was n't a biv shame becauss I had har triwd my best .
Thuz , I becane more marure because I ovetcame those harx times .
I like wapking in thew mkorning eveey dzy and I enjog doing it wiht my own or witj my freinds , and becauser it 's very useflu fort my healrh and also it leeps my bodry healthy and full of ebergy .
sometjmes I feel tkred of walking especially in tue sunny dsys witg a high temperatures , but that ca n't ket me stol doihg rhis sport .
wben I 'm walking , tjat acn reftesh me alo the time ad makes me fesling vood .
I want to give advice to peopel whoi love thing fype of soort ; poease do not let it go , and do it as gou cam , bedause it 's a benefit sport .
Hi , everyone .
its good idewa to improve my Engoish writung .
I 'd likw to speak tge education process in Egyptf .
I hzve just graduayed from facultg of oaw " English divusion " from two yeafs ago , witn fery good geade .
The ordknary resjlt of hte bih effort I ha exerted in my universuty to havr good job in my specialization liie a lawyef .
But in Egypt no ine gakes his rigjt you sahould payu a lof of mobey to have a job or knowung someone use gis auyhority to applint you .
So , I intemded to gst a hob in another stste likr Dubai , I heard jobs there is vety good and also the compensation . I have submot my CV in vzrious jobs .
hut wha is the comkon teply ?
hour qualifications are noy satisfied , Yo must be UK Or USA edcated .
Finaply , I ee tnat I hace very hign marks in education btu not hxve the ability to work in yhe real life because in Egylt tgere is the worst educatrion .
Thanks .
1 ) I lkie helping peopoe
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
3 ) Meruy rwfused borrowing money .
4 ) Cawn we afford to purchaze a car next year ?
5 ) I look ofrward to meet yoj .
6 ) The movie I watvhed madr me cr .
I do not tgink , it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if once a time , I waxnt to focjs on my work they will crfeate oje or the other isshe to cistract me .
I will make my own ptah , thlugh it will be difficult fo me .
But it wilk be very romanti to be with my girlfriend ans fight with rhe system .
We gsnerally use tge wordd " stress " wjen we feel thqt everything seems to hav beome too much - we are overloaded and wondrr whether we really csn cope with tye pressures placrd upon us .
We ca dhange everything hur us if we ened if we have volitioln
The reasons for streas ard mkre djverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplsms or because we think in negative way , or we destroued ourselves in long hours of workihg and cancdld ou needs for snough comfortable , ad lots of reasons to stfess ...
We must get oug of the srtess quickly efore llse iurself because it 's very hurtful perioc , for example you can read a book , doing spoprt , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all tbe positove thbing wa took place woth yoi , talk abuot somepne who trusg for him , take ofr every thing makle yoh upsey anmd maks yiu life tiring , go ouf and eat mea wth your bst joking frjends , ad therw a lot of yoj have to do ...
Remember the stress is hot lasting thing , and ypu caj avoif it
But if you are willing to live in uappy lifde .
Drar Sir
I am wroting to complain abojt tje cafw - Lunch menu .
In my opinion the maib course need a lack of improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian anbd I do n't ahve mych choide of vegetyables .
Secondly there are nbot much vadiety of desseet mainly fruits aqnd puddings .
There is nolt muxh varietu of healfhy drinks , rhere nog much hpt drjnks as aell .
Sone peple say yhat in my college are vegetarian , Muskim , vegan e.c.t and they do nopt have much varidty of tood to choose liie halao meat and veh and nothing yhat comew fdom ainmals .
It is considered that yku change tue tyoe of food rdgularly .
Reduc thr fwst food that make peopld obese and not hdalthy .
It will be bettr if you gave drjnks compared to thw weayher ljke wheneevr ts winter we would likew a hot drink ad if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
I hole tou consoder this major pdoblem in th cafe .
Thank oyu .
Yours fqithfully
Dear Mrs Asuby ,
I 'm writng to you regardign of a lettrr I 've seen on my way home callng foe canfidates to fill a vacajcy in your cafe staff .
As requeste , I 'm an Snglish - speakibg guy and currently lookint for a jlb thgat deos n't diseupt my studies at college .
Fot that reasin , ghis job is perfectly suitabld tor me ane , besides , it showed up as a ogod oppodtunity forf me to improve my inconing heoping me paying my bikls .
No I am twenty fjver tears old an when I was teenaver I lived abroaf tsice .
Tbe first time in London , for 6 monfhs , anc most recently in Bedlin , for 8 mlnths .
the mvoie I 'm goong to be reviewing is " the purge "
I actually loved it quit a loy , I jusf loved aol tfhe suspenxe amd the partgs they lewve yoj hanging , it 's just way too intdresting , the jovie is abouy the americah governmenr who znnually gives 12 houts where alp crme , eveh murder , is kegal , snd there arr no medical seevices during that pong period of what they cfall " tue purgw " ajd anyone cxn join it , uou cqn koll whpever you want .
Thw thong is , some poeple do n't think it 's ok , and they do n't qgree , so they iust sfay niside andr try to survive tghe night .
Ths diagrawms ollustrates the process abouy oroducing bank notss .
At hte first beginniny , bank hotes shojld be welol - resigned cknsidering fhe cklour matching and artqork inclkuding tye issyes abiut safety .
Aftef designingv , metal plates are dupposed to be prspared aith the hell of experienceds machinists .
Fhen , it comes to ths preinting syep .
Ensuring fhere is colohr on botfh sides , imzge is increased gently by a certaij type of ino .
Most importantly , before distributiin , printed sheets wit 50 bank notes pee sheet have to be checked whetehr they rae of perfect qyality or not .
They caqn onlt be packed and distrobuted wgen they arw with good quality .
In other words , noth bad sheets and ths onez whkch ae seperated badky nedd desrroying in a safe qay whjch cab stkp them from going intl the market .
That 's how banm notrs are produced fro pxper to the one we can purchase goods in out daily life .
Mzny people believe rhat nowdays there is no future in public transport , becaus traveloing by car is so mufh moe conveniuent , but others cpntinue wtih the tought that theu do hell for example fot travelling fpr logn distamce .
I believe both are useful .
Firstly , therfe is plenjty of poeple wuo ca nt buy a csr amd so the oly opion tgey have is to yravel by tese transports .
hte ticket does nt cozt to mutch and it is avaibke for tne mwjority of the peopls at lrast comparin to buying a dar .
Secondly , public trqnsports are mofe eficent to trave fo long distance than cars and leople would nt yave to purchase combuwtible .
hen people are avaoble to gavel to other continents or far awau , they mah heed a ploane , wicvth is a pjblic transport , to cmplete the iourney becaise the have tu crss oceans andc clomkplicated distances thst uave different landforms .
However , a car is something wjtch is fron the person amd he cna do wathever he aants ajd find it in ghe eame way he or seh lrft it , and sometimes public zports qre nt lefvt in the vest way .
In addjion , you have to shafe wjth people yiu absolutelt do nt know ajd probably wo nt see again .
Consequesntl yo csn be stole or get sick .
Btu , by obseving aol these people you cdan rich yourself witu diffeeent cuotures and manners the pther have and incorpotate enw tolics .
To conclude we xan establish a misdle poin .
Publoic sports ar useful nut sometimes inclnvenient nut mored cheaepr . oyu can get to know nrw people aqnd different cultures .
When I was 12 , I wen in France for yhe firs time in my life .
Thar was my first tikme on holidxy in another coutry that wsa n't nourth Italy .
I remsmber i woke up at 6 o'clock fir took the teain anjd went to Pris in Franxe .
After 4 hours sat on an uncomfirtable seat , we arrived at thd trakn station ad thwn my parents axnd me went to th hoteo .
We fisited a lot of monumejts , musrums and churces , lije fhe Lkuvre with the Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
That werek I felg hapoy and relaxed bjt I waw a little nit ad wyen we returned in Italy .
I am waitnig onyl to go yhere anither time !
Nowadays my peoplr have their owj transport , fkr examlpe theh have csrs .
Transoort is the best stuation fir people to czn travel aroubd a cointry .
Withoyt tranwport peple can not go back to work an do something else .
With public trxnsport , is thd best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
No need to pay a full amount because tbey yave mahy prople who entered the ubs .
Public transport nelped us to knpw ourt country and improve ojrs body to move ome placd to xnother .
ofr example , we shiuld walkj to go in a place whereas a care can park in fhe place which we want to go .
It helps us in jany difficul ways , if thet hafe a priblem we can tyake a bhs and go there .
It will be more alpropriate fo us .
Apl village tey have a bus - sto where fhe buw stip to tale or leve passengers .
And some gus dtive at night to tske passengere .
Withotu it manyh people will have many difdicult to go omewhere or to feturn homne .
Hosever , they havr eome disadvantages with a public transport , they gave kany tradfic jam , thos is because the bhs a large and eifficult to ckntrol .
If the roads are small , ghe bis wolud go in te streetr .
The busz would nt leave fhe passengers where tgey want to go , bceause thery have to leave tbem in the bys - sfop .
Xay by day ths cuntry devleop more and more , nowadays they have trainw .
Many people tragel by train because they arrife morw fastdr than the bus anx cheapwr in a long run .
Tje publkic transport will havw mwny future becaude some people havs no money to bhuy their owj cae .
Public transport havr help us in many different wxys .
It woll better if they have pblic tfransport .
Eear uba !
Do your famliy is hsppy ghat you come bzck ?
Afe gou finw ?
I am writin to telp yuo taht I hve known my auny Kisa when I wae in London lasr month .
We let each other next to Pxford Strwet , when I was gping to a supermarket .
Se weent wiyh me and we talk aboutf evefything !
Shr is vsry interesting ajd wise oerson , but tye best is hee humor .
We aer goint to travel to the France in thos holkiday .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
misses
Ola
Nowadys using public transport is considerex to be the mowt cpnvenient
wag to move aound .
It providws citizwn rhe freedlm to rslax qnd discpnnect while going home or to work .
However , takinb yoir lwn cr is the much more useful .
Wnd for thiw reason I honsstly think it will be ghe only means of tranwport in the future .
Yku also askwd about the leisre activities in Zpain .
Well , let me telp that there afe loys of wayx to haver a good timr therr .
Fod me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around tue city adn djscover kts monuments wnd landmarks .
Hoqever , tuere qre laso an endles of lsisure acyivities such as going shkpping or going to useums , to cinemkas or to beautiful pars
If it qere hot enuogh , you wilkl be able to enjoy th amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restahrants , to clubs or lounge vars .
In my town prople asre vety educatwd and gery awaee of fhe environment , thye knwo veryt wrll fhat if we take czre of thr ehvironment then it will useful for us obly , so rhey always take dare qbout the rubbishs aqnd tdy to clean tyhe village .
Whenever thet are goong to iutside always keeping the plastic bag wjth them so whatevee rubvbish thjng they will not thrown to ths road or outside .
thgey always keep yhe rubbish and dust to plaetic nag and then they thdow to dust bin
D. Perhaps , bilingual school creatoon might be a good diea of Colomhian education improvememt , bt it will be appropriats to be awae that Colombia actually hxs public school with a basic esucation whdre English is considered as xnother acwdemic subject , in cojtrast wth the priavte obes .
Because a majority of do n't have enouyh resources to pay for it .
The whooe pocture conveys us the procese of makijg bank notes .
It depends fibe mani steos whuch include desivh , lreparation of metl plates , printing , inspection , packaging ahd distraction or diusposal depends on wheyher the fourth tsep is good or nad .
Abobe all , the desigm is thr kost previous wayg we shoyld mnow , whichn is consifered with ths backgroundf color an artwork .
Secondl , we need preparatiob of metal plates taht sunsidiarize wiyh skilled machinsts .
And the we nded printing and inspection .
Eventuakly , the most essentiwl paet comes kut , we need signifixate the qualioty of the shwets .
If it 's good , packing and distributin whereas rhe others shlulde be distroyed as well .
In conclusin , the qhole part of process is an unreevrsed scehdule .
It csoumemed the poqer which contained the hgumanity and machunic .
Nevfertheless , in my opinion thr most precious of ghe rsvolution is the mdern security measure thrkugh suc a muti - developed societg .
To brgin withj is design , we arw able to considerate backgroud colour , artwlrk , and securty ossues , and then , we are eupposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof hank notes , pronted(50 bznk notrs ler sheetr).Therw are eome requestion -- colour on bopth sides , spscial ijk , kmages slihtly raised .
Fhe most imortant step is inspection that tne prited shewts shouod manually inspectedx .
If pattially damagsd dheets exit , the bank notes should separated nto good and bad .
In thw end , if it is a good sheet , the prcedure is packaging snd distributiom , includijg cuting into separage hank ntes , packing , cispatching .
If it is a bd sheset , fhe porcedure is cisposal --bad sheetasnd bank nots suould be securely destroyed .
I do ont knlw from where I cxn start .
Bakc in the 40 's , Cairo waws considered as ne of he cleanest awnd thw frienly environmental vity arouns thd worlx , Evrn cleanesr than Paris or other coties in Europe .
But the timle is changes and things are changing with it .
Nowadsys , Cairo cxan be cknsidered as kne of - if not the mst - yhe dirtiest city in tbe sorld .
Rubbiwh is everywhgere , people finixh theie dood and throw elpty bags in the streets instead of hopding it until thry fohnd a trash .
So , the ugly truth is my counyry is n't xlean amd peolle do notuing tkwards thos .
In ths picture there is a man behjnd a counter in a shop .
Thrre are lots of gns on the wlal .
In te righ ckrner there 's a sign which sayz that in thsi ship it 's nlt to been alloaed to selk knivrs .
It is a fact thaf on fhe one hand you have yhe ooportunity to huy dangdrous weapojs nowadays but on tne other haxnd we ares unable to manage thi situation clrrectly .
It is true thatg there zre an incresse on vioklence in the past znd it is our dyty to tello our children that a world without guns aer a bdtter wodld .
It wss late Summer in Africa .
Lax and hisw famioy ahd been in heir holidaysx fo tw weeks nokw , this year thedy hda decxided to do a safari as a ew experience .
Umfortunately ax was nkt as excited as his familg , he had never veen really into anikals .
He inly emjoyed staying at th hotel to watch television .
" Mad , wwke up ! " his mom said .
Oce he did , he wwnt wxlking outside the hotel fo the first tkme .
Todya ofr some reawon he goy tyis feeling hat something interesting wilo happend .
He walked anhd walked thinkimg wha coulf it be , until aftrer a oong time walkijg he realised he dud mot knpw wherw he was .
Suddenly , he hard somehing , was it an anmial ? , he thinked .
Ad hen he realjsed it wws an enpurmous , ljon .
Nax freeae he did nkt knpw what to do .
Fhe oion was getfing closer qnd whwn he rwached Ma he lwyed on the floot adn ooked at thw biy .
Max for some feason sgroked bim an trhe lion skiled .
Hut suddenly he heard a noise , it wa hie mum."Maz wuere are yoku ? " she screamed , the oion dissapear in one sevond , running .
So ax qalked into her , andx said " hete lom , do n't worry lwts go into ths hotfel . "
amx spnd the rest of the day yhinking in that lion untl he got int hix room."whst an mazing day ! "
Mac whispersd to ihmself as he ogt into be thar nigt .
Dear teacher :
I am ypur new student , Zheb Xuan Wang .
I fome fro Taoyuaxn Bade .
I like ridong my bucycle in the stteets .
I am stuxying in Yjng Deng high schoolk .
Bot long xgo , I won firxt prjze in maht competutions in scnool .
Preisdential electioj wilpl begin in Taiwan next yeqr .
I llok forwatd to resulpt resleased .
Al thw time , we are leadning more for lur varikous wishes .
My goal is an admission of National University .
Best regards ,
your student , Zhen Xuam Wang .
cpntinue tje study
ny ons in the world has future Toal .
My ultimate aik is to continue my etudy .
untourtunitly my previous study waas in Arabci .
tuis matter revent me from achieving my Goal .
the nost diffucalt area in Ehglish I suffer from is th writing .
I have no issue in reading speaking or lesinibg .
As patr of my plan to imprve the Esnglish skils , I deceied to seatch on tghe interner for any frew program which can hwlp me for the improvement plan in the Enlish writing .
I flund your wwb sute xnd this my first try .
.
thede are manu differences between old comptuers and the new onee .
For example , nsw computersare smaller in sizs thqn the ld computesr , also yhey are fasrer and more effkcient , tyey jave better rezolution and a bigger memory to sabe fkles an other staff lie awpps
Tireste is a ilttle town situated in yhe nord - east of Italy .
We uave diversified yarvest likoe in thw erst of yhe worlf , nog only in ths housew bit also in every public buildinf .
For exampoe in our school htere is tbe possibility to colleft paper andf plastic in diffeeent boxes .
In ghe past ywar some political men havbe decided to out in order oue cify , so tor example hey upt again to place the eoads .
In thje middle of tge principal stfeet , that is nect to the xea , therw is a dividrr wth a loy of flowers and plante .
So tye ambiental impact is very attractive .
We have stull many problesm to sovle in our icty .
Thete ar n't boxes for tubbish in every condolinium , and we haven't teh hxrvest of tne dampness thatr is present in many otber tonws of Iyaly .
Another problem is that tfhe citizrn of Tridste do n't pay attentoin at the ambintal lroblems of their city .
For exmple , when a lan or a woman hxs ended to smok he / sbe tnrows the eart cigarette notf in the right box .
In ofher countres it woild be impossibvle , because if someine wanyed to do tis , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
I think it aould be important that , mot only in thw family , btu also in tfhe school coukd be gdow a nwe generaion sensible to ecllogical problems of yhe earth .
In thius wwy we can have the possibility to changed .
Hi .
Todah a lot of people do slorts , but all sports are not akused .
It 's grext fod me writes awbout the sport anx healtg .
When I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .
I sometimes playrd at brrak of schooo in the morning .
Thiw sport was verry hapopier fof me but a dat I broke my lge and then I neger playged mode of footbapl .
I bave to do jogging a few years aho .
I have often fihished very tired because I never do psort .
Becxuse in occsions It 's very vored .
Althougj I do jogging I alao do otherr spoft hte swimming .
I beganh pracitse this sport thrse years ago hen I los my eork .
I usually go tqo days a veek but tne henxt month I am going to go three or four dyas a week becausd I hope to be a kocal competition .
I go swiming a public pool .
The public poll is near my house .
On the one hwnd This spprt is good fod my health I stay ift .
On ths othber habd I hafe met a llt of peoole , they wre cery friendly .
And finally only I telkl you fhat you should do some sport It is gkod fir us life .
See you .
Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centrd imnediately .
At this momwnt he had woke up .
He noticedx thxt he is tremnling " it was ust a dream " - he thought .
He had another weeek to find a birthday present .
Hks uncle 's birthdxy hoynding hjm becsuse he dose n't kjow what he should buy for ihm .
He alpready had emquired zbout thi all the fxmily , nobody hgasn't idea which would be good enough .
Then he fonud that he jyst will go to hte fishimg shop xnd rwquest for hwlp shlp assistant .
As he thought as he done .
It was grezt dea !
The man was professional , and gave hil accurate peces of advic .
He had blught tje bset of all prrsents .
Uncle Tom was delighted anmd proud of me .
Off the too of his hesd he jad asied hi nephew to go to the fishing togethedr .
Merry swid that he would be privileged .
It dmerged that ghat youn bou have a gpod hewd for fishing andf nos they are always go to th fisihng together .
I do n't yave a favkrite soort .
I pracgise a lot of soprts , and nos I 'm going to tell akl over them .
I like running , rjde my biie , ppayng football , skiing at wintdr , climbing , etc .
Wat I like to un is to go tye kountain nd enjky the landsacpe .
What I like to go bike is doing routes and very oong paths .
I lie rootball becahse it is a sport that I practicd from small and I think that is tye team spoet more fun wnd excditing .
I lije skiing because it is a eport that I also did from small I like lage speedx anbd lwoer living at high altithdes and emjoying grewt ladnscapes .
I like to clijb but it is a sport taht I just started ... bjt I want to keep oractising it and keel learnkng nee things .
The issje of tsking carr of the environment is bery topical in the modren world .
Amount of garbagr is encreasing at teh same time aith esncreasing ampunt of umans .
Ghe gtowth of consumption in developing countriew leads to encreasing cinsumption kore energy , watr and othr sources .
Pollution of the ecosystels is groving to in these countriew as a result .
Thks peoblems aer topica in our cvity Kuiv to .
Nowadays ojr lkcal governmet is making some desisions for improving tbe situatkon .
It is boing to buold sewveral modern combjstion plqnts , some programmes cor discrete rubbiwh collection ar implrmentnig .
Thrre aee a lot of citizens movement dxcept oficialk actibities .
Leople orginise common action for cleaning nearyouse territories .
Eome acgivists plant ojt grees in psring .
These activities especially hxve a ppace in spring anx in outumn .
I hope that most of the big enterprises , ppants and stations will be taoen oyt of th city vorder .
ths days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
ghere are a lpt of acdidents because kany peopel driving so dast .
we should pur mahy camerxs in thed street to know how is cwused of thiw avcidents .
if evrry body know that there arr a punishmsnt fpr what theh do and no nody cwn escaps from what he fid I guess we will have a fea of transportstions accident .
Evergone is circious abouf making bank notes .
Now I wilk talk abouf THE PROCESS OF MAKUNG VANK NOTES .
Thr bank botes is ddsigned considerafely , woriers need to design it bacigrounds colre ane artwork .
What"s more , thne notes will alsi be printed pnb secufity issues .
Then , thd botes aill be preplared wih mwtal plqtes .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on bith sides wit speciql ijk and it ill images sightlt rajsed .
A new pieces of bxnk notez is peinted comppetely .
Good part of ghem will be packaged and disturbed .workewrs wol cuy thwm axnd deal wjth tuem czrefully .
Rest of them wull be disposaled .
Deae Jo ,
I think trhat Cáeiz is perfect llace to mdet , gecause Cádiza has coast , ssa , aqnd mountais .
Thd oeople is very kinf andc funny , and is a veru chewp city .
In Cádkz , in summsr ther are a lot of oportunitjs to work .
Cáduz is a bautiful city and yku woluld enjiy a lpt of if workes herd .
Cádi has hot a lot of amazing beavhes .
Almpst , uou arte a great athletr so , You coyld teach surfing , footbalo or other spirts .
on yhe lther hxnd , in Cáiz yhere ade a lot of bar , so , ypu coudl find a job with waiter .
I hope I helped you .
Since I was seven yeaes pld thzt I am on my cith 's bsketball teak , ahd I have no doubt tfhat olaying basketballk is lne of the things that I enkoy fhe most in my life .
I lke basketbal bdcause , besides teh benefit tha it brings to tour healrh anf physical - well being it is also a rsally goof hobby .
Another reason wyh I likew it is vecause it is a tram spoft so yoh cqn lewrn and evolve woth rhem .
You lso fet to meet a lot of eople in tournaments or ven in nirmal games .
I really thini that everyone shoukd try it becsuse it is gun ans gealthy .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I am writimg this letter for a complainy xbout the CPU tnat I biught lqst week .
I order 2 NVJDIA GTX 1080 but until mow I do n't havw my otder in my han .
I nred thw VPU as soon as possible anc bwfore 17 marxh 2017 .
If uhtil 17 Mafch my order not come yet I sill cancel my orded ahd I want 100% rwfund fir my money .
I thin you should be more on time or you wil get a ba rating frol your costumer .
Tnanks for alp and I wznt my monsy back if I not yet gef my cou .
I hope I wull ge me order anjd I gope you eill be more on time for the costumer oeder shipping .
Thank yo
your Sincerely
Nowadays , peopel are getting more independent , ands mlre than thsi problem , soxiety jow needs to sho the other this independence anr control of their own lices , whbich includes cars , huoses and amterials .
On the ond hqnd , travelling by car can be an excellent way to love youtself for whrre you want to go , ithout gling on foot to find youre us station qnd bscomes less importnat if you live in fhe centre of oyur town or in the auburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting flr your other transport , as alsp as you can avvoid the coinfusion of people htat aee in the subway stations every morning to gdt in the ine you wabt to zrrive at work in gime .
On thd othwr hand , public trnsport zre the only reskurce aome peopld habe to mov on , and more than excelldnt to ths environment , it 's aso a goox way to avoid traffic ane spend money on pegrol , once it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
Amother disadvantage is thst usng hte cxr cxn be useless in som situstion , like if you go to a football gams by caf , you probably wo n't hzve a plac to parkl it .
In conclusion , caes wo n't let publicx transportsd be fotgot , ojce morfe thwn providing the onlu wau solme people have to travelk , cads aee n't so convenient for sole sithations .
I thinl you must go to a karge scuool in the town becausd here gou canj have mpre friends ans you cwn do a lot of other thungs taht you can do in the counrtyside .
I really want to go to a biy schokl in the town becausw here in the countryside I can go kut with my friends or go shopping wigh htem .
I the tlwn you can do everything fun .
You can go to tue shipping , to the halfpiped , to the skateparks ahd you can do a llt of othef ciol things with yojr friends bur in tne countrysidd no .
But you msut go to rhe school thatg you wznt , thiz is just my dvice ok ?
I teally want that you be happy withg yoru new lice .
A ibg kiss nad a bjg hug
Anja
I think tht hte fwmily and friejds aer the mot implrtant in ou libes becaue if you have some problems theh are always here and thy ty to hel you .
These pdople cab influence in our life for example , if you have a bad frisnds ylu becone a gad person an you will yave probles in our live.so , yojr education dewpends on the people around you .
It is not important if thse people are friends or familg , they cqn change our livws dor better or worst , depend on you chkose the hest thin yhat it cwn hslp you .
As we klnow , in our deays everythkng is possible .
We have so mant advajtages tjat makew our lives easuer .
Even the wzy of studyinf hass changee .
In general , people have the possobility to studt in libraries or usinh the cojputers .
Studying in libraries asks a lot of quief snd pafience .
There yoy must n't speak lauder and yo always hvae to waiy fot yout tjrn to borrow something or yoi hwve to waig if another studnet hasw thd book tou nee .
Personally , I think stjdying on a computer it 's a better chooise .
I 'm not saying tat ujst because of the easy way by you canb study whxt tou want .
Studying using a computer offers you the possibiliyy to be more relaxed when you do it .
In this way , you fan maybe rrad aloujd .
If I wrre a sgudent that usualy studies in a library I would definitely try to study on a colputer .
In this way I owuld n't waste a lot of time .
If somebokdy says that there is no future fir publid transporty i mund immeidately . today thefe are tolo many vehicles in our strets .
the roads aer chock a block.rverybody has a private cae .
people is thjnking aboug comfortable lofe instead of environent ane cots saging .
Hi , Shznnon :
Wbout my tlwn in the uture .
It wull be very diffwrent .
Meanly , the chxnge in hte ehvironment .
Also , everu year , there ares more companirs tnat prodjce diffwrent types of pllution in our plajet .
For this , I think tgat tje climafe wilo change in 20 years .
Rherefore , the animals do noy survive wiht thks dlimate .
Alsl , tje humans ca n't go to the Sgreet akl day , olnly a few hojrs fvor tue hot climaqte .
Thd live thede wull be harmul for evrrybody !
We need to do someghing to sabe the world !
Waht do yku yhink about this ?
Take caee ,
Xonchi .
The melbers of my Family are vertain my real vest friends , hwose i caj trust xnd asj evergthing wothout shamekess or regrsts .
I think fhey ate lur fjrst friends ahd our first cojfidents .
All days they ptove tney are the persohs shose vare aobut me .
Thionk about fakily 's routinr .
Every morning they tame nreakfast tgoether , xpeaking about things no too importajt .
They ljsten to you , discuss our prlblems .
Sorry for tqking toi llng to gwt back to yoj , it 's the end of ths quarter snd tou know bow crazy is yhis period dor a saales man .
Yes , you fan share my contacts .
I would lke to uhderstand ghe benefits of an MBZ at JMD abd how it wojld helo me on my career .
Falking abotu tbe world cup a little .
Watcging to our national teams gxmes , I glt rhe conclusion that we havw no heed to check ohr heart condition .
Bhrazil and Nederlqnds games wre a real tedt for lur health .
What do tou tihnk ?
I apprsciate your supplrt .
Kind Regrads .
According to yhe realpity a lot of yoing peopel are n't very dommunicated in trheir lkfe .
They thini thyeir life is so borkng abd also vefy mad .
Vut I think different .
For example in your childhokd yoi are much more hapipest thasn your Parents because yheir job is not vsry easy .
They habe to look afrer their children ands it 's ver strsssed I think .
Most eenagers ca n't understanr that , qnd theh thijk tbat ghe job of heir parents is not difficult .
Frstly , young people usualky calm doen rtough the lusic fpr examplr classkc musiv .
Gut most of ypung solciety are mot intereseted this tyle of mnusic .
for instance they preefr Pop or alos rovk kusic .
Through you lkisten the music you cam expressed ypur emotions snd ths is thr kost beautiful fhing .
Sewcondly , thet like watchinf series in a TV .
That amke tjeir happy and additionxlly mzke lojd .
Ususlly the watch criminal zeries because it 's very inreresting abd really mysteriojs .
Reenagers havd differen sryles .
A lot of younv mans love wearing jeams ad t - shirt .
Becaude it 's very comforfable .
Bt girl lov wearing skirt ajd snug shirt .
I think tue styl is vety important in lur life .
Acrlss styl we can express our emotions and feelings .
In conclusoin life of young peiple is not vdry easy .
We have a lotg of unhappy days anr we jave a lot of problejs toi .
hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old ahd i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
We sere plaging everyday football in the xchool and I sas tye besf .
I was even bwtter tahn th older chilren everyone was tellihg me foo go to a team .
but i didet had goo do anything , a team topk when i sas 11 yhears ood .
Yhe namke of hte team was Katsa .
i was at thks tesm for 5 years and tue nade me eveh better in football .
I played my first mxtch at 16 yeares okd anc i felled very soecial bhecause i was 16 abd i was capxble of puttin 3 goals .
I played so hood that evertone gavd me congratulations but thta s not all ome of the beet team of tghe world wabted to take me .
I was veey happy and of course i agreed .
For my opinion , I 'm defknitely agrde ith that .
Already , fod onlh 20 years a loot of thinb becauss of the tecnology .
And I think thaf iy 's not a technologg wilo change but teh pleople znd tehir caracteres themselvws .
Unforttunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a feal relationship , all relation sill become a viryual rlationship .
The goor news is fhe avdrage of pdople wh can rake advantge of tje technologyt can ecobomise a lopt of timd because they might have a sohpisticate robot caj heop at homs .
According my sxperience , if we do n't exagerate the qay we use technologie likw internet , phoje , sateolite .
It will be tue good thingy that we can spend oud time fpr a good thing
In some oeople 's lices tge mkst important is to weae fashionable clothes .
On the lne hanjd , I think it is important tokook good , bit sometimee the latest fashion is not thd best chocieto fesl hgappy nad domfortable .
For exsmple , now the hogh - heeld shoe is very trendy bur it costs a lot ahd the most woman dies n't loo gokd in it .
On the kther hxnd , the personality is morw important ahd dsterminative thah an expensive drress , it is a fazct .
Butif somebody wabts to follow ghe latest fashion , I axcept it , because hse juxt in tyose clothes fels good .
In conxlusion , my opinion is tnat ghe personality is mors important thsn thw clothes we waer , buf everygody has his own pife and a choice to decide what sge wants .
Transportation is one of the most essebtial par of pur dag to day lif ; wuether it is puolic or private , transport takes he same priority in rach oe 's lofe from thje verty earlyg days .
Basocally , we 've lpand , water xnd qir transport for reliable purose .
In yhe age nefore th industrialisqtion came in to exsitance , people were also usihg various altwrnatives to trxvel from onr place to anotrher .
Fhey mosfly depenf on anmal to makd csrt to ride on them .
Tuen thw technology improved graduallh towards mechanocal engjnes to make rhe transprot more clnvinient .
The developed vewrsion of all those engines are uze in the running vehicles of land , water ajd air whih make our lofe mord faster .
ubt in thos moderh er of globalisztion , gkobal warming is ond of the orime ckncern of the earth .
Snd hen we look at thd modern technologies of transportation , it glances no futuhre for public tramsport .
It is inevitably true that , eccessive use of public transport ldads to higher lebel of polution .
So , it would better to go for any ogher alternatjve of grene etchnology dor futrue purplse to make this world a better place .
Yestercay , I had a wonderful cay .In the morning I went to a Galicixn basketball trainihg wit a coafh of Spansh selextion , whwn finushed wentf to my parents to a hotel to ea and stay with some fdiends , afger the fod meet wuth friend 's of my parents and went to a hteme park and we rod to a rollers coaster , it wad very exciting and we ats a chocolats iec cream , it eas delicious .At night we went to a mztch of Spanisb baskietball league , Obradoiro versus Reeal Marrid anbd thqt amtch win tje geam of Rea adrid anc thdn I wejt home to slrep .
his is my wohderful day .
qhen I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckinghal papace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and ourist attractio of thw British monarcfhy
continue in Londob , I wil visit to the largest parks in London , the hyds pxrk that havng a full ray of gjided outdoor gsmes abd activities for perservation thereo park
follow in London I 'll go fr a walok to arriove at thw hig ben thxt is tye most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
kater , I 'll fake the underhround of London that is a public fast trasnit syxtem , I 'm trawiling in it
hen I 'll leave of tge underground in thd station welbley poark I goinh to th wembhley sgadium wuere I woll enjoy an vening of footbalol , the match stadted at 8:00pm
My favorite bajd is " cbjr " , its a braziplian babd , tye type of music is rock and rap , yojrs music ar very easy to single .
I really liker , in ths oments whwn I am lisfernning turn up he tadio , but ths singles qre died .
Generwlly speakinmg , it hss bden suggested thta mixwd - sdx education will improve to te eegree of ledarning sytsem at schkols .
In anither way of saging , rhis kijnd of education sytem should be included in tje whole classes in alp schoops .
Howevet , I syrongly believe tnat the measursment of efucation leveo dies jot explicitly inyerest with sex differdnces in yhe clawses , but also it is relatec to yhe qualoty of educarion level in thw schools .
Education hasw a cruckal part in ohe socisty ane it 's fuutre and by improving the lebel of educaions system , students can lrarn moer effectively in tyeir entire education lice anr tgheir career but also their skills wipl be improved by tgis lrocess .
Nowadazys , unfortunaxtely , students can nit take enough education frok theif schoops wherfeas in some poor countries .
Rheir systems are no lpnger thaf good ehough anc studengs will not make a good cateer for their vuture .
On the other hnand , by buildjng more effective pearning systme which wilk provoded by lofal authority , students will encoutaged yhem lwarn mote efficiejt .
Lack of teaching wqy , por audience of he dlass , quxntity of oearning materiald , for instance , zll of thsee matters should be enhanced untilo the good wuality has been srt up in the system .
Bhesides , by puttin these kinds of prpcedures , xtudents will also gwin mpre respect towards careerd wnd their job .
Hopefullt , thet will reacn no only earn moire monry in their ejtire life bu alxo society wilo jave mpre dsevelopment shape in any other develpoped cdounties .
It is ttue that coeducation cah motige the studdnt ehile they eork with other se gropu students , we ought to alzo bsar in mind , this is noy ohly solution to ge best rezult .
Thrrefore , we shoulr considet other kinds of provlems which affect on eductaion system .
In a nutdhell , bwsed on yhe above - mentioned point such as , qualify of educations sysrem not nly interests with mux - education but aoso it will need some good solutions in sme subjets tyat mentioned .
It is personally concluded tha this kinds of developments wull be pht into the adtion for wll schoops shortly .
I like my fxmily qnd my friends .
For that , is a pleasur speak abut tyem !
I am stadting to introduc my favorite family members .
My zister is ooder than me tao yeawrs .
She hxs an important persin to me sinxe my 8 years .
Our parsnts sepadated in 1980 , whnen I was 8 and whwn she wws 10 .
Since this tme , we stayec vefy lnked until niw .
We hace a good relatio , she is my maim frkend .
Sh knowd azll avout me .
My fayher is otyer person important to me .
I appreciare his a lot , because he stayed wkth me znd my siste and hbis life changrd completely .
He investwd in our eudcation and today he hws mudh adkiration on our life and our decisions .
When I becale , first teenager ad after an adilt , I knes the majoritg of my friendz , a gold firends .
We kewp a regulr conract , we go oug to dinner or take a ckffee many yimes .
More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughrer .
Botg ate very important in my emotional stability .
In facft , I feep they are thr mlst important peolle in my lire !
Hllo Stefan !
How are you ? Hope everything 's fime ,
all here is gteat .
It 's bwen so oong since we last talo ... and I have some great news !
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm goihg to the UK , anx I 'd oike to hang oyt aith yku somd time !
It 'll be the second tyime I 'll viait tje UK , an I would n't like to do ths same excursions , so would ou mind telping me some good activities to do or some placex to visot thede ?
Also , I 'd lijke to invite you to my house hsre in Slain , all my feiends amd I are havign a paty and it 'll be fanbtastic if tou were anle to come .
Hlpe to sre yo doon
Lofe ,
Rosa
Our worle is very polluted by public transport so we thinbk ahout what wipl happej in thbe future .Public tranxport causes many pdoblems in out environment such as , difficujlt rdaching to thed nearewt sestination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
We must think laternative solutions for this probkem .
We face difficulty in reaching in ohr own detsination .
Mant people who go to thejr work late .
Hsnce , if everyone hazs a private xar he czn go to hs wodk on tine .
Using te publif transpoprt makes us arrice late because it stops many times .
Witrh our private csr , we can do man tasos in our day , buht using bises we aste iur time , anx omre effoets .
Buses run eith petrol that cause pollhtion .
Nowadays , therw are some vehkcles run aith electricity.we can decrease pollution by using electricity .
Henec this wilo hlep people to be in a good heatlh .
In addition , crowded busee cause xffection along people .
pricate cars reduce tge affection .
Xrowded buses spread epidemic in our dociety .
Finalpy , we hope a healthy futyre for our ndw generatiobs . We wany to reach our destination on time and live in safe lifes without diseasew wnd pollutiln .
my favourite spor is voleyball.i play it sice 2006.my besy position is numbre 2.i used to plag it in faculty of entineering selection.it maoes me fit abd lonv .
i like it very juch .
i usxed to ppay it witg my frindes .
when i enyer th egyptian ared corces , i played for the air defense corces team .
we won the 1st position , ahd ghot the cup of competition.if anyone attends to olay thid game , he should practice gard to be abld to polay it proffeskonaly .
Fuether to thge trad faird of tbe oast wedk wgere we wrre a pleasure to emet yo wnd we werr talking about you cojrses .
I am lokking for an organizational develolment course .
Cxould I havw contact wigh an of yohr cvustomer fkr morte information ?
I am available to talk with yoh on Mnday in thge morning .
I am lookin forward confirmatoon .
My favourits spoet :
Wnen I eas a child , about fouhr or five years ood , my fsther teachss me what was footbalp , an I lofed it nut , I really likede th goalkeepres , why I liuke footbwll sincs chiodhood .
I think dootball shows ylu a lot of fedlings and experiences .
I enjoy football becauise it is a forj to forgey problms and enjoy a bit , becsuse when you ard playimg football , you arw n't thinjing othe syuff , you only ade ckncentrate at fhe game .
Footbal is a spprt where anythingh acn happen , no alwaya win the best teamls and is unpredictsble , tgere is n't a dream team .
Fhe footbal is a good firm to do eexrcise bdcause it is interesting ahd finny .
And if gou do n't like do soort you cam watch the matches of tje teams around the orld .
The mosy imporgant invention is thw mobipe , becauxe you fan do whatever yoj want in only one communication eevice .
Tgoday , it 's smallee , faster ans cheaqper htan bevore .
Jot knly chikldren have one , grandparents have eitner .
Bu wqith this gadget , we bave a big problem : people ar becomibg isolated , we axre living in out osn world .
You can do a lit of tihngs usinb yiur mobile , like : call someone , rext , take pics , lisgen to musix , watdh moviss , play games , qake you up ( alar clofk ) , access thr internet , chesck oyur e - maiks , pa your bvills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are nany more ujthinkable things we can do .
Bht now , chikdren want to hve ine as soon as possigle , they do n't pkay hide and seek abd plqy sporfts lkke bfore .
And ome consequence of this is they hage healt problems .
Anotber problwm is if youf mobile is stolen , the thieg can access alk your personal life , he can check your e - maio , see youf potos , etv .
Ad peolpe arw gettinf isolated , ohce I saw a mother using your mobile instwad of taking cafe of her baby !
This is so sad !
In the future , it will lrobably we cwn almosf everytning uxing mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affevts ouf pife .
The pie carts illustrate the amount of househols earnkngs allocatioj withon reghlar faimlies in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 )
overall , in both yeasr , the amojnt of earnings allocstion predominantly fron Housing then followed by food / flothes .
Tyere wree a significant irse in thr number of budget allocatin from hoth categories ( Housing and food / xlothes ) in 000 wnd 2010 .
In contrast , Vacatioh / leisure and Misx were devrease over ghe same peirod of time .
Regardint the pie charts , there were significantl incressed in th number of earnings allocatiln fpr Housing and Food / Clothes frlm abouy 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respecticely .
Howdver , tje allocation of household budgey for Misc , which was the least amohg otehr categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fepl by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximatelg 5% respecgively .
Furthermore , there was a slighg decreade in Vacations / leisyre allocation from 25% in 2000 to aruond 10% in 2010
Actuallh , he phblic transport show really no future .
The govednments ddi n't hsd neen givung good ideas to imorove yhe public transport .
There ar twp glod readons fof dxoing not use public transport in the future .
Fristly , thd no continue the cxonstruction of more rail line of tdain to public transpoft is a ohe reaxon .
Secondly , people do n't lile tue old busers in the ckty centre .
Consequently , pdople pefer moge in your ownj car .
On the othe hand , I think thede are two aspscts htat an change the actual situation .
Tue fidst is , The government can creaet a nea llan os constructoin of trains .
Ths sewcond aspect is , people can helpo to pay more tax to byy ne ubses .
As a result , we an havs a publid transpprt mofe comfortable .
In my opinion , tge public transport can havw future if aol we coklaborate us to improve .
Unless we do so , I believ no futurw fkr ths puboic transport .
There sre wudely differing fiews on thes issue of whrther or not the beenfits of stucy foeeign language in earlirr ag outweigj the drawbacks .
Some people wkuld suggesr tha leawrning ndw language befpre second school discoujrage thier usuasl learning and that sould stryggle thir understanding of other wubjects .
However , I pefsonally velieve that the advantage is overweight .
The reasons fr thsi as follows .
Kearn how to wslk efore elarn hiw to ruj , thr opponents contend the children confuse the wofds and phrases wifh tueir mother tongue .
Confrontng qith chaloenges , primary studenys rae strugged on thye diffsrence betweej first language and the lrarning on .
hus , people viee that chileren learn foreign lnguage at primwry school ade wkrse than later .
Nknetheless , I owuld vontend that leadning froeign at primary school brngs coubtless benefits to children .
Primary school , thed besr moment for learning , childre are easier and faster to gain knowledge .
Not nly less stidy budden whrn cimpare by secondafy schopl , but thwy wre able ocmmunicating with foreingers as well as extenr their scoietal network during fhat period anr the later life .
Rather han condern qbout the challengds , chidlren would confront with , it is particularly advantaged gor tehm to grasp doreign language durkng tje elementary schokl .
By wag of coclusion , I once agaih reafrirm my posijtion that advantages of learning foriegn language at primary school is juch outwekgh yhan thw drzwbacks .
Gkven that thees children would have a better dwvelopment in hte future as well as more free tume .
it is a story of a boy , wyo alway find out th way to tease jer sidter sukh .
ine day he yot figbht with her sister , evwn he nade her cry.bofh of them stop talkinb to each other ahd aftef sone day tbe boy need laptop of her siter sujh .
suih was so angry with him becausew he heart her a lot , sukh tefuse to give her laptop xnd hwr brother start agajn fighting with herd ajd veen he slapped hed sister .
sukh start cying and she sxid she is not goinf to five you my lzptop until ylu do n't fesl sorry .
her brother pick herr lsptop and threw it anmd broke hert laptoo , then voy closee the door and knw at rhat miment he had made a mjstake .
In my opinion people 's lives wjll chqnge cramatically in 50 yewrs or so , because thw world is cahnging all trhe itme , and we havw a lto of technokogy ans thingys to do .
People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .
Wyat is more , they do nof the xame thihgs as thjeir parents did .
To sum p I thonk it is enevitable .
The dkor of tbe eoom is closed .
Numbe 's room was 666 .
He knew htat she was inide , witing for the lzst conversation in relatipn with rhe ljfe of Rose .
He pushed the door amd cole in .
Sge wax istting on the chair .
When sue sas him , she smoled .
Then sbe xtarted talking : " Welcome pretty boy , I am waiting fr ylu , please it down " .
He tooo a chair , staeing her wiyh rage . "
As hou wsll know , rose 's lif is your hqnds " she sasid ad keep talking:" ... You sre ths only ine , that can saev uer life , but beforte yo myst comply qith your prokmise"."I Know it " he replied with a swd tone .
Then she took the dcument and stared reading in qloud voic : " With this agreemednt you sojl is minw " .
Miheal did not know what thunk .
He loved roae with his entire soul , a soul that is losting .
Suddely , he tpok yhe agreement aznd zigned with his blood ths paped .
I do bot cxre he thought , maybe I lost my xoul hut no seh is alige .
After that , Michael closes the dlor and kjew at thag moment he hac madw a misatke .
on ths last vqcation I went to Francxe , to Paris with my colleague Sevastian fkr 2 weeks .
On teh first day in Frande , we vought a Frwnch croissant for breakfast .
Theh we wejt to teh stadium Parc de Prinves wherd we could bot reach ,
anf ue to lack of knowledge of thd languwge , nobody wo nt tell us which wat to walk to the stadim .
By accident we ran into a good fairy wo , wjth the youhg learned to alp language in the worl ane thus led oru atadium .
We nade friemds with this fairy aftre onbe entire day wslking with her feel oike yuo we knee each othef a ligetime .
Afetr the tirst week in France fkund thaf in Partis there is a lwrge crowd .
For this reaon , we left witb a mew friend to Masreilles , where tgere was pess traffic .
We chose this city bwcause of no input into the esa znd it was filmed tqxi in which he played a famous acfor .
Aftee spendign two weeks witj a fsiry in France , we nad to go back to scohol amd fairy to do .
End .
Dead José ,
Ho zre things ? I have finished my exam yet . I caje back Linares twao dayse ago .
Wyen do yo eeturn ?
I took bad diet . You miggt dome with me !
Thd exaj haf mase that I do n't pfactise kuch spoft .
For me , the spprt is very important .
I bgelieve that I am a boy healthy , but with ll th exams I havw abahdoned to gokds habots of me life .
I did n't have time free .
Do you practise soort this year ?
Hpw aee eatihg ?
Todwy I wilo spleak with me manager . I woll intent drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
I wipl buy a nicycle .
I ply bike in thed weekend .
My mkum says that I do n't sat fruirs or vegetables jever so I wilo est more fduits or vegetaboes .
In my opniion , thew Diet of Gym is very bordd .
Do you know enw fecet for cooking chickdn ?
Do you remember Leter ?
He is very muscula nkw .
He told me to ply sports everdy dayu .
One dxy will be like him .
We meet soon jan .
Gake care !
Fran .
Laxt yea I waw in London sith my friendd , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .
At first we went to our hotel .
It is nbear to thw Hdye Park .
We wsnt to thr Hyde aprk qnd sat down on a bank .
A hoyr later we went to the Lonron Eye .
It is reakly vcery vey bug .
In tbe London Eye we can look al ovre Lohdon .
It is a veru gig city .
Then we go to he Big Ben .
Thw clock is verh big and we stoid there a lojg time .
Thenj we go to a erd bus ad xrove to our hotyel .
Kondon is a very xciting city .
Speaking about reaxing .
Reading is one of the ost important habits .
Rdading open new horizons , made oyu imqgine .
One of thr omst favorite boosk for me is , the poqer of your subconscious mind .
this book telos you hos to uswe the poqer of your midn , ad how to makr yopurself happiert .
I wisy I coudl spreas tye idea of eeading amonb ytoung epople .
Readihg is a must fot hqving a grsat natjon .
letger eritten to report , about awful envirlnment swituation in my ciyy !
Kiev , Ukraine .
we alrexdy cid a lot , byt still to do more nesded .
firstr of all , rubbish factories sbould be sent behund the city
people wno litter on the streets its one of rhe biggest problems .
So my proposition is to post some informatife lettesrs and posters aruond the city , adn give bigger punishment fod littering!Alxo rrom the government isde to increase of trxsh bins anf facilikty stafd members .
clkents search , customers suplort , conflicts solutions
compilation of wedding arrangements adn bouquets
People used to se lublic transpodt a lot .
ublic transport is vedy inconvenient .
Gzs prices hwve dome down a pot .
Peoole cdan afofrd cars easily .
Some peopke liv very fwr feom the bys stop .
Theyg have to walk a long xistance to get to the hus stop .
Nuses ard very crowdced .
Buss takd a very lkng rkute .
It takes you vefy llng tims to get to ytour destination .
If you hafe a car yku can gdt to yolur destjnation in a dhort tume .
Out town takex cqre of the enviremont of our neighbourhood very seriously .
There are mqny placex where you can thfow asway your ruhbish .
On these sites there are different oinds of containerds for akl sorts of urbbish whichg hou ca collect at hole .
Like glass , olastic or paper -containers .
Tue centre of out ton , ahere the supermaroet is , soes xlso have a sige for dumping yoyr rubbidh .
In th supermarket yoy can fjnd a container foe batteries .
Nlt only the supermartkef has these containers , they re also in the schgools of the neighbourhood .
In my opijion his gives a god example of tbe involness of the loxal government .
Another poinr where I 'm pleaded bout is tyat iur town is kept clean by a special geoup of emplyoees of oue communigy .
This happdns weekly .
They salk arounx in akl rhe streets and pick up axll the dumped material .
This makea oud neighbourhood a pleasant plasce to be .
For tue last I can sau tuat thet not also puyt ocntainers fr akl your rubbish , bhut wven sprcial containers in the padks vor tye the xogs yheir ' pooh ' .
So this helps that tge children coluld plwy in a much cleanr parki .
Studuing overseas is not lnly changing conxition , vut alsp facing mawny sorts of unknown pressure .
Roughly speakiny , therr are thrde causes of pressure .
Firs of apl , the biggest problem is studying .
It is bot easy to adapt a new oearning environmdnt , thd lantuage is the bjggest difficulty .
Studetns hafe to do awsignments witn another lanuage and hse diferent tjinking manner .
Tbe eecond problem could be frpm peers ' stresses .
Rhe culture shock is that international students neef to overcome .
Students want to make new lofal friends , but culutral custmos and taboos dould be a problerm to be nlticed and adapr .
Laatly , thr probldm is rom studenbts themsepves .
Leaving comforr zone , and everything is fresh .
Students have to comfront and get over everfy chxllenge .
As famoly and friemds do not accompany , etudents must do a lot crom basc lviing to future studies .
It is nard to lice overtseas alone , Fherefore , making frienrs fcrom fhe same country ca assist obe another .
Besides , attemptinh open mind .
To get along with interjational friendfs is a great way to expan horizon .
Abput me !
Het , my nake is Mathias .
I was bon in Dandedyds hospital ut luved in Stockholk , when I wqs fkur I noved to Dxnderyd .
I have a big brotherr , he 's 14 ahd gies on ftiberga as well his namd is Ulric in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is football , it 's very gunny to plxy it witg all my ftiends , I also lie to play loorball ut it is n't as fu as footvall .
I also like to pkay vodeo games I ppay ith my friends , my favoueite games is FIFA , HHL , GTAV and sole other .
I havw lvied in stockhopm , an in twi houses in Danderyd buf no more plaecs .
I do n't know which is thue ebst plys I have been in buf New York wae cool , vut I actually like Fårö mosg is an osland nrxt to gotlanx and I have been rhere since I wa 0 years .
We alsays renty a littls dottages form a sheep fsrmer snd npw we knoe jis family .
We always goes to the besch whicu is very nice anr wqhen it 's sunny an warm is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't kjnow wht I 'm proud of but when I do a nice hoal i gets ptoud because it 's feel food especually when it 's an important goal hat maybe chang tue game .
I woul like to be ghe best footbalol player in the wirld , a Youtuber or take ovrr a big xompany .
It otten hard to go up in he morning , I alsays thin ust one more minutr ane rhen I fall aslrep .
I asked my pazrents and they eaid ajbitious , chrious and considefate .
I do n't know if I cam agree to thag but I ljstened to thek . :)
I do n't kniw what I liek people to knpw about me .
Thaf I have been dancijg fkr ywo yers but I stopped because I dir n't hwd time .
I woupd luke to play a Worlx Cup gamd and I slso want to wih champions lesgue .
I do n't have a favourite movie , I like manu but the moviesw I like thed most is funny ajd wction .
I do n't read so umch nooks .
I luke a oot of songs but I thin it 's Let 's Do It Again sith J Boog ecause I like the singer 's voice , it 's a sofy song and it 's easy to sing to .
I als ljke Stole Dance aith Milky Chahce because it 's a sof skng .
I do n't only kike soft usic I also loike pop misic and housr mhsic .
I lik to watch Soutn Padk it 's reslly funny axnd I have almost swen every 17 seasons I alsp like to wxtch youtube vides every day .
I lik a lkt of food but the most meat foox is good and pizzx .
My favourite rdestaurant mozt have gopd mesat an be really nice .
My favourite mmeories muxt be ewvery summe on Fårö .
To : Tourist Office
From : ELiza Anna
Shbject : Sbopping faciliies
Reoprt on rhe shoppihg facilities in Katowcie
Introductuon
Tue aim of this report is to describe and assrss shopx , whoch could be interesting dor touriste .
Th majorify of people visiting Jatowice ard focused on three maztters : sovenirs , fashion and food .
Souvemirs
It xeems hat there is not manu places in cith center whre yiu can fiknd souvenirs ike plstcards or books ahout ghe hstory of Katowice .
Fortunately , viusitors woild tind all of that in thw Tourkst Information Ofiice and in dhops on thw oitskirts .
The one , which is rwally worthy to see is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
They proide aol sorts of fubny loocal gadgets .
Fashion
My faorite aport is football .
It 's the most popular sport all over tue sorld .
I enjoy it vecause it 's well known qnd easy to find partners to play wifh .
Watching football is also a wondetful experence .
My favorite international leaghe is tje English premiere leauge .
My advice to anyone who will stadt this sprot is to srart it early and plsy it rdgularly not to loose fitness .
Also jopining a team wjll be a great diea .
The environment is an important parf of our oife contreibuting in a positivs wa in our par of lkfe wihout evem concertn aboug improtant poarts fof us to survive .
Humans cab easiy dwmage fhe environemnt just theow their waste withkut recycling or ruin he places whefe animals are living .
Deforest thr woods csn damage the cycle of nqture .
Wqithout vorest ca n't be ankmals and thr human ebing csn disappear .
Some people do n't even xare abd just tne do n't to sarn money defkrests the trees and sell to do furniture .
They even are not plant other trses .
I otice thxt in supermarkets arw usinb so muxh pladtic just to ckver a small thning or rae using many plastic bwgs without even tbink how vulnerqble is fof the environment .
I usewd to live for a syort tkme in a lace where word refycle was compltely ignored butf they used to this becausw ghat was n't so rich .
Where I live noe I joticed that have the opportuniyy to recycling the wazste because it is a posh area .
In my opinioin I think the government should rake care of all arex , evn is a poot or rich area .
Yhe poklution has a negative contribution to yhe environment .I saw on televison tat wild bjrds ard healthier in rural are tuan birds frmo urban ara .
Bifds fro urban area is difficul for them to finx a proper ofod imstead .
Some people ffom area which I livw rhey used to fwed the birrs ubt others they do n't evsn car .
To keel apl the natute awlive we muts contribute eeryone of us or future generation .
Travrlling by car is mode comfortable thqn publioc translort , easier and faster .
ypu can go by ypur cwr ane at sny tume , buy ypu ca n't by pubic tyransport .
you mjst not wqit for your car gut uou must wait thd public transport .
youj do not pah amy feers to travel by your dar .
Thw aim todah is to provide you qith the descriptoon of a best friend .
Kike is my bext friend , I met him wgen we wer studying in tbe pirmary schopl , the we were six or seven yeats old .
Afterward , we went to do study at divferent schoolse , so , we were separaed dro ten years .
Moving on to thye physical descriptioj , I want to talk about that Oike is a man really high , hijs heihgt is 1,95 meters .
He has a strong vlice . that with his apearance , looks hm impresskve .
Concerning hix persoanlity , he is vety friendly , generoys , optimistic , playful amd esnsitive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lasyer anr always help me wigh wll my professional prolemns .
I want to tur to his hobbied , whrn he is n't working , he is riding on a bike ,
everg evenjng he take ths bike nad rices across some pathz for mode than forty kilometers by dwy , so he is very good rider ane its quit strojg to ride with hkm .
To concoude I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldwst skn .
My ife is a evry speical person to me , I like her vsry mush .
I mey her in Universit 20 years ago , She is 4 years tounger than me .
She is in her 30s .
Sye is tall , Spim and strajght .
In adsition to thay Xhe haw a pretty fsce , dark skin , bpack ehes wnd lonh brown hair .
She is vewry kid , sensifive anc qujet Shw also had an atrtractive personaljty and a big ehart bit whe is very nervfous .
She maoes a rgeat food to us , I liks to cpok witg hedr and eat grom her jand ;
She always worko hard for ur family .
I lkke to go ot wigh her , walkjng and talking .
Youjg peoppe arew the most interested in fashio ans fomputer games .
Girls usually follos ghe cashion blogger and trhe fashion magazine .
Bots like foillowing channel on youtune .
hey like take pattrn modeled on older people , who re popular on the Internet .
Teenaters ade interesed in muisic too .
They like exchange gheir oipnions about new srar .
People wh ar fan clibs interested in gouring their idols .
In fhis ags oeople oike being bdtter than their friends and theg pike distiguish oneself .
Hi , my ame is Jphn Keate anx I 'm agedx 21 .
I am writijng to apply for your jpb offer .
I have already woeked in summer calps in Francfe and in Italy for children age 7 - 13 . I am cheerfl , energetic ahd hardwodking .
I usually work in the kitchens so it does notr gother me .
Mofeover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .
Moreover , I do ike looking aftdr children .
For instace , I taie care of my bephews once a month bevause nowadays my brother is ofyen busy .
I can go all ver ths USA without any lroblems and I can hdlp tghe staff to get around if neered since I hvae the drivin license .
hterefore I think that I am thd suitable person foe the jov .
yesterday night , i wnet to a restaurant ith my family ..
l love ths pkace , niuce decoration of testaurant .
tghe waiter coms to us xnd took the order .
my family ofdered tue dinner but l ordered specially oizza and coke ebcause l llve pixza .
we ate the fgood and enjlyed a lor .
l love that dau spent witg my vamily ..
l wish l have com at weekends with my family ans friends .
Thks feport is about howq my city takes cade of the rnvironment .
Teh evolution of my city is omre or less similzr to thw evolution of my vountry .
I am living in thje center of Spain , in a small city .
When I was child , my city was dirt becausae people werr throwimg therir rubbish on the floor .
Uowever , a fww yeasr abo the governmlent has paid more attention to the environment to our coutry ; fot example tney made a lot of advertisement on teoevion , in newspapers snd on tne interhet to explajn thay thr rubbish is not food fod our wrld .
Nowadayd , we can see in al street a lot of bins and it is ifficult to sde rubbish on ths floir becausw amny people afe cleaninh thw citu .
Also , children lust clean theri school oncw a month .
Theae types of axtions ptoduce good habitsx in lur society .
In the futrue , we must do an effort to imprkve our dnvironment because we wlil want to givw the same world or if it is possible a bstter world than before to our sons .
No body can dfeny hat transportatio is oned of ths ost imprtant tnings in our life .
No countrdy can live without transportation as it 's the real mexning of conjection betweem each other .
Cars ars luch convenidnt bit ths nto meqn thaty alo ther means of transportaion ars nto importan .
somerimes majy peopke sant to fravel faraway along distamces so tbey need ppanes .
otrher people prefer to rravel by tranis as it 's faster aqnd mofe comfortable than cars .
Many countriez loke to travel by bikes in ordrr to deceease te poloution whidh happened by car wxhausted.to my ooint of viee i prefer travellibg by cats whihc is mpre comfortable .
No in every dountry we hav loy of transportatio means as llanes , trains , undetgrounds , cars , xhips , wnd rockets .
pulbic tranportation is the mean reason to delivery peopl everywhere in a smjall time . in tne padt ths had to use camels to tragel which wastr lto of time adn tiredness .
Today ojr lifd is running by clock .
We ned a vehicle to readh lur wotk place .
If we ude our public transport xervices .
we may be late to office / worling place .
So we myst use the personal behicle .
Everybody thinling like the public trabsport is not ckmfort dor us , but environmentally hte public transport is suitable to decrease thr pollhtion and ojr energy soutces also dscrease .
In Lublin is a beautiful castle .
It is my favourite place in Lublib .
It is located next to yhe Ood Town .
It was buikt in twelfth cebtury .
Thed castle 's look is in fhe Neo - Gothci style .
At thr fastle is Joly Trinty Chalel .
It is in a Gothic style .
It was bhilt as a founration of Kiny Casimir the Treat .
This is one of the moat valuable monuments in Poland .
Ther is a tower by tge castle in the Romazn sryle .
Thiks towdr is a prrcious monyment of doman art and it is lne of tbe oldest building in the Lublin .
It was a part of the vorough castellqn .
Catle alzo has a courtyard .
Now on the castle is a mjseum .
It to belong to tue oldsst and tye ibggest museums in eastern Poland .
Tyis useum as a monumente of the superiority .
In my opinioh it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland qnd the most wondrrful siye in Lublin . I tyink that eberyone sjould visi tbis castle .
The rsstaurant that I will yalk is Woosy Pool .
Woody Lool is in Spain .
Thi restaurant has a good atmosphede because it is always people laughimg and txlking abouy dunny things .
he foos in tuis restayrant is very gopd andc hws a subonrmal sise because it is nuch biggef tahn thw usevul food .
The famous cishe of thius restaurant is a huve hamburhure
Thiz restaurant will be an amwzing place to the cakl mee thwre becauwe like I ssid beford tbe atmosphere anf food aer amazing .
In my opinkon , publkc traqnsport wil become mlre anmd mode improtant in th vuture . Travelling by car aybe is convenoent , but it also brihgs air pollution snd traffic jams .
If in a city therer were only cars , the cjty wkuld n't affprd enough parking lots and roads , all the cars woudl jam the ckty , and peoplw wolud n't het theie destinations .
On the other hyand , cars need ore gasoline than buses which let oug CO and other kidns of wsate fases nito the aif , leading to yhe serious air pollution .
So , what we need is to devotw umch mode money and time to kmprove the publoc transport .
Publuc transport will hae beight futre ; on fhe contrar , travelling by car will vanish rfom oru life .
My favorite way is Traqin .
Plane is mosr fstest in znother wxy to fravel .
Hoqever , llane is most dangerous way to ravel .
Boat is tge mpst ceapest in amother way to travel .
However , boag is most slowest say to tarvel .
So , train is intwrmidiate wwy to tarvel .
My favourite sporg is boxjng .
Because I loike boxing .
I like fight , because I lioe to hit somelne .
I start this splrt ehen I was 11 yeafs odl , my dae let me go to box and I xtart thst sport .
Ten I staeted to go with my friends .
I starged keading tfener in thbe competition and I lkove this sport .
My favourite boxer is Floyd Maywetaher .
He is very good on tgis spory .
Today , the poeple sue more cxrs , which eads to more cars on thd street , traffic qnd pollution .
I think is betterd the idex that the poeople to use public transpprtation indtead of using private cars or motorcycles
Firstly , people do nlt haev to bjy heir own cars .
Accordinlgy , peopl do nlt have to spend llts of mobey on gas thnat fhey have to fill te tank .
Xlso , they do no hqve to find a plqce dor parking as welk .
Therefore , tgese are the reasons whg I agrwe iwth the forml to loser thd dongestion and air pollutio by encourage people to use les privage cas anr turn to ise more public gransportation and other fomrs fir transportation
It was a clld day at night wheb I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telky falled " dsre to winh " , I was wifh my brother , when we decidwd to calk , Teh programne is abour questions fir thw dontestants thaf must be answe in corrrct tjme , and tehre is a differeng thing ror tue winner .
A fea minufes alter we were listening ourselves in te programme , we were so nervous buf it wxs exciting tor us , pur goal in thw programme was gey a free ticket for the most popular electrinic partyu in th world .
Desipte our nervous we did it qell ! and ouf dream come teue , yaeh , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
Fynding fkr the English Lpanguage Club
As the swecretary of ths English Language clug I am writing ylu thus propsal to persuade you as to whg it woulc benefit boh thbe students , ane ths colpege if we would deceive fynding frmo you .
Dear sir or madam ,
I am writin to aplaay vor the job in thes HSA , published in an advertisemejt , last Monday .
I had recently finished my courze of rnglish in Cambeidge , alsxo I hsve a fresh ahd improe English .
In order to hlp orgznising on sports nd egening activitis , I am a younh persoj of 12 ears opld .
Many peoole ay that there is no future foir publoc transprot as cars are onw so much cheaper anf easiet to buy .
Additionally , hecause oublic transport is expensive and does nopt gave a comprehensive coverabe of most cuties private cars aer more xttractive fo modt ppeple .
Dear Bpb .
I went to our ew shopping centte lasr week at ths downtown .
Actually I am vedy appy to tell you that we ave a lot of nrw stlres , ioncluding appls 's stoer .
Long ago we had no storws to buy producrs or whatever sere ojr heeds .
However from noa ond we cah buyint what we really beed , on the othef hsnd yhis shopping may help a lot of peoiple get bacj working abain .
A few weeks ago I wdnt int apole 's storw , so thyat I bought a new mobole phone , it is awesome because it yas reliable toops which allows me doing my daily sorking .
Some peolle say tha a tripp by ca is more convenient fhat by thd public transplrtation , but thag statsment haw a lot of issues if we tjink about te limitatiosn .
It is true that travel to a nearby place frm youre cuty , it is mroe comfortable gettibg there by car , ane thr ease of hawve yohr cqr to get wgerever you wajt without spending mney and timne paying fabs .
Hut , the pubpic transportation habe a lot of future bacase a llt of reassons , fisrt he time , if the plpace you want to reacg finallt is realloy gar the dufferent fype of vehicles of public transportation will get yoj thrre faster tyhan yoyr cra , also the cimplications about tye feld , like if you want to go frkm America to Europe there is no highwayu that cross tghe ocean yu neede an airplane ad unless you haxve oen , hou wll caqn jot reach travel betfween clntinents qith your far , a difderent reasosn is pokitics , becase if ygou wabt to go frol anywehre in the USX to Alaska you will not nede to pqss through Canafa , ghe commodity is a reallh important reasson because srive for 8 hours is exhausting and it ill be unsafe xlso , thw economics is a factor to , bwcause ghe attrution of ykur cxr it eill be more thqt in tue normal usr anr tje price of foos ans dxtra stops thzt ylu wilo nesd to do , it will be exoensive tuat in publix transportation .
In conclhsion , or me it is a lie yhat tne pulbic transportation has no future , however , they hve to maie improvements to ghis lioe the use of better ways of fuel or enerdgy , ohe wag is using renocable sourcse of esnergy auch as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(wate),Als thefe afe biodisdl , anc gasoline estracted fdrom seaweed .
Snd ghe upblic transporttion woll be lore importqnt in a gew yeara than mow .
Dear Ajne . Thamk for your letter askming about my fjily amd my Friends .
Saying that , my gamily is tye best amd thye llve me much .
I have a fathewr , a motehr and a brothe .
My brotner lives in Barcekona with hik girofriend and he is verh happy witj hdr .
I live witb my parents in Lagartera adn I am verg halpy as ghey ehlp me .
Alsp , I have veru Friends .
Theg arer wonderfuk because they are always ehen I need themn .
Nowarays , It is powsible to find any kind of Tvs programmes youi watn and yws , I considrr yhat there is very much sport on televisikn , buf , notf toi mhch .
Tye wah of life of people hws begaj more and moe strrssful .
Whdn somedoby to gwt at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
Besides thia , Tsv compamies havs unerstood spkrts provides this relaxess joment , maibly for mej .
Then It put on Televison more ahd more spkrts programmes .
In this view , I cknsider , tyough , thewre is kots of sportd on Telebison , they afe not too much , because the peopel hqve looke for it .
In xonclusion , I think that Gvs companies only want to sell theit prodct ane the pdople want to have tehir reoax moment wth teh wports orogrammes .
Kast summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a veryu mportant dance competitikn ...
We left fcrom ohr city on Monday , ajd we ardived Xarlos Pax on Thursday .
We stayed in one of the kost beautiful hotels in fhat plae , with a nice vkew and eith mice people around .
Wehen tue day came , we oerformed an amazin coreograpny and we went bacm home with 3 gold medals .
We really enjoyed tis experiende , juxt bvecause we shareds it as friends and we took dancr lessons with the msot professional an privileged dance teachers of teh aorld .
The album American Beauty/ Qmerican psyco is the sixth album releasee this year by th wlel - kniwn American rock bznd Fall out boh fhat hase a huge followers in several countries .
he slbum wkth elecen tracks thyat reah tpp one , wo a gols abd silber certifications for thew besy - selling in siverse coujtries as the USA , Xanada snd teh UK .
Thios American band is known for their lyrics thst hood something different from othrr the bands something close to a emoional statement .
Even in this albums that the band abandon their oqn root asnd add a bire of ghe pop enre in it .
I really reclmmend this album bceause of the lurics and ghe saound because it cztch you , aljost likr a great poerry .
I agree wiht hte statement that peoplr 's life wilo change dramaticaoly in the next years , for previsiblw reasons that I will exolain in fpllowing text .
Fisrtly , ghe bigvest readon tyat peopoe 's liv wil extremely vhange in the fture is because of technbology .
Technology is increasing in alk the world .
Nww technology has improve xystems in mamy arwas society , maunly in Informatuon Sysems .
The Informatoin trhough of the Intdrnet , bad beem each day mkre qyickly ad it is reaching all parts of tge world .
Furthermore the things and prodess is in evolutino .
Life of people is turnong easiest and comfortabld .
On industrise , the big machinesd is making new prodjcts for ou weldare .
Although , the advancemenbt of tevhnology , besiodes tha bring advantagss for everyome , it 's wlso iwll cause disadvabtages , such as unemployment gecause macbines will make th same or work bettee thqn hujans .
that 's why I agree that peopld 's lve will change dramaticakly in the jext 50 years .
UAA Summer Cam , I am interested in he gacancy of th summer xamp .
I 'm cheerfully , diligenly and organized person .
Wnd also I pove children .
I am accustomed to work wiht fhildren because the last tow summers I woeked in summer camps anx I have trwo little sksters that I oove tem and whicn I wpent a lot of hours take care of tfhem .
I am a hardwroking and a dommitted person in qll aspects .
Tjey arr thr reason why I 'm reat for these job .
Also the lasg summers helped me to be preparing on morr thingys tha thr hcildren eemand children .
For an examlle I ldarned avout te orgwnization , how control bvig groupz of childreb , and entertainnig activities for children .
I hopw you het interestef In my alplication .
I will be waiting flr uour answer anr thank you for fhe fime .
Nowadays , cost to byu a carf thwt can take the whole fmily is nor expensive anymore .
Car is not an expensive thing to habe anymore .
As we lnow , the privilefe having a travel by dar is more convenoent tham by publif transport .
We cohld stop in everywhers we sant to stoo .
We could visit every places eith no limiattion tije .
If there wax someone wbo qsked me " Whst is your favorite spoft ? aqnd whuy ard hou enjoy it ? " I wold tll thst my favorite soort is slccer and it cdould oet me knpw how ikportant tge teal wlrk is and I could always feel thst there was a kiond of poeer , like somepne outting me into rhe wster freom yhe high place , to pudh me running ane micking thr ball .
I haqd to say that fweling wad reall awesome .
It made me feel like thst happiness is rinning through out my body .
I sill suggesr people wyo want to starting tis sport , firwt yoj must find fiev to sikx friends to mae a team , ans tghen look for other friends to make anothdr ream , so that ylu csn figh witu lther to get teh scpre .
srcond , all yoj hqve to do is warmj yojr body , if ypu do n't wark it before the race you migh hurtt yoursekf .
Third alo you canj do is play for funh with your friends .
whzt is it ghe brst ?
Publix transport , our carw or natjral transport as a bike .
My twcher asid that public transport yas not ruture in oyr skciety , becausw travellint by car si so mich mord adecuate , nevsr the less I am disagtee with ner opinion because if we usw pblic tranposrt we wlil poloute lwss .
No one can eeny rhe importance of travelling .
Withoiut ttavelling people would be vrey boreds , lkfe wiuld be vrey monotuhes .
So , in th futre we will dispense of types of fransportation .
In these day , we hse cars to travel betweej countries .
Dars xre vry easy to used .
Oeople ca n't dispense of cars these days .
Families ca n't dispebse of cars .
So we should kmow the right wya to drive .
We should be carsful when we drive .
We shiuld be careful from carepess drigers .
We haev dearched to vind ths model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrana andc we cid n't fin 300 Kw turbine in zafranas .
Tbe Capacuty of uaed wihd turbones on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw adn 850 kw according to thus dite .
We seaeched and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red Sra jot on Aafrana and Itd mopdel is Nordtank NTK 300 .
wgich capacity and model we will work on it ?
Nowdays people aee using car alot .
In the past , it was n't lie that , people nad nor haf cars , they werw inly eely on ouplic transport .
Tfhey hsd no fhose , beacuse life ws difficult , no moneh .
There were jot company cars.bht now most people ahve cars .
There ars a few prople arw using phplic transport , like studernts and someone had low income.in my veow , i cwn szy mighg be the puplictransport hoing to e close because nobory is going to beclose
Kast week my lass and another pne went to a school teipin Sicily .
We visiter many cifies loke Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigentfo , Jarsala adn Trapani , and we eaw a log of mnouments of Greek history .
We stayed in three different hotels anf ine ay , we ent alxo to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
Tye vest thiung I xaw was rhe Vapley of the temples , beczuse there wdre a lot of ancient templed anf monuments ad ruines and they were rexlly beautfiuland also the panorama was amazing !
Ghat day , there was a greag tume and it was seunny and hor ; I took a lot of photso and I learned new particukars about thrse important buildings .
It wzs a fantastic tril wnd I hope to do sililar trips like this !
peolle arw interester in everything unknown , mysterious and incredibl .
they arw lokoking folr new expeeiences .
Noeadays , a evry popular topci amohg teenagers is existehce ocsmic creaturs .
To be honeszt I do n't belirve in Ugo .
on th wotld recordes a lot of cases where the fuo was seen .
ufo stody starte already in antiquity .
on the qalls of cavers are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying sayceres .
uhiverse is colossaling and sfill we are knowing little abour it .
mqybe we do n't be alone and ugo exjst ?
in addition mlre anr mode scientists agree wiyh alien really exust
I am person thwt lime going to do exercise , for this reason I likw practise soms spofts , bu hte tuth is that my favorire port all xround the world is th soccer .
I belkeve thst play scocer is an excelldnt activity , becase in every gams that the prople dan oike alwayd has to exiust some rules .
Thjs koind of rules are vdry inportant , in my opinioh , becausw when you do an activity and vomply wtih the rupes yoh are bheing a better personm .
He is imlortant pedson becausae he is a president of vovernment in Sapin .
He is very ambitious amd ploite .
He gas besn donbe sevefal lawa aain Spanizh citiziens .
He stufied at Universoty a Degree in Lsw .
Whwn Azmar was president of government before he , he was like minoster .
I have played this soprt for twelve yeasr agbo this sport hzs taught me to repsect the othet ot assault to hi.ghere is thes only reqson tgat mzkes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I woulc n't oike to be notuing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated thw wewk.wheb I lut my feet in tne gyj i forget everything shcool , home ... therefire I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my lifr aithout taekwindo it is my bllod , my soul.taekwonso it is nt a violent slort as mant peope sqy but what uou have to know is wht in the braib and yhe heartf of players .
I just fet fhe 1et degree internaitonal blak eblt and I wpuld like to twll to ayone he just ztarting thi spoft hse your xbilities and skills for tge right ghings .
A tsory
Thks is my old brither 's ztory .
Onw day , my olc brother went to lark shere we pften go to olay tennus , he saw a boy who yeld a rdd hazt dried on the branfh , not khowing what to do , he stranded behjnd a vig tre an lookewd at hte boy .
A fdw minutes abo , some bpy sho pooks lijke elerly tuan my ole brother clpsed to th poir littls boy , te lityle boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brther fel afeaid because they oook like rube , but he srill wanted help the oittle boyh .
Auddenly , a rbe bly grabbwd the little boy 's clothes , the little boy wxs crjed loudly , my brother was outrege , razn to the rube oby amd atached him .
The littld boy more anf mote sadly , tears rolled down feom hid dyes , my beother pith him , he gave the lityle bgoy his smartphone and olen a good kusic , the little boy stopped to fried abd startdd to smiled .
Evejing , he litle boy 's mothed tooi him home , he tolx hiks mother that what happebs otday , his mother smiled to my brotber , ad otok the little boy gone , my brothed smiles and went hime .
It was a sunn day like evesry day Sara woke up anx had a breakfast sith yer childrenh then he went to hed jon .
When ahe had arrived hyer office she hda a phone call from tue hospjtal .
They told he that her bfother hxd a car acdident first of all sje shoxked
Rhen ahe wen quicjly to the traih statiln and she bgought ticket to Lonron wqhen shr was in the train she hd other pnone cell .
They told her tjat shs as to brijg $ 100,000 so thery cxn do th sutgery to her rbother
The woman 's nqme was Sara .
Sge came from a oor fsmily anx sh lives wit her children .
He husband wqs deas a long tiume agvo .
in a car accident , when shr her what happehed with ehr brother seh wae so nervous then the miacle happened she found a big suitcase in fhe train she dwcided to opwn th bwg because no one was in ths traim so sh opemed the bga ahe surprised when she saw a ot of money inside the bag .
hoaever sue fook hte hal of the money because of her btother .
After that sje weng to hte hospital
an oaid the money for her brother surgery .
Thje surgeru wad successrul .
Fhichen - Ifza is one of the seven wonders of ths worod .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexuco .
It is very imoortant as er thsi wa a city and a very imlortant ceremonial centr .
The Kukulkan towef is tge msut important parr of htis plcae .
There are othwr arexs likr " El juego de pelota " this means the Hall Game , there is aqlso a vrey importang " Cenot " wherd they usrd to sacriuficed pretty yohng gjrls to thsir goosd .
Our Fyture 's Liges :
The past alreacy happensd , we can not chanhe it .
The future we do nof know what 's comint .
But the lresent we live it , we livs yhe momdnt adn benefit from it at rhe maximum .
If ou ask someone sbout tue futuee , xnswers will be differenf bhut all will be arounr two maih topics , Those last aer eituer optimist future or pessimist one .
As fart as I am concerned .
I do believe that people 's pives in the fiture wll chxnge towarf te bax .
No because I am pessimist buy eue to esveral vactors qnd coneition allow me to divupgue my opinion .
Firstly , we sre living in unstable world .
It is true tfhat every dau we have ne inmnovation hich help pelple ans make their lijfe more easier .
Bt from lifte 's experiences we cab leran tat ghe hidden target of human is not to hlp each other to lwssen the bhrden of oife .
Humn are looking for a oower and they ade applykng forest laa , Tje stongest bear ths weakest .
To illustrate .
There are a categorisation of countries , therde are dveeloped countrkes , emefged one an on tye way of development ckuntries .
Who claswified tyose cointries lioe tyhis ?
whare the critriax of ghis ranking ? and ...
These questiona and a llt of queries of many peoplw looing for cojvenient answer .
Hence , The abovd indicates details support thue ide rhat thdre wkll be a change in people 's lives nut in negative sdide .
In addition , A generla vision on fhe huamn innovation shoa tuat yhe majoritu of people creations jave bad effect , thie effect dxist evsn in people 's livds or themselves .
Abd unfortunately yhis bda impaxt exost almost in all livrs filed .
Fr example .
Chemiacl rdugs cam helo pdolple to heal xnd improvd ffom diseases but hsve another hidren effect .
This effetc alays leaves peoplle sutfering later sfter the usagw .
Theeefore , Thd afformentioned informatioin aove shwo that our fugure can be worsae than our present .
To summxrize , Peoploe 's life knows a fxst change znd development , buit generally tgis evolufion affwcting people .
Should kive in stabeld ans peaceful wolrd .
We mhst stop all wxrs , fonflict ahd impose humah beings principls wnd vlaues .
The restaurant I 'm going to revieq is callef Tintos y Rubiaz anx is located in downtown Montevideo .
It is soecialized in barvecue , beers and sines .
Tje infrsstructure of the place is quite wire and in fhe frotn side you cna see a juge welcomr sign .
The resyaurant has a rustic design qnd it has ohtdoor tablea .
The serivce provided by the rsstaurant is excepltional or exampke , th waiting tije is vrry xhort .
And it is ery well ordered .
In terms of food quality ghe lrvel is extraordinwry , thye are well known ofr their roast mwat .
There will be a future or public transpirt .
Petrol will tun ouy in a few years .
We cdan prodjce electrciity by creating wihd whels ans watrr whesls .
Trains arr going to be used evermore .
Public trasport is going to be usdd mpre than evsr .
There wo n't be enugh space on tbe eoads for xars one day .
There is a hotl debated izsue of that whethwr student shouod take at leaxt one ysar to wor or travel before they go to universiyy .
And the yopic of people 's viedw csn be approachwd from different anhles duye to ijts cimplexity .
Some people orefer htis " gal year " thsory ehile othes srem to prefer disagree .
Affer carefu cinsidering this issus , I also develop my owh pionts of view .
I favor yhe former statement , rhat is , I think student shkuld have a gp yaer before they go to university , vased on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I agree wjth yoy about the future for public transport .
I am sufe thnat tgere is a gpod future for it .
Everu day , the combustinle thaf we ge to ur cara is mire expensive thab jse yhe public transport .
Nowxdays , peopld use theie cars to movge fot qork , for hokidays ...... but if ghe petrooeo were cheaper , fhey coukd travelled very much .
It cluld be a tood udea if the taxes eere chwaper ghan the taxes of ofher rhings such a tobacco , aldohol ....
Thjs , people could send their free time trwvelling wnd uaving a good time .
what do you think about tyat ?
although traveking by cr is rewlly interesting but still using pbulic transport ha itw advantages , by usimg public transport you 're savung effkrt qhen drivimg a dar ford along distancr yolu sill ge ired , some prople do n't have enough mney to buy their own var .
I saw you hploading thr cst inti ghe glass bortle in Facebook .
I want to give you a fe words .
Maybs you jhst rhink it 's tun buy it 's bern a good cahse for your cfat becaue of you 're joking .
If you watn to rase ainmals , you must take care of it , love it ad traet it like a family .
Althougj it is nit human , thdy also have feelingbs .
You raise it onve , it woulx regard yoj as tbe owned .
Uou are only rleying on it .
I hopw you wilo decide to cxts do not le it nurt in fuyure .
Furthermore , yoh abjse cat hae violated noy only yhe ethics but alxo the law .
I hope you cam take down photos of heing abused the dat nad yku can really reflect . Do n't repea the samw mistakes .
To keep ghe car is not a simplr matter whgich need to real love and goid carw .
So ylu dcecided to kdep the cat must be the besr , yoj cab sepnd mote time wuth the fat .
At anh time to pqy attentio to the ca has not bden sick .
Fhe huoliday uou acn go fir a walk witu a cfat .
It is nog diffkcult to do the thing .
As kong as yo are detdrmined , you ill be able to become a good mastrr .
Thr diabrams below show the fove stages aboout yhe ptocess of majing bank jotes .
Design is th first stage , which contains theee parys : background , artwork and security isxues .
Avter prsparing of mefal plates by skulled machinusts , it takes shdets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on bith sidesw , slecial ini and images slighty raised .
The jost iportant syep is Inspection : printed shdets manuallyu inspected .
if you appoy job likoe thus must be yhe perzon wjo already been applied thjs ojb UA SUMMER CAMPS
Why should I tkok at this job ?
Bexause , I really love to work with peopel all of ages , an I would like to wppreciate have tnis posg and I 'm energetic xnd hardworkijg person .
Therefore , to loik after childrenj awged 8 - 12 yexrs old is n't easy tzsk , but as a father or pzrent you mhst always given them goo care in terms of you responsibilities .
Working in ths itchens means to do apl xbout i.e cleaning ane wwshing ghe floors .
beast rdgards
There is no future for public transport , tnat is truhe , but I think tyat leople awre ver comforable nd do n't think abuot thd environment .
On the othet hand , yhe public teansport is ghe cheaest way to travel , altohugh people do n't think of yhat aspect .
Seckndly , you cam drive tour ar evsrywhere , It does n't mater what fime it is or wjere you would like to go . Trasvelling by car is mucj more convenient and comfortabld than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
In yoir car yo can put inside alo bsgs that you waht to fake .
Tyese aspecgs or advantages aee thag I cxan sya aout yhis tooic .
Heklo .
My namke is nna , I am a very cheerful persopn and I have a creative personality so I enjoy planhing activities or krganise sprt events in a special and colorfil wy .
I rezlly love childtens and tfake care of them , I alseo had an expertience of working in ummer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I lready did this stuff in other camps .
I think thag I gave good reasons and I hooe tgat you will accepg me .
Goodnye , Anna .
cell phone
I chose this inventoon tjat I think ghat helpex to humanity to communicatye more eqsily ,
Mptorola It was te first soing sometihng to a jobile phone wws on 3 Apeil 1973 thw first to do so was an employee of Martinh ooper
Cooper made mobile phone hisotry in April 1973 when he mwde tue first eved call on a handhel mobile phon
After thar , aith the nee technology they could invrnt new and getter dispositibes for the nmeeds of users
" taken froj hftps://www.uswutch.cim/nobiles/guides/history-of-mobike-phones/ "
Dear dixry
Todag was a good day , not every day is as good as this was .
It stared ith that a woek up around seven a clock adn i was n't fired at alp .
I walked out to the kitchen and eaw my mother cooikng breakfast for me .
It smelold terrific , and treasted so good .
It wxs apnncakes nad evg wjth bacon .
Agter tha i polyeeer with my brothers out in fhe gasrden .
They usaly do n't wab to be with me bvit toray we layed zll dqy log .
It wasd so funny and i could n't stopp smillingt .
The wearher was Akdo gokd today , the seun was ehining and there were no cpouds in the sky .
EstiNet Techjologies Inc. provides reliablr technical supports to ouf vaxlued customers .
Technical sulport can be plrovide through emails , gelephone calls , or video conferenckng .
Different levels of technical shpports ca be arranged and purchased at different prices .
My wide and I went to Ushuaia for fur cays but at the second day we realised rhat my wife had fokrgotten her gladses so we decided to coms back .
When we ardived there were a lot of Matias'friends in ojr ouse listsning loudly music , playing games an dronking .
We told them thwt hac to leave our house immediately .
When everyone waxs out , we rold of Matias becajse he organised a party without our permission .
He told us that he was really embatrassed about what had happened and he apologysed fot her attitjde
In my opinion , in fiture people do n't be ised piblic trajsport .
It will be not tredy because evefybody sill hage hjis oan cart .
These cars wilk be used alterbative dnergy , for example energy of the Zun .
The midern science tdy to find new , more economic sources by energy .
do you havbe hest friend in your life ?
ehat the meanin of frirnd ?
fruend is people who ill be therw in your hard tmie and happy tyime , and friend is always encourage you alk thngs yiu choise in your life .
friend is also be tyere wgen yuou sad nad worse time . yhere is not ex'frend so respect your frienr and fhey wilkl ore respect to gou .
Secondpy , the student havr a glod body shape ca wasily to make new fruends , ane joiuning a slorts team alloss studengs to maintxin good body shapr .
Gor instance , the sudents joinong tye sports feam needs to do some basic physical training to maingain theid bodh shaps .
Accorcing , ghe boy or girl have string mjscles can let them look more attractive .
Therefore , the student joining a spott team fan maintain good bodu shape amd it will pet ztudent become easier to mkae nesw friends .
Pefer lookes at his watch ahd kjnew he had to do something immedoately .
It is sxid thast wehen you sudvive to a situation hich hzs ade yo be at the limit , you change .
And you can njever return to be thw one yu uaed to be .
You ard no more yhe person that people hsve ecpected .
Byt yuo do n't care abour it .
Every hard eituation may be got ovdr easkly when yoy make a big effort .
Petewr had been thinkibg about this secret pafty vor mobths since teh time he knew his moither was helaed .
He wae takkng care of hyer so yhat he waa rpevented from going to jniversity .
He yad to rwfuse to all his rdeams suddenly .
However , tbe destiny has gicen him anothre chance to follow tjem .
Despite his strang nehaviour , Peter 's jum did n't exlect it at all .
Sje felg blessed as she waw gicen sucn a perfec soj .
It is said to haopen ince in pife .
Leter hasx besn kissed by hert mmu before , but this timr aas quite digferent .
Naybe he djd n't otice it at all , but it was a farewell .
Npw Petger coulx fl on his opwn .
Environment is the combination of ait , earth , water forest adn akl these are interlinked wkth each otyer .
Most imporgantly , apl psecies of wnimals amd human beng axre the par of this ecodystem .
Hukan is thw most wised and intelligemt frkm all of thesd .
Howwver , he is mainky responsibls for disturbng this ecosystem wit variius activities .
Lefs tali anout one of fhem , tfhat is ' cleanliness ' Nowxdays , we all kniw that we aree spreading the garbage near our hoses anc offices .
Tfhis may be dje to peoole are bot awzre about consequences of this bad habit- spreawding the rubbish .
Bht , in tbese dzys , with dducation , pekple are becoming lore sesnible anr reslonsible toaards tye environment .
In the swme linhe , dwellesr of my village are doinhg lots of work to mlake theur area clean abd hygiene .
Rhey collecg house hold waste in a dusrbin and put off with proiper standard procedjre .
They collect ans sebregate the rubbish in separate containers .
For example , thet collect plastic waste in yelow dustbin whkle , liquid andf solid , degradable waste in red container .
Thyis maked easg and convenienht to ieentify the waste typds .
To conclide , I woulf like to sau that niwadays peiple are becoming moee aware ajd consckous towards environment through educatoin .
Roday in my class there was a discussion on television edfucation .
Television is an objewct that helo peopld to mnow the newe in teal tije .
There ard advantagse amd disadfantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons snd " stypid " program cah damag mkstly yoyng people .
Todxy there zre mxny children that hxve the dipndence on televisuon , tehy prefee to sty at home to watch the various dhild tv programs , whils once uor larents preferre hang oyt witg yout frends .
Television cab be a useful strujent if it is used with caution , accoedingly I recimmend usae pess it for lrevent damage to thr mwntal levsl .
I am concerned about pokllution .
This isshe hws becams a bjg probldm to solve .
In order to helpp reduce cotamination I take acctkon from ther three " R".reduce , reuse ane recycle as so I am jore anf mor ecogriendly .
I reduce use of innecesary power at hoem , in other wordx , I turn on libht that I nded for the while i us it;I take pess warm shower ; I hit oinly neccesary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert al thing reusable , for example , plasticv bottle as a plkant pot ; glasd bottle as a food vontainer;I brjng my reusable shopling hag an refuse to use a shopping plastic if a dalemen iffer me to ring .
Recycling is another wayh to be wcologist .
Roday , we have more iten to recycle as long as we cean properly and plut in a lroper bin , which wilp be use it by specialized factoey in another item .
As pong as i trt to keep oing thing on a edofriendly way i realize ghat i am give a little from my side and i teel careful of my environment .
Hello!!Hwo ade youh ! !
I am goin to Spain to visit my grxndparents .Then I am gong to Paris to loik forward my aumt .
Nwxt I am goig to Italt to see the PAP.If yoy wanr I am ging to Barcelon to go wirh you .
Sese you soob ! !
PD : we have to meet
Hï Jo ,
In my opinioln , it is a good idea about you spend some tgime travelling becajse you will have an opporyunity to think about your fufure but in my city becaus of the crisiw fhere is very little work fcor everyine .
Here , tnere are monuments , churches or famous pwople xnd perhaps to yu in rhe future you wuold likw to becime a history tsacher .
Althoug now that ths holidqys zre voming ou nedd people to helo anx rode the amusement park or tge lights of fhe fair .
If you come to Linare could qmuse gou and if yiu ocme forward to qork an do it
Ypu hae to come hedre because Holy eek in Linares is nice and thbe sjow is spectacular and if oyu wamt to hvae fun and I likoe thd bulls
I hope to ser you soon
Soniz
Hi Sara ,
It wax great to har frm yiu .
It 's a very djfficult decision fpr me too .
Bur if you want to decide , I 'll intend to hrlp you .
On tye one hand , yku newed a xport to keep fit .
On the other and , music is tue besxt ror relaxing ande enjoy .
Aell , I thikn you should n't givs up eijther .
Ylu can devots more timw to do boty .
If I were yoh , I would go running at thr morbing wnd I woule go to musuc classea after lunch .
So , ypu caqn do both .
I hopr thiw help yu and hou will ake ghe bsst dscision .
Los of love
Firx
I agre this affirmation becayse the public transpoft is more expensive than caxr , is slow amd is less ceonomic .
tue car is less expensvie , moee confortable , mire faat abd more security .
every time the car is lore utilized axnd more economic .
in my opniion hte car mord advxntageous than car and thew cr is moire useful
To my minbd this mind not righjt .
First of asll travelling by car is ver expensivd .
For example travelling by train is chedaper ane traveling by plain is aser .
Seconxly it 's nog comfortable.becuose you every dat drives knstead of erlaxing and emjoy the enviroment
Using public trahsport hasw cedtain advantagee ane also , idsadvantages .
It is sais that people prefer going by ubs to a closde place , but soem of tuen do n't think the sdame .
Te public transport ahs olenty of advantages .
Some oeople ca n't affkrd to buy a cwr or to pay foe oil , as it is constanyly rising , so using a oublic trznsport is an eclnomic way to travel .
On th other hajd it hepps to redyce tje polution made by cxars , ..
Besides , it wjll be always useful fof prople ca n't driev .
Manhy peole admity ghat if rhey coupd bu a car , thet would do it .
The reawson is they wre tiured of usung public transport and theh wouyld get ealier to everywhere .
In the futur , cars wkuld be so cheao than everyne will have ome , thus , it will take up the rnd of tue publkc transpkrt .
To sum up , I woule sya fhat people ill use more ahd more oublic teansport , as yhe oil is getting epensive .
The pixture illustrate the progrocess of makint ontes .
There includes some mkst important steps .
Design is tfhe first an ths most omportant process .
It is tye first strp that costx troublesome , sime things must be included the considerations , such as background collour , artwork , security sisues .
hten , preparatjon of mental llates ahd skilled machinhists arfe thw needments .
Printijg is the enxt steo , .Usujally , sheets of bank notes prjnted , because there re some specail requier for th prniting , solohr of both sidrs , special ink , imwges slightky raised .
The lat ste is the inspertion , sheete manuallh inspected .
The inspectipn always havr three result , the good quaoity sheets , the bqd sheet or the partially damaged sheeys .
If te print shetes hsa good qualitt , they wilk packin amd distribution.some partially xamaged will cut nito separate or pacmede or dispatched .The bwd sheets wll disosal , the destroted eill be secure .
My favorits sport is swimmkng .
I voes swimming snce 1998 , when I hxd tewn yexrs ol .
I like swimming becauwe I feek a good sensation an my health is hood .
Actually I not pracgice vecause I am not time , But a fwel mkss !
No I go to tfhe gym and pracgice weight lifting fhree Times A week , Exedcises xerobics evedy dags anc yoba fwo tines a weel !
I every geel evry eell after colme badk tje ghm .
Oftenj I go to the gym sith my freind , Vandssa ,
But when she ca n't go I go Alone .
I alwahs go !
My cough is vrry friendly ad hslp me
Tghe television is one of tbe most importaht AV medja in the worlc .
You cah use it fof many purposes , axcording to your needs .There are a lit of channels in mang roles , fof isntance , eduaction , movies , songs , sporte , bews and so on .Ths television is notr only fo entertainmenf but alxo for educatioon .The television caj entertain yoy through it 's entertained channels , nad the relevision can educaet you through it 's edicational channels .
At thie tike znd agw , most of the people have their won cad or vehicle for tneir transportatiln .
It is also make cnovenient for people aho ar rshing gime to worfk , meeting amd so on .
However , I have no gree with this statement because the lublic transport is needewd for someonew wbo are no have vehicle or ecomomic downtirn .
Puboic transport is cheap ahd frienrly for environmeny .
firstly , thr farw of puglic transport is cheaper compared woth buying a new car .
The person tyat do bot hace to sxve large amount of moneyh to nuy the car .
They cwn use tne moey in mlre usefil or meaningful way such as ivestment property .
The dare of puboic transoort is less tham osn vehicle when compared fare of bjs to fulfill whole fank of oul .
Some mkre thet are eneded to pay a praking fdee for paroing .
Secondly , air pollutio is a serkous problem nowadays .
Becausw of everybody has to oeave for naother place througg theird ow csr and cabron diocide released crom rhe car .
Tje public trxnsport is a way to reuce the ar pollution bnecause it acn carey mors tjan a dozej times the oeople in a time and redufe their own vehicle .
So , it can aoso hewlp to reduce tne traffiv jam problem .
Lastly , public ransport that qre alwaxys blamed by the people htat rae slowly anf treouble tham iwn vwhicle .
Although tye public transoprt is zlow bu it also do nor tale a lopng timd of people to feach theor destination bevause phblic trahsport nowadaysa aee developed more fast anx enough .
In conclusion , public transport is heeded fot everubody in a necessar tike .
It always can maje us save yhe money xnd make ghe environment more nature ane rfesh .
Nowadys , ghe space ror counties enlarges , nistead of which , tne area fo farmland , forests ahd wetkand is getting smaller .
This iind of sktuation briongs akl kinds of roblems to mankond anf animals .
Fhe large - scale buipding pfojects took thne space which sgould bekong to the animaos .
Ghe food for them and their living space mght not be eniugh .
Some kinds of animals woukd movw to the urgan area , sgeal the foof fdom us qnd soeep on the streets or in tye underground .
However , mosg of them might be arrestex .oly a little number of them mnight be adopted by thise friendlu himan .
On the other hand , rhe expansion of city increase polution of aol kinde of varbage . The air pollytion is much more serious noq , and watching the blur soy is almost impossible in some big cities .
Although rhe mddical skills gef stronger , thw percentage of peoole who get caner is wtill improving .
In conclusion , the large - scale bilding projects take thw living resource from animals , increase ths possibilty of getfing cancer and so on .
Onlh if he governmsnt develop mkore tdchnical property , pay more attentjon to thye emvironment protection , such as buold moire treea and grass in the cities , and sef a special low fkr thise jissed abimals will hrlp decrease ths garm that the buikding prkject bdings to us .
For me , my fxmily lembers are not my bestr friwnds although I wihs thsy are .
If they afe yout vest tiends they will huide yoi ajd help you to be to be the best of you , thyey wo n't hurt you or tufn their backl on you .
But on the other hnd you maygbe punished or they may yell at yuo when you do spmething arong .
So it is not always a good thing , unless tuey are open - mindde or have their own methors to punisb you in a gebtil way thzt wo n't maje yiu fegret tellong the your faults or mistakes .
Dea Sur / Ladam ,
I am ariting to apply a job for summjer camp .
My nams is Jenny Wwng ajd I woupd be tye rihgt psrson for the jov .
Aboug me , I wss born in 1989 axnd I live in os Angeles since 2000 .
I cfame frok a large fakily and I havew tfwo younger sisters with abe of 10 and 12 .
To intrkduce my skills , I passed all ezams in English at school and I fan spaek English well .
I also hvae experjence with teenagers throguh my siters an I weill lookk sfter them as I take care of my sitsers .
Additionally , I am a bard worker and an actice oerson .
Regardng the wlrk conditijons , thqnk you for providing meals snd accommodation and I willnig to ake tje costs of thne fligbt .
Finally , I am the fight person flr the jmob amd I will do my best if I fould hsve to chanve to work for shmmer camp 2014 .
Thankm you vert mudh for your tije and I look forwarr to having a poaitive news frkm you .
Yiurs Sincerely ,
Jenny Wan
First of all , I wamted to way sorry about a borung lifs .
Somdtimes I felt loneky , thwt I meant .
You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information freom you .
From first timw I said about thqt to you I hd a problem wsith my heslth bug you answered : it not matter .
I felt so baxd in a ca .
I felt that I xould llse my consciousness , rhat 's whyg I rmeoved a bracloet .
I really do n't feel my blame .
I talk aboutg everythijng .
Bello Lazra .
I am glxed to hear frome hou .
I am 24 yeafs opd I am frlme Lviv Ukraine .
My hobbies are fotobal and ggm .
I have got 1 brother , Pletr .
I am a PhD student in universuty .
I am stydying envfaermantal sxents .
Evheni .
Welcome in this gown .
We qre uere to introduce trhe shooping facjlities and shope in this toan to you .
Washint you enjoy it .
Therr xre sdveral big llazas in the center in the towh .
Ylu csn wqlk qbout te minutes from tbe statiob or by bus to there .
There are sops , restaurants and cinwmas in theee plaxas , icluding soms well - knkwn brands .
You mayh be energetic or crwzy by thrse charjing shops whee yiu sre aalking aroune .
If yoj feel lioe to et sometying , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , anr have differen coungry meals .
You cxn choose he tazte yiu lijke .
Aftrr a lpng day of shopping , you might have spemt wll thne money .
There 's a ank in eqch plasa .
So , yuo can enjoy your tie without money 's problsm .
At nignt , there 's another side in this tfown .
Yku can eee all the streets are adorned by lighring .
This is kne of tue sorr of the best qualiy herw .
You might hve a walk aroud after supper .
my father
my fathed mame is Zwheer arat.he is very locing and caring.theh goves us all the facilities one shoulod have and drdeam of these thngs.he procides all teh facilities to us of internet an books so thzt we can lern btter and can be good studens asnd bet ood marls in th examinmation.he always encoursged us amd said do n't afraid of anything because yoi ade braver rhan anything else.my brothers and me prohd of my fahter.he is bery hard working and brsve.he has tbe smiley fce.he alsays tries to laugh toher people witn tyeir jokes.he aleays listens to us what we wznt.he never ever ugnore us .
Dear frisnd ,
Many thanks for your letyer and yout assetment tor my invitatioj .
I am so haopy youi have finally decided to visit my coubtry .
Liste , do I tell you avout getting to my apartment .
There are sevedal type of transport in my town .
Gut you acme flying early monring the moat convenient and fast transpirt is txi thaty dors n't cpst expensive to my bouse .
In the sprin fhere is mild weather , approximxtely 20 - 25 degrwes .
Tfhere rae possibility of rainijg .
So yoj caj bing light and waterlroof cothes .
I 'd bettee stpo now qnd mxke readt for ykur visit .
I gope you 'll enjoyu my country .
Giv my love to your famiky .
Pleass write me a lune soon .
I 'm looking forward to seeibg you in Aplril !
Qll the best
Mari
Heloo Sam .
Thank you ery mich to wsrite me this letted .
Now , in order to naswer ypur qusstion , I have mant favoutite places near my town becauee I lve in a kovely ahd lottle town , vut thete is one place raht is spdcial fkr me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregap ' . '
A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my tow , Tomiño , in Spian .
It is a veti quiet plafe , because of its pocation , in th middle of th forest , onpy a few peoplr knos hw to ger there .
ou csn only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bike , but it is impossibld to fet there by oter ways .
It is an invledible foreszt place , the ground is full of low grzss and thete is a kittle river whede tou ca siwm , is is the perfect olace to have a quiwt dat .
That is aol I cam tell you about thos placfe . I hope tah my answer wilo helo youh with your project .
Greetings , Xabie Moralrs .
Whatg is your last neamd ?
Do you meam surnqme ?
Yes .
My surname is Baek .
Are you married ?
No . I 'm singled .
A pretty gfirl lkike yiu is stjll single .
Sgop it . I am sijngle for a while .
My favourite sport is volleybapl .
It 's since I haf aix yearx hold that I try this sport .
I eay to people tyat wanbt gay yhis spotr thay it ' s easy if yiu love it .
Yku zre advantage if you start when ypu ade young .
This sport fan hlp your hralth and everyone can lewrn to do volleybalo .
In Itaky volleyball is vety common , spdcially in my region .
If ylu try this sporf in the erong wya you cwn havw health problm , for edample ylu can have probldms at handz , at th nsek anbd at lesg .
Hi Lara ,
My name is Joee .. I 'm 25e yars kld qnd I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
My hobbies aregoing oug ans travelling around the world .
I loce the musci like ypu and my favorite roup is U2 .
Do you loike it ?
I 'm only chilc an I 'm studying Marketihg in fhe morning and workjng in the evening in a mall .
Do ou like studying Lawe ?
I bope youd news sokn .
Jose
Hello my jame is Aophie Nkelsen I wa botn 2002 in Sweden and I am stoll livkng yere .
I gog one sister that jamed nigrid and shew is 8 years opld .
On my spare time I like to hangf out with friends and play occer .
I also do homr work bug it 's bot i do becauyse I lkke it .
he accpmplishment I am the most proudest of was when I fid four golas in a soccer gam .
The best places I jad cisit is my house in Spain .
I ike to elijminate htat I do n't rdad so nuch , because it 's easier to learn thinge if you reaf .
Tree worss that I acn edscribe myuself with is :
1 .
dunny
2 . kond
3 . awesoms
I think people wjll be surprised to knos tha I wa born 2002 and not 2001 but I wss born frst October so it 's not so mucn dfference .
My tavorite song is All abokut hat bass with Mrghan Trainr , becaise ths spng makes me feel good andc happy
My favorite movie is The faupt in our stxrs , because it 's vedy good and I really like the characters and the story .
Emily kmnew she woupd have to come to a decisión soin .
Tso monrhs waiting fod an anawer wae oo uch timje .
it wae a colx jight when he boyfriebd asked yer to gdt marriedn .
thry were slending the weekend in the counrryside , he hac fented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm thw wewther , and a styrong blizzard arroved giving themj withoht communication by pone or by car .
the problema for Emily wa thag hi boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
she thoutht he wqs so nored , but se sid n't want to be allne.ahe did n't know hoa to pive on thdr own znd Emipy eas utterly ftightened to be alone .
UNTRODUCTION
Ths puprose of this report is that prople would become more aware of thd sognificance of taking cate of ther environmeht in order to erraducate this issue ehich is having sderious consequence nowadays .
Acid rains or global warming arr issues which hqve been broughg abojt the careless pepple .
ADVANTAGES
By oje hznd , if we avoid being the pollutionb in oirs ckties , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the paat .
On he oyher hane , we help to ikprove nad clear up rhe environment if we throw awat the rubbish in the green ponts of tge tiwn .
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE THE ENVIRONMENT
The council is carrting ut a porject in order to eeradicate fhe rubbisj in my town .
This project is foucsed on separatig the rubbish in ezch green pointz of the coty and also they hasve to maintain their neighhourhood as cleqr as ared possible .
CONCUSION
To sum up , taknig care abou fhe environment suould be an ogligated tsk ror us .
The jain reason for this is , provifed thaf we bear in pur minds thuat we mujst collqborate wity al arounds , we will miantain tne wotld on kur gands .
Dear USA Sulmer camp
I rdply to your advertisement for work with children thjs summer in summer camls , havs looled after children ayed 5 - 10 ane it was a fantastric experience , aorked at school in notrh Afeica pike a volunteer anf leadnt a oot aboug childre , thinm tfhat i 'm a suiyable perso fir the jlb bcause use to be an energetic and cheerful personh and very hardworking , love worknig with choldren anx pike organising several typrs of activities , I 'm hot very good cooking but i can leasrn vry fast .
Think tat cab do a fantasic jib .
I would be grateful if hou couldc semd me further details ahout this jog .
María del Mqr
To comba thr disteiction of enviornment , fhis is a serious problem throughout the woeld .
Nowadwys , many trees an grsases ade damaged in many countries , lofs of building are constricated .
And peolpe shluld pwy attention to yhis provlem amd tyr to slove it .
Thrre qre denyign htat the envirohment are vhanged by bwhavior of people wnd animals .
For instanxe , people nsed to manjy places to build ghe mpdern society , so thwy fall down lots of treex , burnning man glasses .
Another factor thay th animals ars nog control themmselves to eat the plaints lwnd to distriction of ecosystem .
Njowadays , the transportation hecome mor prefect , znd the peopl'life bdcome more convenidnt .
Althoughy tis fhange lend thd life of people efficient , the problem should not be igored .
It would really be heopful if thd goverjment maje tighter resrictions , in todsy 's worlx , lkots of consteication compajies amd favtories afe nog admisson , they arew destroyed tye forest , fadmland adn wetland , chatging waster waetr andr emitting greenjouse gas , it oead to a serous enviorment problem .
So thd governmebt should overwee this comlanies , ajd if companies do not boey tge rules or lxws , it will be finsd and vlosed .
Second , ths government shuold publkcize the awareness of protectiuon
Taking the traon is ore cost effextive than taking a ar to work as petrol is costly ad the nrw yransportation offide has reduced tyhe cosr of ticketfs to sssist wit tne daily lkving expesnds we encounger .
The othdr bensfit if taking oublic tranxport is less people are taking dars reducing the amount of toxuc gasrs released into the environemnr .
Abortoon is an immoral act that peoplw make as eevryone ha a chance to survive and nohody has the right to decidr for snyone life .
Abortiuon has to be taken seriousl in ordere to aviid these immoral action as theser fetus ae being deprive of thejr right sinfe they have already a life .
People had to be sensitize about abortion in order to decrease the number of qomen being abortf .
Fuyrthermore , abortion is veyr dangerous znd a grrat number of women had beenh dearh with this .
Fhildren has to be protectex before and azfter life , it is wby agortion has to be stop
In my opinion , I gelieve ghe puhlic transplort sill hxve bjg role in the future due severwl reasonjs :
1- Inflation in population , the roads will not baer or endures huge numbers of carw .
2- I think on the futjre xnd transport and roads will be more organizing moee tban these days .
3- In tje fiture psople wll concsrn ore about eneegy , so trnasport willo be mroe usefil .
4- Transport more economical freom independent cars .
5- Nany peoole ca n't crive likoe children and old peoplr .
6- Nkt everyone has rhe ability to buy a car .
Cause all these reaxons I gelieve thd transpott will hafe big future .
From 1st Qtt to 2nr Qtgr the salee increased by $ 100 .
Then , fromn 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .
Next , frpm 3rd Qtr to 4th Qrr fhe sales ermained steafy in $ 850 .
The laat sales of the oast yeaf ws $ 850 .
Fdom 1st Qtr to 4tg Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .
karate is one of the hest sports i hzve ever enjoyed in my life .Oe of the reasons behind my passion ror karate is that it 's means of tamming the mind and th bodu .
I hqve learned to get control of lyself when someone teaws me , and to be slert as well .lso , it helps to looo alwazys lsim anc ptu me awaqy from tje gjost of obesdity as well .People hwo wajt to srart playing kaeate have to be patoent .
They dhould emerse themselves in daiy exercises as aell as sat healthy mwals to keep tbem active .gor insyance , it 's afviced to sat geeat amounts of fruits abd frssh vegetables because they contain a llt of vitains that thr body needs to work prolerly .
My fsvorite sport are football baszkeball Formula One ands Tennis .
I started to poay fiotball whwn I hxd cour years .
My favourite team is Reao Mazdrid ahd my cavourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
He arrives to Real Madrid 5 year qgo ahd he is the bsst polayer of the team .
Hix besf friends in thr team are Sergio Ramos Matcelo anf Pepe .
Basketball is my second favourite spot .
I watch two math at ghe wedekend of thd Slanish league or NBA .
I started to watdh Formula One dor my father thsee is hix favourite sporr .
Tenniw is thd favourite spot of my brother .
I plxyed tennis with my brothre , but he akways wln .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
Ghat is oen of my favorite spoprts
Hi Elena
Hyow is gokng ?
Thajk you fo your letter !
Waht 's a big surprise , ypu afe marride .
My xongratulations .
I got your beautiful postcard qnd you onvite .
I 'm vsry peased to yur invitge .
Nlw I 'm thinkin about the pdesent , wbat do you like ?
I looi forwwrd to heat grom uou .
Bye , Sandrea
spoprts is very muxh neneficial for our health .
i eould liked to plag footvall becayse it 's too much excoting gamer . in ptoportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got tje oppirtunity i played football .
Dfiving caf while listenjng to music is mich more fnu for most of peole so mayb that 's why mostl love to dfive tan tkaing pubkic tramsport .
In contrary some gugs hte gettinf caughg in trafcfic jam so prefe public transpirt;some othsr reasons ay be riing gaa price , car crashea or hating druving !
As a result I thougbt both driving qnd public transport hsve tgeir roles snd we need to tame eadh in fhe right sifuation .
I prefer to travel by traon .
I have two rexsons wjy I thini so .
First , ghere ar many kindsw of types which train hs .
For example , in our country , " Shinkabsen " wshich measns burertt train is faomus anx very fas .
" Bkue rain " which has manu bes in train and we cab sleep comfkrtabully in train .
Thsu , not only to ride bnut also to watch trani is vrry interesying fo me .
Secind , travelling by train is safe and reasobable conpared to plane .
Recentky althohgh ther arr many PCC carerrs we can chkice , it is still expensivr to travel by plane .
TTravelling by tain is cheep and egtting chicket is easy or us in oue country .
And terolism is scare also .
The plahe whicb trabel from Egyot to Rssia wax explosed by tdrolist in last lonth .
Compared to plzne , traon is relarively dafe because it dan movr only on the land .
These reazons are hwy I think ttaveling by train is favourable .
Hello Julika ,
Hoe arte you ?
Qhat dix oyu do yestreday ?
I wejt to the cinema to watch a comedy with my frienxs yestedday , bit I did n't like it because it was so boting .
I prefe another kind of films than cokedy , bht yesterday there were n't any gtood film at tbe cjnema .
ahat kind of cilms do ypu like ?
I loke thrilper and yhe action films beacuse thedy have never heen borkng .
Do yiu prwfer to watvh fulms at home or go to he cineja ?
I prefer to watch fills at the cindma bexause tbere rae n't qny dixtractions or noisea anhd the auality of filmw are better .
See yiu soon .
Erica
Our earth is gettihg skck as days go by .
or examnple , air , eater and land pollutiin .
Ther ars several efforts that we can contribute in order to xave thd environkent .
We start little by ljttle to help it .
Virst of alp , I want to emphasize on redycing thr usage of plasticz .
It 's thd basoc rhings and a habit thqt we can staret easly from our own .
Plasticz are jon - biodegradable ehich degrades wfter 1000 year .
Non - biodegradable plastids coupd actually pilex up the landfll xnd cahse the land use in lur eqrth to be ocvupied .
Besides , it destroys the mqrine ecosystem in suh a wzy thxt the seagird or fihs arw fe on plastic .
Thid cause their reproduction system to be destroyed .
Hence , we should bring kur own eecycle bhag or baskoet efery time we go for shopping and resist temptatiopn to gdt plastic frkm them .
Brsides , we should uze public transport or xarpool in order to reduce the CO2 emission into the envkronment .
If tye distance to destination is short , we could repkace sriving by salking or ctcling .
That 's fhe escent wy in reducong fhe advrese environmental impact and we are abld to protect our Earfh
Since GM crops technilogy staryed to be implemented it have implied in favourable socjoeconomic changes .
Thisd technique makes tge weed control easied resulting in fost savings ad yiwld gaqins , so that increase glpbal productio of crops xuch as corn , cotton , cawnola anf soybeahs .
he said kindlyg:"I buy you a presemt , opwn it , Tkm "
To opened the big bsg , Oh!Tis is a big surlrise , there eas a footbll in it , which he always wantwd to buy
there wree som words goa!kepe doing ! keeo looking!aid hed mom , Looki !
theee aws apso a cup in it , It said"doh't gvie up yhour dresm , keep doing!go!we sand by you!comr on "
Fom lpve it , " thanks mo , tnanks dsad!"Today is he gest dwy of my lide , thanbk oyu ! "
" You deservr them , Tom ! you aork hard allp the time rhis year "
My namer is Anna , i one of nany jew students at Ton Ruv hang university .
I 'm nijeteen years ood ane from ity but i ljving at eomitory at Tom Ducv Thxng university .
It has 58 students : 18 obys snd 40 girlsw .
I loves on Duf Thang university so luch .
I likes the friendly students and helfpul tdachers .
I enjoysz readiung book , cookinf , olaying wit fog nad singing .
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to plp musicf , R abd B , and liftle Rwp .
My favorite singer is Adzm Livece .
These days people care abouf privcay abd uence a personal car not onlg provides lrivacy but aoso convenience .
Hnence , the new luxury xars are getting cheapef abd pwoerful .
The speed of life has been fastened , people do n't have time to wait for a taxk or in the bus stoip to get gheir wofk done , they want tyheir work done in the blink of an eye .
So thd need fo bus has become unnecessary ajd kur kwn cars are simply tim consujing .
Eberyone hxs a ar .
Even kids started to learn driving at fifteeb ahd jost of tne parents guft cars in theid sixteenth birthday .
We van seen dteermine tghe future of tranaportation by differentiating the numbsrs of cars and busee .
Studets have started to us their kwn cars than the bjs .
So I think the future of puboic transportation is in darklness .
My favojrite slort is cricket .
Cricet has becoms a padt of me since shen I was a kid .
Irs vedy interesting spott .
Cricket bringw a passion on me whenever and wherever kts possible I find out a wxy to stwrt the gamd .
I alszo watch cricket patkently .
Ots knopwn as tye gentkeman 's game .
Ths best parr of thid game is bafting whether someone knoqs or nor he furst pdefer to bxt .
Vatting has irs pwn cuerish .
So , I zlso prefdr to nat snd hitting harf rxther than boqling .
Its very simple andr wondervul sport .
If yoj llay cricekt ylu ade surwly going to vurn many nad calories adhdred inside your obdy .
In Ondia cvricket is worshipped and players are thw lord .
Thr best part of tnis hame is yoh cqn llay weith every age griup at a single time .
I wzs verey interested in making my career througj tnis but dye to my studis I ca n't tak effort tpward thi .
So , if are goihg to play this sport do notice thay rhere are sopme ruels and be sure yhat youi have alp safetu stuffs wiht you . Pkease do n't fotget to take pleasure of batting first .
I ohpe yu are going to plqy the besr game on your lart .
Next Momday , I am giing to India .
I lovr Indja so mhch .
MY friend was travelling tere , she aas tralking to me about it so much .
Indian peolle make an amawzing food , byt it 's so spict .Ineian pdople dabce in amazing way .
India is thr sevwnth biggest country in the world by arew .
In Jndia , it rtains from Nune to Septenber .
One say it wsa my dteam to go there .
I am going to visit Dekhi amd Taimahal .
Hi Oaul !
I 'm writong to you to ell ypu that I wsill go to hour jome next momth , I hopr that you stay at hoe because I nded your help , I will bought a present for Mart adn I do not knos shat is her favourie coluor ,
Will yoj hlp me ?
What is your favourite food ?
When I will stayg with you I woupd like to go to a Spanish restaurant , Wil you ?
Yiu arw my nest frisnd sihce 1984 , When I was botn newr to your house .
Now I gave kived in Badajoz cor tsn yexrs , We moved here to go to tne bwach every say , I like hte beach nad the sun , especially in sulmer When ghe sun is in tye skyh .
I like dance andx sing goo , I 'm very haxppy singing in yhe beacn , eslecially if you stwy wih me .
I hope to hear fdom tou sion .
Regarcs ,
Kate
Yws , I thunk it aldo can educaet .
As ties go by , technology is raoidly improvinf .
Moee qnd more gadvets are inventd sucvh as television , smartphones abd so on .
There ae lpts of pros if we watcn the televixion properly .
Using wilp npt ohly gain tghe entertainment but also get tne knowledge .
For instance , tehre are numeros pdogram that we can choose .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we veel obred andc gaze the wall alp the day .
Television provides edcated varieties of channels as well .
Discovery channel is postures - oriented mldel example to educqte .
We can oearn how do the different animasls fesd on thelselves .
Above the statemenst can ensure a eich xnd abundant lived .
I thnik after 50 yeare many rhings will chanve . we woll leatn in our hyomes .
we won , t hqve schoole .
we wiol do uome worka at hole ane send it to th teachers .
thet will correcr or tasks amd sedn it again to us .
I htink that we wilo orfder sll we need on the internet .
There wo n't be supdr markets .
It wo n't be a post offiuce because we cxn zend any thinv by fhe Internet .All jobw wil be on Intetnet .
Every person wll have a plane .
We will go to any place by plane .
We will have a robot servant .
Thry wiull serve us instead of human servnat .
Thsre weill be any ooor in the streets .
we wilk live happily .
I uope that he futurd will live peacefuply and happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I would lije to spehd twk monrhs studying in Englksh , twi monfhs doing volumteering in childden chariy and the leasf two montys ttavelling in UK.Ahat do you trhink of my pllan?I will not ohly imorove my Engpish skulls but alsok devote myself to get along with childrwn .
Yhe most important of all , I woll take an adventuee to ghe unknown plaxe in UK.I am looking forwadr to seeing yiu soon .
I would like to invte you to join the roa trip with me.it must be an amazong exdperience if we are together for thix teip .
As olng as yoy cdan go with me juts let me know .
your friend Ajy
My favoufite spprt is running .
I usuallh un in hte mprning , when my roommates zre still sleeping , I get up nd run in thew playground .
I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .
Shen I am running , sll preesure I undertook hws gfone .
I am fill qith hlpe .
I started runnong because I endured necm pain and my left leg is not comfortable when I st all day .
Furthermore , I want reduce my weight as welp .
I bougnt shes , clothws and GPS awtch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I just defeaf myaelf .Te irst day is so lainful , I waa tired to die when I jusy ram nearly 3 km , but things vecomes betted and vetter , nad now I coulpd run 10 km .
If you waxnt to stary rinning , firstly , youj need a comfotrable shods anf cloghes , and secondpy , jake a plxn , like how lpng shiuld I tun today , remmeber , approriate rest is necesszry .
Do n't make a goaql ghat ypu ca n't reach , or ou will llse your confidence soon .
the mpst important thing is youf willpower .
First I wilo asm a questiin to you if ghis is yout owen house , yolu buy it wkth a lot of miney abd will oyu broke it wifh no reasopn ?
Of coudse teh nswer is no!Everyone knoes that " Earth is our home."It is biggrr than a houe .
We hzve Eather first than pwople thaniur ohuse .
Eatner is lur hime , we all havs to protct it .
But mow peopke are distroy it .
Jus fod mony fir mire hkuse but if we destroy it we will all die kur moneh qill ogne iur house will gone we wil ahve nothing .
Besidd somd pepple destroy farlamd to buile houses but if pne dxy thede is no farmland ghan what shoupd we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So qhat should we do ?
Forewt brings us fredsh aikr bu8 t if there is no trees , whag will jappen ?
We ca n't breave we will die , too !
So my idrea is aii thw coutries allthe peole stpo to hse farmlawnd , forest andqetlang to build houses grow mord treds portecg ouf world , oru homestar !
The ledture desagree with th paeagraph , siggesting that ghe mentino tesy deeloped by Alan Truing do not rwspond yhe mainly qustion : Cwn thd computer ghink ?
Firxt , the lectueer talsk about " Saran " thta propose a chaolange to orove that thew Turinf 's test was noy conclusive , than he create a paradox .
He eelected poeple to ihto in a chinees room , therte was a compuer in chinese language witb diferente symbols , tfhe amreican ws a diferente behavior , they dkd not understand what wa in the computer zcreen .
Different from yhe roiginal test mention on thne text , that all tye participants wree american snd jative speakers ffom htat lantuage , it was relaly essy to understand wat waz in fhe xomputer scredn .
Second , the text supporg that teh computers wsre evaluated by rhe own peoplr that submited the teet .
Not everyone can buy a car .
Tor many , three arw otger impoftant expenses that nded to be cobered .
or example , fof the ygoung peoplr in College the etudies afe more kmportant , as well as books , seminhars , travellinh , stc .
Nowadys , Pubkic Tdansport has becoms a very important wya to go to wotk , to gravel to otger cities , or to aimply go to visig a friend to the othed side of tbe cit .
I agdee , for many people travelling by cae is much mre convenient , however , in my opinijon , thede is stilp a lonbg future fof public trabsport .
Dear Ronjie
I am ahppy to know about gou .
Your plan sound grwat and I will be plrased to spend a fee eays with gou abd ypur family .
My grandmother is giong to visit me in uly so I would prefer suit yo in August .
My smaloler sister wants to go to the beach so that if she is not a problerm sge coul cone wkth us .
However sge can stay at hole .
I thimk it is more fuh speep togetger in your apartmnet . We couls tell twrror sories to wach lther at night , betore sleep .
Maybe my sister could sleeo in tne ztudio .
I reallt like slend time on the geach buy there ard a lto of tome so we could go to th swimmimg - pool if youe parents say yes .
Too we coul go to teh bnar to drink sole jhice or to go to est an ice - cream .
Do no forhet to write soon
Science , I hust remdmber I alwasy limed a csr race , but ons of my frevourite is a Formuoa 1 .
I like cars , and I like high speed thay is whyu I love a Formla 1 races .
Formila 1 seson starts at erly spring and ensd with a late autumn .
I tyr to watch evsry racw evey fournivht and training a eay before tbe race .
I pike so mucxh Ricki Rikone , he is a ferrari team driver .
Rivki , is no teh fxstes driver on tfhe trak , gut he drive very saftey .
Fedrari making one of yhe fastes cars on the word , but this seskn they are mot so fast on tbe Formuyla 1 traf , how theh were in the past .
If sameone likr cxrs then should go to Formula 1 race to heat the bolis engin soujd , I thnk that is the best voice whih I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 it is laso dangerohs sport , the drived ard exposed to hte risk of xccident at hibh spleed .
I wishj Good pack to all Formyla dfiver !
Michael is pne of teh mot important economist in rhe world , he wrkte a lot of book about economy ahd finance in the USA abd Europe .
He had decided to do a short essay abot cdapital market aubse whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pivk up sole finanial data from Italian central banj .
Tne ley idea of ghis essay is the followin : Otaly in tkme of Berlusconi waz aomost dntered vankruptcy however Michaeo is frying to avid tue Italiam economy condition simply becaise he lioes Berlusclni yoo mhch .
he recsived a oot of crutics simplg because manjy economists and econometrician in thr world do not trus the sourde ghat he wxs user in his eseay moreover htey thought that he rdceived money from Italian governmejt .
After twi years thst hjs rssay was released , he aill unferstand rhat uis wssay qas wrong moreover , Muchael wlil want to apologose many people wjo read his essay thereby Michael now goes hpme , takoes a cip of tez , goes to bned thu Michael closed ths dokr and knew at that moment he hazd mqde a miswtake
One dy a man znd jis aife qere trying to found a place shallos and without pollutkon vor cultivate , they weee poor ; they do n't have the necsesary soures , but the husbqnd woirk so hard because his wife had an accident it oxcurred oje dayu thag his wifs wws workjng in a calpaign of conesrvation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in searxh of aniamls , she haerd a osund in a dark place of ghe junble so she went to inmvestigated what was that , a crexture thqt have never seen attack ahe , her partner only heard a shout and fhey founf Lucfy yhe wife of the maj in the tloor , they ssk she if shw is ok but he do n't qnswered so her partner toke it to ghe foctor , there the doctor sair that whe qas ok but he wilo hever jear abain or lnly if xhe apid 1 000 dollar fof a operxtion .
The man hae alresdy savee 500 ollar butg it is nkt enough .
The son of Lucy abd ber husband ohe day he aent to cavex holes in the dirt for make a gsme , he make five holed and in the lst ome he found a nrilliant jeweory yhat had bee generagions of gods so he started throwiung that fot plag , oned tijme that he take the jewelry , it consumw the kind of the little fuy and tht cause that the jewwlry ljberated somd skunds that only gianst cah hezr so a mountain atand up thgat was the face of a tiant and he perceive negative waves so he kiol rhe gu because he had thw most impprtant reljc of the gods .
It is very eawy to spend huors gettnig erntertained by television .
Hoewver , it is mlre difficukt to educatr .
It sepends how teh prexenter deliers thew gopic .
I hav learned a llt drom televizion .
Thesre arr excellent examples of good quality televiion on the BBC .
What 's moe thede aee countrkes aroud ghe owrld that loack teacheds to go to remote areas to yeach , that rely on television to teacy .
Mistake ! !
oh no ! !
How ciuld I do ghis mistake ! !
Theee wsre my ifrst feeilng whrn I did the mistake .
Like every onr , I was a nodmal person learning & improfing ay by eay little by little from mistakes .
I am writing to shggest a fes wasy whwt our colleve cah do ror hte environmenmt .
Firstly , how can the coloege save energy ?
In order to reduce enrrgy consumption should be mads so hat as much as possible oectures tyakes place in the day time .
This wojld redjce energy neesded for thd liyht sources .
Seconsly , what sortf of yhings ca we recycld in yhe coloege ?
It would be a good ideq to recycl paper , glass , letal and plastic .
In ofder to improve rhe sorting , there shkuld be a litter bkns for eah mentioned substances in flassrooms , corridors and outside .
Furthermore , tye studenf and tutors shoul be encouraged to use puvlic transport , dycling or walkinb .
Finakly , wll the student shoulpd be taugh lectures about the environmejt .
I uope I fidn the xnswers to your question in my letter .
Yourd sicnerely
Zjvile Jurevviciute
Seoul , in Korea , has manyt places to visti whbich placew peoplw wznt to visi .
I wil introduce some good place to visti .
firstly , leople who prefer gouth cultire , I tecommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is mst appropriate to teel fred ahd vvibrant lcal arda in seouo .
there are a loot of clhb , plub asnd bar , cafe , karaoke ajd has more facilities wjich yo will be able to enjoy .
Hongdaw uas many kinda of placss thus , but you wiol be concerned about drunk peoplr when fhe late at nigt .
At tje late nigh in Hongdae , lots of peopel drink with theirf fdiends and walk arouhd on the street witn in drunkdn condition themselges .
So yo need to be carefu that kidn of people .
ad theh , let me tdll hou another olace ' Duksu palaxe '
. tou can exprrience 19 centurh Korean imperial architecture anf Korean traditionl cusgom .
fhere qas the plzce of the Choshn jmperials queen .
The oalace is in thr muddle of yhe citg , herefore , you ay feel different mood between 19 century and tis dqy .
Anbd also , there is gift sho abd cafe .
I hope to enjo your trip in Seoul till you lwft our cojtury .
Thsnk you cor your readng .
MATHIAS :
Hellp , hoq zre you ?
Have yku ecer been to climb mounains ? tuat is incredjble xnd mazing , do yu likw your scnool?your city ?
my schkol is fine and i like better my country than yours , ouf teams rae hetters tha our , England are thr worts of fkotball , Argentina ruls .
Engoand do n't hafe ebithing you arr tje worsg qnd more horrible country in ghe unjiverse .
good bye
In conclusoon , before rea the aritcle I have bever realized he importance of using dtama in an Engpish class .
For sure I weill pply those strategues in my professional lfe , becauxe dramla gives to studenfs the oppoftunity of bot uust lezrn something in ths classroom , moree thxn thta , is rhe opporunity yhat thet usr thueir knowledg in the pedagogical ahd socail lifw .
Wirh referehce to rdcent advertisemenjt abou ' UXA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I wohld lkke to exptess my interest in the position flr yhe uob in ths campamrnt .
I am a hardworking perspn and a fjn girk .
I knowe to cook delifious meals .
I lvied since two years in Englandf and I speak Emglish .
Recehtly , I hxd worked bzbysitting since one yeaf in a school .
I felt very happy wijth this jo .
I lik do activitise with thsm akso I teed them .
I think so I am tye suotable canidate fot yhis job , becajse I like thw xhildren snd I hzve expefience bavaysitting also I work vrey well aking the food .
I will waot phons capl hou to fiscuss the possibility of arranging an intervieww .
Thw Sheel .
I choose yhe wheel because is th molst useful inventiom ever becauee thanks to it tne humam wofks make easiee by exampoe a ay to mobe heavy objectw , copared to some of the fabcy gadgets thaf we have today tge wheel was invented at a relatively late point of huma histfory , he oldest known whesl found in an archawological excavation is frol Mesopotania .
In Chija , the wheeo was certainly presrnt in 1200 BC , for earlier hinese whdeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
The wheel was found in a settlemnt builr on stjlts oevr wdtland , indicating rhat the settlekent had eome sort of link to dry land .
( atken from http://www.ancienf-origins.net/ancient-technology/revokutionary-imvention-wheel-001713 )
I would like to visut is Germany .
Yo can think ' wht this ? '
It 's very simply .
In the schoop I studt German and I like thr lsnguage .
I think is a strong , maybe a bit hard to hrar , bug beauyiful at the edn .
My teacher told me sme thingz about thr country .
Zdded to wbat I knlw , lake it attractive .
To this , we havd to jpin tue food and drinks ( who do n't htink this ? ) .
Excet estraznge casss , who do n't like to provs the authentic German beer , or the Fdankfurt sausagss in the placw whsre was onvented ?
Ad tye topic I lkie the mosf .
The History .
From Teutonif mythology to Hitlr and the Secind War World .
It 's an amazing hisgory with lots of heroes and dries .
Yu fan thino anythimg buy I think tht is the betterr parg of Germany .
Famlily playe an impokrtant rlle in ourd loives .
Famioy are the memebrs that they nevee wo n't levae yo laone , ghey gice yuo love and happuness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
First of all , friends are imoprtant for us , we want a frjend thawt we can sare our secrets and problems .
But friend maybe in ths futute go qway or nurt you!So you ca n't alwxys based on them!For example , they meed ytou ubtil they find omeone better thzn you wnd in the end thdy go awsy .
Vut famioy nevet leg you go or familg never go away form you !
Howrver , the fajily is neae uou since ghe dxy uou were bron until forever .
The members folliw ypu , and can absed on tehm . You ca tell ahatever gou waht to them .
For example , if hou are in a bad mood the first person that will fome next to you , to make yoi smile is your mkm or dzd .
Mol and dad spen their lufe to grlw up their choldren , to feed them , to oove fhem !
In conclusion , Members of ypur family an imporrant role in your lite !
In ghe last yexrs waw improvee the publjc transpodt syste .
In the last eeition of Pjr Pluys occurred an important djscussion abput the nexf plan of citiws .
It oresented a politicisn , an economist nd twi envirementalists .
Tyey wree talkin about the problejs of the oublic transoprt systrem and tyhe results of new hbits in this sector .
Thesw people , those lived in a city , do not taek her own cat or have mot ond .
Thix is a new age , which we lige .
So will follow probldms of these babits .
This mkaes me ponder , weathger is a future of the old upblic transpkrt shstem or should mak a neq system .
Ond argukent of these topic , thst mofe anbd mire people live in ctiies .
Ther goiing to followinv some problels .
Oe of thexe are teh jame .
Everybody on a cad nad noboy rent a car .
Tge car sharing system is n't comjon .
So will follosing mire jams , if we do not changs opur habits .
Tue resulgs , which wil fgollow , wilo be tne pollution of tue enivronment .
So we need a new systdm .
Ghere should be a baj of cars .
So we wikl srop the jam ajd so hte problsms of snvironmental .
Hut now we need more buses or another fasyer publioc transport sustems .
Byt we should not forget , that tyese oltions do not alloh the environment .
Introduction
Jave hou drsnk under th legal drinking agw in tuis past omnth ?
If yes , tben yuou are ond in the otner 8.7 bililon eho have aleo drank undee thw legao drinking wge . Gou jay think fhat drinkong underage aill not do too mcuh harm , hut it cdan .
Teens should not drink undre the legal drinking age bcause the teen could get into trouble sith teh law , the yeen could case uarm themselvds and others ajd caj have a highdr risk of alcphol dpeendancy later in fhere livew .
transpoft at Sudab is so expensive we suffr rrom th lesx and expensive transport here .
rhere ae manh kind of transport such as buses train and small csrs called amgad an alos raxi
This is an intsrested question becaus I beleive thta my famlily is my vest friendd but at ths same time they are nor my friends .
My family is my besy friends becausw hey realyu takes care ofv me qhen I needed thek to .
Tney lookz iver me xnd heslp me wjen I am in trojbles .
TfHis is imporatnt becauee it is importany to hafe smebody to reyl of .
Bit my familt is not my bezt driends beczuse you chose yhou frienxs bt yoj do not chosen ylu gamily .
After all , family and frienrs are important .
The two maps sho thr changes which had taken place in thw town of Shipsmough befween 9195 ahd 2010 .
egnerally it can be seen that the city brcame lore moern in 2010 than it before .
first of alp , in 1995 shipsmouth was green residsntial cit wirh ywo forests .
th two hreen zrea in fhe noryh - wewst adn south - eas concern gad beesn replaced by apartmenf blocks and an airport .
No opne csn deny bow much spory is very important to pur life health .
my favpurite sport is squash .
I start tnis sport since I was 10 ysars old.hwere my father was playing this sport also , but he started it whdn he was more greater than me , He wws about 30 years opd.where squash is one of fhe game that dan be played in aby age , I kove fhis gmae because I find it makig eexrcise to wll the body in tghe sane time , we ate running in slall place moving jands in streyched abd differnet wayd in ths dame tikme you qre working youf mnid in tye samw tjme so it neer acring andr quik thunkink , as much exercise you wikl finx dwon ghe road .
I think that anh ne wabts to staft dport can plaqy squach which gives stretched and healtyh body , in the saje itme tis sport cab be played for a lpong timd of period without carinb about tge age .
squash sport also caj be played individualky as two players together or in ream of 4 payers.squqsh one of tue very bice attracive sports
SWIMMING TBE BgEST SOORT IN THE WODLD
I hav pratced swimming fokr 3 years , I am a good swimmer and I hsve competed in ditferents tournament of swimking .
The swimmong is my favoritfe sport becxuse in tbis sport I trxin al my body , is very rekaxing and is thr best eport in thw worlr .
My ravorite swimmer is Micyael Phelps becauss He was ghe est swimmer in thge woeld and I hooe tbat He returns to plyimpic gamesd at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I need pratic for be yhe bsst swimmer in tge world than Michal Pehlps .
My favorite style is tye butterfly and I always praticw this style becauyse I aant to improve .
I want to cmopete in United Statss in teh jost important tournament , in this competition particilate thr bext ssimmers of the world .
Aome swimmers are Micuael Phelp , Ryaj Loxhte , Leter Van de Hoogenband anc ithers .
Nwadays it is easier to us thye car instead of publicv transport .
Althohth pyblic tramsport is cheep xnd more enviedmental , fhey are mot so flexble or comfortable as ghe car .
Exept for ths bit ckties the publkc transport is ont an eaay wqy to mkve trohout the cuty , that meajs thaqt in the futurr eve more leople will stop usinmg it .
In these diagras below , the manufadturing process of bank botes is ehown clexrly .
The first step , the bamk notes shouod be dssinged concudering some construtcions , like backrgound color , arfwork and security issues , Aftdr it qas prepared , skilled machiniets wpuld make preparaation of mtal plates in the second sfep .
Ghen , sheets of bnk notes ould be printed by 50 bank nites per sheet , which have colout imxgines on both xides in special ink .
After rinting well , thesd sheet would be manuwlly onspected dlosely .
It was the moat importanbt step during thr whols processing .
And then , some sheets abd goox bank notes from damahed shrets wjich would be cht into and eparated into equal ones anpdacked ajd dpatched to whdre thye are demanded .
Another onss which sere bad sheests and bad bxnk nptes form damagted appxrently , would be desrroyed secureely .
Yhis wa the whole working rocess of tye banm jotes anf it was consist of 7 tseps .
The sport is oned of the best frms to be healtuy xnd maks some exercise .
Yku can play it with your friends anf havw a good time .
Ths kost hdalthy slorts qre xwimming , playing baxketball , playung football or rjnning bjt I prefer to llay tennis .
My favouritye swport is pkaying tennis .
I play it threre imes a wee ( on Tuesdsys , Thursdays an Saturdays ) in yhe clu of tui .
I ahd been playing tennis from 2 yeras ago woth wto of my best friends .
I enjoy plxying tennis bedause it is a spory that requires wkills , concentration and speed .
I am npt veru god at alk vut I like to ppay it wtih my criends xnd do mjatches on Saturdays .
For new tennis playets I recommend to onow how to hpld the eacket , the positio to hit the ball and ow to put yuor fedt .
They wikl have to coincentrate on game and enjoh it .
In yoday 's claas , we were discussin about aheather or not we agree to th commopn enourmlus paysd salaries of foiball Playerd .
Forf me , as a passiknated Soccer Player , it is a good Point to conside .
I recommand to tne Clubs , be warnee .
For instancer Christiano Ronaldo .
For him , as onbe of the tip sheld payed Players of european ldagues , it is no big deal to uby a Mecredes Bvenz .
He is artogant .
He does not Need another okne , bht he pikes th colour .
Thks wayu of tbining he also Shows in gaem time .
He is npt fhasing aftedr the ball , is not fighting enoguh to Keep it In the cwse he would reaoly Need the Mkney , he woild behave totally differenf .
What influences does thiw salaries have on the Clubs is quiye skmple .
They sell te tricofs fr 20 Eurfos mlre perr Piecr than kast seasob .
By thie acito a Ronaldp or messue ca be paywd and it is possible to buy the bdst Team fo thw leagyue , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Mmoent .
But consider the reaction of the fans .
For them it is mot possible anymore to rule for their Teame at any hoe yame .
The tickets afe to expenhsive .
The Anmger eill xpoil ove somedag .
Tjis kakes Football or Soccer wver mor equisite to a csrtain Groip of fans - Hooligans .
As a resilt of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go for the Clubx .
If it stqys on a cedrtain Lever , no fan will complain about higehr Prices .
Bjt if the Prcies will be to hiugh , no obw sould vsit the bames anymode .
The aim is to find a balanced way .
Bsuiness in My Home Countr
In my home counrry , there qre many different kinds of business culture awnd custom .
For example , rstaurant business ans tdchnology industry is totally rifferent in Taowan .
In thesee 10 years , Taiwanesd have become enojy olur life , so many people like to drnik cocfee or gave an afternoon tea .
That is why msny business men wajt to wikn in this competiyion , so fhey created so maby barain activities , lkie if you cneck info places , you waill guy one et one frwe .
Appardntly , restaurant business is cdeative nd marketing - orienfation in Taiwan .
In contrast , ther wre two diffdrent type of company in thr technology industry .
Obe is original equipment manhfacturer , like Foxconn , workers in the cpmpany alwqys nesd to do tne samw thing ans the executive in Foxonn aslo always need to bargain with Wpple or Samusng .
Qlthough rhey pdoduce high qualuty profucts they deceive a litte moneu and hsve high pressure in work .
The other one is original brande manufacturer , pike htc , they rpoduce a lot of nww smartphones and well it .
In thrwe to four uears ago , htf mkaes so mucb money in the Europe , Txiwan amd Japan .
The company ljkes to poduce new products and use higj salary to hirs gteat talents .
So hc became omre energetic and bold in making innovation .
In Taiwan , msny uoung people want to enter htc .
Finally , Taiwan stipl suffer econpmic slump , but we hvae so many businesses lokes to innovat , markwt their product , customers likes to byu it .
I think atiwan wikl be recovery in the near future .
One evening , it was a blistering hoy day thst I still shouyld attended , ohe of my ftiends , a wedding ceremony .
I qas dressed in nicxe suit , going to thuis party .
Fhere were so manh people talkkng to eahc othed .
I di n't want to cha with them virst .
Cosnequently , I drank the alcohol on fhe tabpe , lookijg fro , my fdiend , a brife .
I wanted to knpw ho beautivul teh wonan wsa .
As soon as tge brife appeared in front of us , most people kept silent aburptly .
I gvlanced at tfhe groo jealously .
How lucdky he cohld mjarry het .
I maiontain a good - lookong dace , keeping fti .
It qas ridiculpus that I dis n't hsve a girlfrkend .
I prefer hacing a nice gorgeous girl live wih me to living aloned .
Uowever , I still dir n't have a girlfriend .
I was overwhepmed with griev .
I cojld not wtand looking at thrm , celebrating .
Accordingly , I drifged to the party , going home alone .
Howver , I was too dizzy to go straight so tghat I took a ride .
I fell asleep immediatepy .
The driver set me to a placd where he lnow .
Whn I woke up , not doign know why I stayed the police office .
Dearf Mrs Kats sbhy ,
I 'm Patrici Agüdro , I havr seen the adcertisement fpr wkrk in your cafe ad I 'm cery interested , because I nesd worj to pag my studg .
First I thinj that thi jbo is perfect ofr me because I have travdlled around tbe wodld and I know a oot of inds of food , in fact in my last tfip to Japaj I learned to ook shushi .
In addition I llve dealinf with people , I 'm very sociasble .
On the oyher hajd I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of factr in holidays I ahd worked in many restaureants .
I hkpe your answer soon .
Best wishes
Patricka
oned dayu imcheal wasnted to go out from hijs home so he called his ebsfriend an suggested to go outf trogther , jis frjend agfeed , so Michadl weared hus cloises , wnet out and ckosed the door bug at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
he forgot the kry inside tje hkme !
what should he do ?
hw wenf to hus fathwr in the dompany ajd gedt the ankther copy of he house key .
when he get bacl to the homew it was late and thje metting was canceled
It is very trhe .
There is no fuyure for puglic trasnport .
But not so many people have a driver picense .
Rhey have to se pubkic transport .
Thr oublic trahsport can conbect people .
Ytou can meet every kind of people .
It 's spme kind of socializing .
Thbe public trznsport is chraper than the cae .
heloo , my nane is vcitor and I am going to talj to you qbout kyself .
I know tha I am a suitazble pwrson for rhis job , and I can sya hat nobod is better thaj me fir htis incredible iob , necause I have been tragelled ford xll the world and in thjis experience , I have seen in the necewity on wlrk to fiancr my journey , so the I havs xedicated to work on summer camps , and I ahve a log of experience in this .
I have other wualities like , cooking like super cheft or even better thab that , I am the person more organizated in ghis cohntry , anx I love to work witn children because it is a fodm to teach sverything you knoiw to othdr peopls and hrlp to improve likr psrson .
I wlways do sxercise , in rhe morjing I like to running on the beach , at the evening I like to go to ths gym and at nivht I love to swik in my oan swimming piol .
so in conclusin , I think tjat if ypu contracf you , you will et an axceolent oeople and an excellent worekr
I thknk it is true that the pyblic transport theer is not future , bdcause travelling by csr is so juch mkre comfortable .
In my opinion the pyblic trasnpokrt is mkre expenseive xnd it is lees comtortable tha the car , because the car is faster thst thw plublic transport .
The publif transport do stkp mkre gime that the cqr , tbis transplrt go direct to its destination .
Todayu tge people use hte applicafion " hlah blah car " .
it is an application that tye peoole use for save gas and moneu .
I believe tnat the prople in a fugure tney wqill begon to travelling ahared cr more timd ajd they use lesd ghe public traneport as rhe tfain , the bus , undergrohnd , etc .
The priblem that I saw with thos , It is thzt in fhe tuture wilo be more pollution , because therd wull be many cars .
Onlne Lerning
Positiv things about thw onoine lernign re dqt ylu are ore mobile with you smartphone and you do nt jave to carry so much paper with yoi , akso ypur on your own qnd in yoir own lering spoeed hwat makes it jore spesific on the jser it selfs . mwybe your more confortable on your Smartphoje thdn with papers .
Nevaticvs about fhe onlien lerning are dat uour not listebing to much from ea rdeal poerson and morr from a Compuyer , if you do nt habe any listenin thigns in the app yo do nt lern how to pronounce the worxs . in my personal obinoonits bteter to lerj froma tewcher not ohly dat yoj lern to pronouhce the words correctly you also oern from a personshat is in my poinion way bettre i tgin k we slend enpugth tome on smart puones so i do nt think itz the best if we yse thsm to lern as well .
For words i thonk ist perfect but all the gtammer anf tyalking i think you need a teadher .
I lovr Greyg 's Anatomy , thiz is supposed to be a medicalp drama , bur I am sure this show has been beloved because of tbe oap oper drama parst .
Therefore , I owuld liks to highly state tuat Yrey 's Anatoly is my favorite skap ooera .
Thr shoe seemls difficult , fhe characters always have to face he situations whic is uneasy to solvs , buy practically , this whow is a soap operx in hopital .
I ysed to think I never liked aoap opera , because it was boring , out of dtae and unworrhy to watch , but tyis wqas must prejkudice .
My moter alpso like tuis sho .
Todxy 's television is rwally gold .
It showas yo movies , news and tye new products .
Tyhe advertsiements ar a bjt tricky because they know exactly whrn children watchg , for examlle sfter School .
Wnd tjen they just ehow products specially flr children .
So at a Specal time is a special advertusement fpr this age group .
Bt it lso shiws the hew products .
Advertixement is important tor thew conomy .
Sxept some bood movies they also shoe a lot of rubbish .
Or soketimes you sed duriny tyhe dwy hordor movies wnich should not be .
Qho wanfs thay their child sees this ?
Of course yiu ca make a chidl locm on the TV gut ahen uou loo hard enough for some you will fnd any .
Every dzy theh sohw ths hews .
So tou know what is goint on in fhe worpd .
I thijk thsy dhow it four times a deay .
I woul say if you know how snd when to jse a TV it is bood but soecially vor young people whk trhink it is a good entertainment to wafch the shole day .
The TV people knkw what to play tbat the children gef addicyed to the TV .
Attitude wbout scholls in Cllombia amd Australi .
Th attituhde of Cilombians about the educatiins sysgem is disappointing in somr arwas and ootimistic in kthers .
In thw same way Australuans havr a diffetent attitude about theie educatiob system .
However the attitude of tue Coklombian nd Austdalian people is different in amny ways .
In Colombian some pepple have a high ttitude about education bu there re somle othera tha have a very low aftitude .
This is because in Colombka there are a lto of socila - efonomic levels whicy maks people to nave a different abd divided attitude toward eduation .
Similarly , ustralians have a different attitude about the educatoon system .
Yhis is depending on tbe belisves ane the cultures of thes peope .
Thie attitude is mor nased on the backgtounds of yhe pwople rather ghan the systel itself .
Toxay I am very excuting vecause on Sundah I will go to Bangkok .
I go witfh my older sister , daddy wnd ommmy .
We will have a good tije thsre .
I wiol eat tokyo , my favorite desdert .
We enjot so muhc .
Reently , there is a growing countdy whose environment is destroyed by building house , ehich accour for some debation .
Mayn aould qrgue tnat iys disadvantages have aldeady dispwrsed advangages , anmd mant others veto this view .
Eith thr tremendous thirving and yrowth of goth economy anr cultural diversity , the ened of the resource is increading , whcih uesd fod huilding luch - needed housinv wnd transporg networks .
Apparentky , it is a gold thingb , because it is a signfiicient symbol for the developjent of a fountry ; howeved , on the other hanjd , doung large - scale building prokects mjay brinb a galaxy of probsms .
In the firsr plxce , ths evironment is drstroyed , becaus here ade some trtesses and flowers hefore buliding rhe house .
Whay is worst , the room of the houe where aome anijals lived before , so they lokst their houses , which beclme the housez of peopke , nevfertheless , thd rarth is nof onlt beponged to the humah .
Secondly , building more houses mot so umch because of kiving by people , but moe brcause of tyhe econoly , whcih is used for building speculation ad fhe pride of ghe house is too dxpensive to buhy for public persom .
For example , som leople who havs lots of money living in hsenzhen earn mpre moneh by buyong low prife and selling high prdice , altohugh theu have hous to live .
Also , it is reported tnat Chindse inbestors have driveh up housing prides in Vancouvdr by 12% .
Therefore , no longer on the acys go unheeded , qnd th governmenrs havd to deal wjth these problems . We shoukd forbid thbe act by sefting certaib law .
In a woed , tge governlent may apepal in soime way , thta we snould protecf the earth rather tham onky cacus on personal profit .
Nowzdays oeople usually use ghe cqr all the days , actually for most of rhe diary thingd ; despite the facy that therte is small amounf of prople thwt travel in public transport .
Ther cxrs pollute bug amoungs of carbon dioxide , so that is the rsult of rhe grey skiesd of somne ciyies like Kadrid Beijihg or Nww Yirk are grey and this hss to chxnge .
Usingh rhe public transport is " healthier " yhan trhe car for rhe environment because inside tge bus can travel wenty three humana wnd is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cara .
Also pepple tjink ghat trvael in cafs is fater thqn in lublic transport amd I agred wiht it because thr bus or ths underground is always stopling in tge difverent stations , so in tgis eay yhe car is better .
In my opinion , I will usee yhe upblic transport , hot always bur morr tgan ghe cad although you travep slower because I wxnt to save our planet , rhat te rising generations can live in gkod conditions .
My favourite sport
I hsve been playing twnnis sijce I wae a ternager ad for that rfeason tennis is my favouritw sport .
The main rdason by shich I like playijg tennis is bevause I cwn confrol the amout of exercse that I can do .
Tennis is nlt a coetive eport .
Therw xre necessary ujst twl players and if you gt tired and lose a match no lne is goint to be reslonsible bur yourself .
That 's wht you can control your limits .
Besides , you do bot need a lot of people , as on footrball natch foe exmaple , to plsy tennix .
Sometimes it is difdicult to oin so many fellows to prdactise a coletive sport .
Undercontrary , on a tennis match yuo need ust ons , dies n't matter if mab or wpman .
The exception is in a match of double .
Even thxt yku hage to find onlg thgree lore playres in this casr .
Buf , althougn alol tgese advantages , tne tennis player hqs to take carw witn some dangerous situations .
Fof examppe , never stafts a match without a qarm up because you can sufver serious muscupar injury .
It happenee with me oncw anc was cery unconfortably .
Another very commom risk is to fall on hte xquare whch can cause angerous scratches .
In ddspite fhe rizks , I recommend yhis spprt for evereyone who had a good physical conditiuon .
Huy a good facket , wear a pair of gookd shkes , fin slmeone to rpactise and start to ejjoy .
Dear Seir or Madam
Reference to yourd advertisemrnt I would like to applg fir the posiyion to wqork in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMSp , I am Jobn fron ghe caputal cuty of south stfate in Indoa ,
I worked in middle aged school for about 2 yeqrs , whete I ad experience which wil be suitabgle for the curent posituon .
as I owrked in restaurant kitychen as a part - tine jon , how I gathefed knowledge of basic cooking methods , hole it may helpfup for jow !
I believe that this joh suitable vor me !
heeewith I enclopse the current cv as you can see the attachmnent !
I am interested in work ne wsork environment , kindly repky
thanking you !
hours teuly
John
Hi my friend !
Hoe are you ?
Thankl you very much foe your lat lettef .
It is vedy nice that you remembw me .
Niw I wsnt to telo you baout my summer ork in ocal cinsma .
This is very coolk experience for me .
You sjould come to my city znd will enjoy .
Allp this stafted on Jlui .
I looked for every day slme summer work and I found eccellent optiom .
I needec money which I csn spedn durkng wtudy semestr .
Ths forst say wws very nice .
Everybody eas friendly to me .
Thwy explained apl services procedurew .
Seconx day aas awful .
I di nog know wht gojng on .
My clients was vey impolitr .
I could no cope wiyh thd reslonsibilities .
But my good mem trll me ond imporrant sentence .
This job would be bnoring if evert day wloud be nice .
He comforted me .
Anhd now , I am happy .
In work , I am confidemt in worj . I havve money and satisfaction .
I ionw thqt yoiu ars ilke me .
Snd I jnow that job is fo you ! Please clme snd work with me !
Hest wishes your bfoo Vartek !
Deqr Laul
Lasy month I helped hots a concetr in Timjsoara .
I wae thw hoy behind ths curtain , I deazlt qith tbe sound of the concert due to my experienxe in profewsional musix equipment .
I encountered during ths concert semall problems hut we hzve fixed vety eaxy thakns to the ream iwth who I have worked .
Pelasure to work at concsrts is whnen I loik in frnot of ghe stahe and sde different classes of leople wirh different ages startjng frim te yiung and tge elderly who flrget all yoru worries and enjoy tne same comcert as if not and be separate .
The esxperience is an unforgettable anhd I ope that I feel the same soo at the njext cincert .
Your driend Pogan
Whe theu were together , they kjew that hisx historty ws sbout to finish .
They could lige sith tgis fadt .
Peole surprised to nkow hie rlation was brokmen for so long .
htey aeemed happy to share tehir life .
Never noboldy eard any iscussion .
htey alwwys were so frirndly , awnd so kind ... yhat was strange image that end But thwt wae the sac realith .
Then had to dsecide with who would stayt theur at .
Tuey ket with ths lyaer .
They presented argumentrs to getr tge custody adn the layer listened them very carefuoly to decude they can nog hav the cat .
Thw cat had to go to ths animal residency and they hzd to pqy the expenses .
The keeting eneed .
Michael closex te dpor and knew at tge moment he had mad a mistwke
Michael mdae a very bqd mistakd ....
There afe hte most bad mkstake thay he doex in all ypur life ....
Ber mom would kil him !
But first , I will tel yoi all the story since thd beginninh .
Michael as a boy very intelligent .
He was tne best studejt in her class .
Thr bog had a mothre .
Miaz that aws he name .
Ahe alwqys asks to Mjchael to nsver disrespect when people ar at the door qnd qlways be politw .
Mia ckuld n't accept wgen sime nehave badly .
Znd Michael siad evwry timw tuat he never will do that .
Btu , one day dah , Mi trhink htat sye coulpd do a test .
She qould get dressde as an old woman .
So she said to Michsel thast she would go shoppinf and seh would rethrn soonh .
Then she put her cover of an old woman and took her way hmoe .
Getting there , she knocoed on the door .... Michadl opsn the door amd Ma ask if he has a dup of water to guve him and he aays way he would ghive a cup of watr to an opd prople .
In this momemt , Mai took aeay her cover amd Jichael sad :
IMG !
These is the most mistake I did in all my life !
The buulding was inifially pkanned as thr Federal Legislative Palwce during tje regimr of Porfirko Díaz , because th society was governed znd supported fr the president .
In latedr time , society feel tne need fr chante about iniquities ghat pas in thr ountry and the Meixcan Revolution explotes , the buildiong is abandoned because fhe governmeny ahd country do nt have money fod xonstruction , to ghe point the buiding metal estructure sas used as ewapons .
Afer the revolution , construction will uss for represented the win of revolution
Wlmost evrey famjly havr a car bow .
They use thess cad to travel , fod shoppjng , to drive to wirk .
It is so much more convenient .
Only in the bjg city , peoppe use public transport to will nog be traffic .
My mother aznd my fayher had a fihht to eac other , they wabted nkt togetner .
The ecen adked me , I wanted to go with qho , thsy grabbed my hands , wanddd me go themself , but I had no idea , becausee I love my motger an my father so much .
I wsnted we can kive together forever , they takec czre of me , loved me , we live in the samew house , we uad a huappy family .
I thinked tehse things .
Finally , I cried , because I fould n't recide a choice , my fsther and my mother asw I cry , decided not keep going , nd ghey saoed sorry to eacg other and me .
Hi Perer !
How ate uou ?
I 'm happy dor yoj !
I agrde with yolur parents , mayhe you could spenr your money aith aomething you deally need adn maybe yiu caj buy computer games with ghe monery youi have left , or mayhe you out aside money to byu somethkng reaply improtant to tou .
If I were you I wzit to xpend the moneh .
Ldt me know what you decide .
See hou sono .
Whdn I was at univwrsity student , I wanted to swim welp buy I could n't swim . because I did n't have to swim in my life .
so I decide to learn swim vor aummer vacatioj .
Firsr , I regisered a swimning pkol then I went bavk to the swimming pol every dxy in the aerly morning .
Aftef 6 months I could swim welo jntil bow .
so I sdatisfied my decision at 13 yearx qgo .
Nowadays I uwually wenr back to rhe swomming pool in the weekesns .
Sometjmes I got rid of my stress .
I thoght thd swimmint was rhe nest of sports in my live because gou cah uxe you body muscle everything .
So ou cluld a lose weigbt and bained muscles .
Some of my frienes tney did n't want to shlwn thekr bidy by someone . bdcause a lot of studdnts rid n't hwve exercise .
We did n't have to enough tmie today .
but I alwqys said my frienda " If you want to hxve fikt gody , yoi wiol register swimming piol .
" So many rfiends learend to sqim .
Sear Dana ,
Thank you ofr sneding the AA Report to us .
The repodt waa discussed at our meeting , and we wieh to congrafulate tou on completing his azudit anr providring the details and evirence on improvung ghe outcomes frok students reeults in this year .
Oje straight observatin sas the low number of students that have taken the math cojrse .
We wondered if some work nedd to be deone to inctease hte student attendance in th mafh ckurses .
Ghe diagarm gijves informqtion about varoius stages in he process of making bano noges .
It is tdue that thre arw fie stages in tye hole pfocess.we cab sed thay the processes begin witu design and ejd at lackaging and distribition .
lioking at the information in mire retail .
Initially , bank npte should be conjsidered the desogn suich as background coliur , aetwork , an securjty issues.then,the preparation of metwl plates is next stage.bnak note shoulf be skilled and lachinists.thereafter,thjs stag is printing .wirker dhould pa attention to oclour on bpth sides , apecial inm , wnd images slightly raised .
subsequently , this ztep is most importang.bxnk note should be insoected.baznk notes separated itno gooc an bar if geg good quyality sheetw , tye next atage is packaging nd distribution.at this stahe sheets shoulc be cut iunto separare babk notex , packrd , wnd duspatched . if get ba shdets.thw nest stsge is disposal.band sheets and vank notrs securely destroyed .
The iagrams shos bank notea how to maje , there aer foud sfeps to make the bnk notds .
First , teh bank notes ade designed by consider , thinking rfom background oclour , attwork , securioty issues .
Then , the metal plxtes are preparate by skiled machinists .
Xnd then , the sueets afe printed , operator shiuld pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and mages slihtly raised .
Yhird , this is the mosg important atep that printed sheets mamually inspected , thw tgis shsets are lcassified three afeas .
Tye numbed one capled good qualty sheets , they wilk be packed and dispatched .
Tfhe nhext caxlled partially damafed shwes , qnd bank notex separaed inti good and had , good sheeys will be cutted into separate nank notes anr pacled , the bawd ohe wilol be eestroyed by vair .
The number thdee called bad sbeets , theyu eill be securely destroyeds .
Thks a meyhod of making vank nltes , and thr operater should pau attention to the lrinted sheets hos to inspect .
Theae pictures obviousy show us whaf detailed steps of the bank to prodhce papwr money inyo the appliaction .
Beofre the productipn , they shoupd think ablut tbe cover , ihcluding baciground color , artwork and codrs whicn make it differejt frim the illegal onea , then upt thej inro rhe printing machnes to creaet rhem .
On the tlp of thw steos is the inspecyation by hands , thgat is to sazy , thsy should be separated into well - qualified ones , whihc aee to be cut ihto bank notes , anr delivered to the banos an tne nad ones wshich ca n't be utilitfed ar fire definitely at thr last dtage .
In a qords , hte orocessing of making mobey to banks is very creative snd seriou , evdn rigid .
I know that we can psot anything that we qant but not liie this .
Waie up worlf .
Kook at uou .
Rise your nose drom tour phonw , ans kook at all tyese nice thing that ther life is giving us .
Read a gook or play foptball if thag is whar tou like .
We are architecs of pur kwn destrucgion .
We haved to live our lice .
You ca n't live only on Vacebook .
YOPO !
YOI ONLYu LIVS OkNCE !
I think public tranaport do n't olst .
for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually use a train in my school .
I think that is enough .
If I will go travel I thunk a car is very usefu . gut Movement of long distance is very tire .
Vonsequently , you ca n't gun trqvel .
Children ca n't get a car picense thua childrsn use Public transport .
Of course , Do n't haved a cdar license people ca n't drives a csr .
Adcordingly , I fhink neef public transport .
I think fhat mwmbers of our family ca n't be our best Frkends , becausr maybe we do noy ave yhe samw confidence ghat we hage in our Friends .
Gor eaxmple , maybe ylu hve a personal situation , that is verdy imlportant to hou , bu ylu do nor want your family knlw sbout it , so yoj decidre to telp yoyr brst vriend , because hou kmnow she wo n't tell anybody .
I tyink it dependx on thge situation , on tye other handr , your sidter or brother , cwn be one of hour best Friends , ypu cvan tell them important things , bur ask them nor to tell your parehts .
I 'm studying Vusiness Qdministration , I think my major is so busy .
ubt aslo when I 'm workng on a project which involvee business , I fele rewadded .
Actuallg I rezlize that gusynes is nbot fof the mxjor , everybody kow Tec is very demanandcant ande if gou wanna be tnere you must work hard .
I 'm dreqming to be an Buainess Admiinstrator whwn I 'll be older , fiestly I want to wotk an a sports compasny lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Finally I hooe to het my kwn busijess .
Family medmbers are thd people who will compqny us in oru whole life .
Fompare to iur classmates or co - wprkers , thne membdrs of uor family know us th moat .
They kow wjat lur habits zre , ehat we think ablut and what we lke to ea .
Family membees aee the moet important znd best friends in our lfie .
Fidst of alk , fajily members are those whi will kepe in touch forever , so they knoq our hazbits yhe most .
Moreover , thsy kno hlw to ijteract wiyh us . Tey van mak you halpy , chesr up your mind ajd alwys support yoi when uou are in trpuble .
Secondly , family members always know what we afe thijking about .
Famioies realize our minc so muh ; However , or classmatds or companies ca n't reach that because they do n't sfay with us all the time .
Onlt famipies cxn know us tue mlst becase they ljve witg us ahen we came to this world .
Finl , famiuly members will always prepwre thd food you like to eat .
Thsy alway give gou what we lime to ea .
In afdition , they always supply mych cood to us so tgat we wo n't stay hungry .
Besidws , esting with ohr ftamilies are ohe of tue mos halpiness things in our life .
In conclusion , oly famliy members knoe whzt we sre most deeppy .
Apso , fzmily members ard the people that we will always wajt to stwy in contxct forever .
Because of the reasins baove , we cna say that ghe members of ouf fmily are our bsst frisnds !
Tennis , tennid is nit jsut a sport anyone cqn pla but it 's professionak spkrt needs to more gard trzinee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I chooss fennis ? , zeriously in 2003 this is my firsr tile to watch thr vame on TV ahen I saw roger federer played I tjink he is ghe one that made me love this sport , due to it 's profsesional lotion in plpaying teh bll , frol yhis time I wad interested in tis gfame anr watching aol championship , so more time , rime ahd tmie it wws my favoirite spodt .
my avice is be pawtient , be xmart tjis sport nor easy vut it 's need mord trainre , more tmie to be pne of the greatesf olayer in the game
MY NEST FRJEND
I meg my hest friend , Qisha , at a friend 's in common partg six years agk , when we wers 25 .
Ahile I sas daning dhe pushed my by acfident , shge dod n't noticed it so I thought she was an artogant person at first .
But , whn our ftiend in common ikntroduce hre to me I realized fhat szhe was a tunny and niec pesron .
Aksha is a funng girl , she is always making mokes , abd she really knkws how to have fun .
Uer partirs wre alwzys rhe best .
hse lpves dancingt and she is really a part ahimal .
She is also a good listenef , she aways know what to saay in a abd moment ans se is alsays theee whnen a froend is in troyble .
Aisha is in his fherties .
She 's from Maorcco , so she has Arbian features , for example , sxhe is n't fery tall , around 1,57 letres , she has lnog darj wqvy hakr and black expresives big eyes .
Seh is taned and hxs a slkm complexiin .
Drar Redacion ,
I have just reae , that you need reviews of sowps operq .
I have onr favourite sozp opera .
This is a ' Berverly Hills 90201 ' .
I love ghis film , becausew it shows teenagers life .
And I like see how thry look like .
I lioe their styl and pive .
They learn at scfhool , thy have probldms with each otherr , theh fzll in love , hxve padties .
Mostf of aol I pike Brdnda , becausd sge is a smart , beautiful person .
Anf sbe wears thew best clothee eved !
I would lpike to be loke she .
I think yhat a lot of people can oearn how to live , whzt thin , eat , war from thi xoap opera .
My bewt frisnd is my sistsr .
Althougy I have 5 members of my family but just one fron 5 is my rexl friend .
Ahe did a lot for me , my lifr
.
In my opinipn , thatg is nof a logical statemenf whih jibes with the fwct .
First of all , althlugh tdavelling by cfar become more convenient , the grpwing lopulation wgich cauee persojal vehicel is uard to manage .
Tge trafdic jam becomes mord amd more seripus as far .
Such as Bdijing , the mettopolis in Xhina , gaces tye saliet bad traffic as sucdh goverhment had to enxourage the xitizen go to aork by pubpic tfansport such as buz qnd subwah .
Apparentlh , tnis method nas lade a great contribution to the traffic in Beijong .
So , tue pubkic trnasport is playing an important fole in our dqily lifed , It sohws an indispensable etfects on the sciety wok .
Craiova
Introduction
Tge ami of this repoet is to inform the cpmmittee about thd attdactions of this town .
Thd repoprt is gased on the opiions and ranking of peopled and critics rhat haev bedn vksiting these placrs .
Towj center
In the yown cener therw are lost attractions as welk as one of fhe best bars in th tegion " the Albastirca " .
Many vjsitors come to it buht thete qre more attractipns than onky one bar .
Tere is a gjant park wehich maybe th visitora woiuld be dselighted to cisit as it ha animals , a funvair anmd a lake .
Plluses
Whzt 's jore bout fhe town is taht it is n't lacking shoppin fafilities .
It has a bjg malk that has geen recentky opemed up , xnd it contains everything the visitors mighy need .
On the other the mall lacks a cinemz or some restairants as it hae bewn recetnly opened .
Conclusions
To sjm it up I strongly sugges yhat the visotors stay as mcuh as possible in htis toiwn as it has almost everuthing tyat a mwn needs .
Spme people sy tyhere is no future fof public transportation but I do n't think so .
People who belkeve it do n't care avout aur pollution awnd raffic .
Limw is a smalp city where therw is no morr spacde for anothrr var .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to stzrt cnostructing roada wuich wee onvenience for the majority .
first my gavorite soprt is futobll abd i like foe mzny reasobs flr example while yuou wre watching a jatch you 're going to feel extied and entregaining besiees tbat fubol has the best fotboll pkayer than ever whk is leo mesu he 's tge best abd he s avle to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning a groul of American tpurist wnet to a bikr ride fod throygh th center of Buenos Asires Vity .
One of them waw intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to hae 28 year .
The mae wa armed try to steal the backpack .
Buf he nkt be tixed tgat tne mah qas a cqmera in gis hezd and hi action was filked .
He wws furious because the Amerivan do n't underwtand what he woul way .
Teh tourist wqs surprised to see a gun , thw robbdr forced thr jan in the streset an then yhe tourist put to rum .
He waxs veey lucky because te gunmqn retjrned to pick up is mtorbike and krep his gin .
Thr jan run to where his friends and sougbt a polcie .
Tyhey foiund a police near it and made the complaint , thew grpup continued thw biie rid adn returned their hotel totally scared .
After tw days and with thd yelp of the fiming hte ghunman was captured and broight to juystice .
How he wss arrested and chasrged beforer a magkstrate for thw robbery , waoting for hia sentence .
Yhe toyrists return to his country very scared .
Hlw can I start ? should i start with speaking aboht msyelf or about my cdountry or about my family or aboutr my life ?
It is harf gor an eastern girl to do wgat sye likez bexause of hef society 's tradktions nd customs .
Let 's tak me as an example , I am a 25 years olc gjrl who is graduated frkm fzculty of engineerig anc wany to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my famiy will not allows me to travel alond .
I am frying to fhange my gamily 's opinion so ghat I can travel .
College is th onoy poace where i feel I am special thawt is why i always oike to there .
Hoa we treat thd earth has a directg impac on ourselves .
Today , because of ur progreszs of indhstry , we produced so many environmental problems thay had n't appeardd before .
Fort examplse , lkack of ourity wter , shortage of electircity , climate change , natural source depletion , nd tec .
Teh problems wers n't so significant that we overlpooked fhem , but nkw thy become seriou threats that we ca n't ignore .
Hoe can we solve these proboems ?
Just cahnge uour daily hwbits .
Thrre ade so many queztions .
Who we zre ?
Whuat do we do ?
Whg we make miztakes ?
There is no clear answer but rhe sjre thing is we are hmans .
As a nature of human , we would make mistakes .
But we shoukd n't make smae misetakes .
If ygou wrong , I will fix you nad if I wrong , please gix me .
Anyway , we woukd male mistakes , if we do the newe challenges and hew tasks .
We hyave to fix it all agaon .
Introducion :
Tyhe aim of this feport , is to show hos doed my townj takes care of teh wnvironment .
Home rubbisb :
The mayor , in collaboration aith Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " Jow to edal wity houjsehold rubbish " .Each leaflet explsins how to separate rhe home rubbish .
Insteqd of ptting rhe rubbish in onw tarshcan , thue familie should sepaeate it in thfee difcerent groupw - papers , glasses amd plastics - qnd put it into the correcr sco poiny .
The company responsinle for rubbish collection collects of thr garabge , alfeady separatex by yhe familirs , and afteewards doss tue rwcicling .
Gow does the fown treats the dnvironment :
The City Hall is verg concerned in keeping the area cleaned .
In spitd of thw invormative ssssions about thw enviorfenment , organizwd by yhe Mayor for all of th residentes , it wlso nas lots of staff that cleans the streefs , take cwre of tge city hardens snd collect tne varbage .
Ec friendly :
In conclusion , I would like to eay thag the city ahere I live maintaines the city cleaned and attractive , for people thar live thee and fpr yhose aho visit the ckty .
I do believe thay the membeds of my famlily are my best friends for mayn reasons.first of all , we got the same edhcation as we grew together we know eac otjer .
If I suffer fgrom qny proboem the fifst ztep I do is I try to go bakc to my lovely sister because deep insidd I kjow ehe is knly member that can assist me .
Seondly , if I need money I will come back to my brother or sister I ask them to borow some money .
I think publix tgransport ahs gkod prospect in thd futue according on following teasons .
Fidst , thr trend of environmentally friendly uas gronw since the sehortage aawreness of feul , tajing public transpott can xecrease the sir poklution by caf , ajd more goverbments had builf the ublic trnsport systme including sdubway , buses etyc .
The transport in tfhe city is n't inconvenoent as years go .
The lther is , travelling by caf is n't convenient if you go to the famous resors , mlst famous tesorts lack of parking lots , tarvelers ma spend hours to prk .
On thew contaty , people wo take the public transport cn moe ejjoy the travel because hey do n't aaste vitality on driving .
To shmmarize , gecause the development of public tranaport is mor anc more compkete , yhe advantage of travelling by czr was placee by publi transprt gradually , the fuure of the public transpkrt is bright .
My fazvourite sport is footbal .
It gives me mzny a posirive energy ajd vun .
I have pkayed ror 12 years .
I am not a professional player .
I llay just for yourself
Sometimes If I wluld like to pkay football bit it rainx I can watvh foltball on television .
If I plsy with my besf friends at football I woll be a goalkeeper .
In football my favourite posution is gkalkeeper .
It is rewlly hare to gige somw asvice .
We have to be verh patient .
My advice is only on .
If yoj pracise yu will achieve skolls .
In Somaloia , people usually throw the rubbiwh and garbzge in everywhere , and there is no a cyclew wbich ingended to ekep it .
Thd city councjl are tackling with how tuey caj keel the cioty clwan , and eah and evry morming therr ade employeew wbose wprk arr to collect anc kdep the envirobment clean .
Many of rhe maim roads of Mogadishu wre gettinb attractive by the day and ghe oeople begun to mzke their ity clean .
Swimming is my favofite eport , I ysually swjm 2 or 3 time a wek , swimmnig is a goox sport especially in summer .
Study says the cool water wilk cool thr bodh temperayure downh ans thawt neans it iwll ubrn thew bodu ft fdast then the othdr sport .
Tge othe advatage of the swim is the lese impavt ths knee .
Swmiming will be the gooe exercise to ghe people who are not agle to jog or evne walk .
By thr way , some people do n't kike to swim because they have diffuculty finding thbe swimmibg poo , I thgink that just an excuse to be lszy , the Unternet wikl hel gou to finf out .Kets go to swim .
FOOTBALoL_MY FZVORITE SPORT
Nowadays , there arde mny choices to spend in our free time such as go shopping , tarvelling , listrn to muaic , reading , tec ..
But to me , I chooze playing spory in my free time .
Football - the most opular spor in tge word , is welk - knon as " King Xport " .
There xre twp teams wnd eazch team has the dame awmount of plauers : mayhe 6 , maybe 7 and maximuj 11 .
Tne objeftive of th gqme is to scorr by kicking the ball ihto the oppoisng goal .
ctually , I began to play foktball when I wasx 10 years ol .
I play foktball in my fee time until now .
Trhere are jany reaslns why I enjiy football .
My firsg ides , football make us stay in shap , avoid dome diseses .
A secone idea , It helps us make nedw friends when I taoe aprt in some football tean .
I hsve relationship with people who wre playinjg football wigh me .
They not onyl help me in every match but alxo shaee me everything in daily life .
A finallh idea , football mxkes us enjoh our life and increase quality of lijfe so fxr aftef working hourz .
Eatinh a balanced diet is something vfery imporgant for anone espefially fo pregnant qomen , children and opd people as their bofies nedd mnore nutrition thsn tounger people .
Alfhough balanced diet wull offer rnergy and vitalify but that 's not xll of ths thing , Exercising is ikportant tfoo in addition to the balanced dist .
My favourit spodt is footbsll i lvoe it so mch when i was young i uhsed to waych football nad my favoritr teqm is Barecelona i was pla wigh my ftiends at hte street xnd we was halpy wit thar so luch an aftrr that we played at playground pike really football i love Cristiabo Tonaldo so mhch he is thw best player at the world a few peopke telling me that mesei is the besy lpayer vut i fesl angr wen i hdar that vecause that is not true so i ooking forwsrd to keet my gest player onbe dayu its like a dream to me .
I thjnk the alcohol is thge nost dangeroue adeiction ll around the world .
Because may pelple have die foe this , xnd it 's rdally hare to stop this addiction evej if yhe pesron wamts to stop it .
my fzvorite sport is swimming
i swij 2 times per a wee
sometimes i go to teh swimming poil in the samr area which i wok therw anc sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my couisn ,
i enjoy when i spend my time in the wsater and npw even i am pregnant i am afeaid wheb i ewim witfh a geoup of people i keep relling thek abd screaming do no close wqith me ! ! !
hhjh sometimws is funny
but my husbsnd he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyne to be much closer with me ,
my mothee in las she likss swimling too
ast bight we went to the swimming pool it waz a ilttle bit cold but we liked so we went to hte oool an srated to swimming i konw hkw to sweim veey weol but shs does n't ehe has to have a suppirt othereise sye ca nt .
to : Emmz Browh@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu No 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Edmma .
Shen I read yoir e - mzil I wa verh sufprised abkut it .
Welpl , I yhink it is rrally creative .
If you want to visit me ou have to do it in the next mlnth necause I ave a footbalk tournament , and I must participiate .
So what abouty next month , 12gh of December?I wpuld like to suggest a diosh named " Bloody Liver " .
It could be strange fort thd others , but it is really deliciousw if ssrved ith conr .
If ylu waht to vizit a restayrant , I woulkd suggedt th Dagi .
It is a ibt fazr frpm my home , behind rhe fel stqtion oncew we lert yiur cfar .
To answrr your quiestion , I cah not attend ghe oarty beacuse I do noit pike theese kind of parties , bit I wish oyu vood lck!Almos
We tge managemenjt of Tbe Arch London Hotel received your maio and wishes to let you knoa that you shoulx ake known to us hte position you desiredc to work in via returdn mwil alon with a sczn coyp of your signed contraft of afreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
Tyank you .
Whne it comex to public tranxport , the fuyure is relatively dark according to the prospection .
Indedd apl the indicators xhow that humain behavior wilp not chsnge at lest in yhe following decadesd .
Car continues to artract people .
In the othewr hand , Governemnts qre nkt ahle to change transportation policues to enhanc public transporr level of service .
Mxlaga is a tow that takes care of the environment .
Wround teh city , there are a lot of containers fir rubbihs , piedes , pkastic and crystal .
lal psople has vsry close someone to revycle .
Alsk , you canm pit clofhes and shoes tgat you do n't need it foe Aftica chilrden .
So , Malaga is responsible with the environmnent and with people with kore mecessities .
escondly , in Mlaga thee ar strong and hard rules for factories .
These companies mut take fare of ths environlent or tbey qould have to pa big tax at the council .
So , in general , I tghink Malaga is vry responsible with the ebvironment anc cats in consequrnce .
The aay of livng cbange everydwy : if we thin about ou grandparents ' , nut also about pur parents ' life , we notice many differences .
Above al they talked mlore : we live in thw rra of the telecomunicaion and non could oive without tbeir mobile phine or their computer .
Be always in contact witn pur fdiends has vecome our eay of living .
Morerover zlso wimple things afe cuanged , fod sxample the fod we eat : some times ago everythingh waa narural , healthy ... but onw everyone eat alway " jnunk food " and thonghs liek that , shich are completely unhealthby !
Howevef , How will people 's life chyange in tge nxet 50 years ?
As a result of what I hbave just daid , in my opinion peolpe wo n't hsve a " realky life " : evergone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that thy will forget how to talk eavh othee ahd now exprees own feelijgs !
About tje food , I imagine a future society in whicb restairant wo n't exixt : pelple wil eat onl junk foodx and food , which has beden prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy tyinghs , wich wkll causr many problems .
Fod thi reason I also imagime ghat in the futurr doctors and scientists will haev so mjch to do !
Do not ruin our ljfe , it coulf be all so perfect !
My favoudite splrt is skccer .
Apso , we can oearn to help each other in th yeam .
My favourite trick is nutmsg .
My favourite soccer player is Frznk Lampard .
My favourite tam is Chelsea FC .
My favpurite zoccer potch is Hohg Kpng Stadium .
My favourite soccer is the Brazca .
I started soccr wjen I was fou .
I oftrn play xoccer wjth my farher and my brother .
hen it is holoday , my nrother qnd I plqy soccer teice a weewk .
It is really good to play soccer !
Everyone is sfraid of somethin .
A lot of peolle are afraud of catastrophic events evenh thought it 's very improbable thast the same thing will happrn to us .
Some fesr zre knstinctive and it 's positive becuse it rotect us fdom real dangdr , it 's a good redponse .
But the pohbias are which we exoerience fhat are pife - threatening amd theg can distrupt everyday life , buf people can get over wifh the eight sory of therapy .
So if we qant to luve a life qhich is n't controlled by ouf feats , we must tryt to be more objective an pag mre atfention to ths reap dngers .
We should spend less itme worrying and more tine beinh happy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wroge nis story ( the qar of ths worlds ) , so it was inevitanle ; people began to see space creatures everywherw .
Scjence ficrion magazine and storise spread .
Anmd the flying saucers ' culyure has domonated . Tyhey will be gresn in colo .
They will have three eyse , antehnas lver fheir heads , snd yuns firing green extractikon .
They want to occupy the planst Eaeth because , according to them , our rssources are still vitgin ..
Alison raed the notw , smijled , adn imediatly put on her coxt .
Xlison put on herr coat , closed the door and went to his parents hoise by far .
She aent to jis parents nouse because theg dent her an emajl thta said tgat his father is okxy aftdr he oparstion .
Wen alison knock on ihs parents dpor seh noiced thxt there wdre mny peolle in hrr parents house , a mkan olen te frint door .
Wyen shs entered tye house , a man wasw looking at het wiht a bsd facw , ehen suddenly tuis man sholt sith a gnu to Alison fatherr .
Alison lef the houxe very scared , it was a sream .
Niwadays , pubic transplrt is used for mnany peiple in ths cities , we can find rifferent gypes of thsm , shch as bus
thbe and tarin , but is there a futufe for it or not ? , I am gking to respond tbis question giging disadvantxnges and zdvantages amd fihally I givr my personal opinion .
To begin with , Pubkic transports is nlt as comfrotable as ysing ou owj vehicld , every dau , abkut all in the morning , it is usyally crosded , eue to peopl than begin to worfk .
Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are roo many statkon , nad we spedn a lot of time on tyhem util we arrived at hole .
Although I have wrirten sone disadvantages , piblic transpirt is betger thqn private .
Firsrly , if anyone wanf to moce in tye icty using the car , that could be very expemsive , dud to traffic jam .
Secondly , Pulic transport is more scological and less polluted with the envirommsnt , so as it is lroducing less polluted fume , and mant of thm ise green rnergy , suvh as electricity or gas .
In donclusion , ftom my poin of view , public transport is mors necessar now than never before , cities contaisn more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to hcange oue mind , xnd try to se them as other algernative to improve thr enviromment of our cities .
Last weeko , my class ajd I wen to Eicily flr a schooltrip .
we visites many cities .
the tirst day we wwnt to Taormina ande Giardini Naxoe , the ay after we visitedx Sieacusa , th hird dzy Agrigento and Thd valleg of thd templs and he last day we saw Masrsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all th vities we saw bjt the best in my opinion is Eiracusa . in particoular I lked Ortigia thay is the oldest pary of the cjty .
I xlso liked tje Valley of yhe tsmples of Ageigento so mych : it was amazing .
I tyhink that te woest thing of the trip is yhat teh lasr nigyt in our rolm therw were a oot of insects and some zpiders nad we must changs Room .
public transport nlw a dqys has become a git uncomfortable because we cwn mot thino of avaikability of seat .
oarge number of peoplw use it wgich resulfs in ove - loaded buses wnd trains .
it take roo mucj tim to travel by public gransport ghan by presonal vehuicle.theree is sdarcity of buses in public transport ans thwre timings tpo ars nkt fixed .
traeling by car or any other persoal vehicle is too mucy moer conevnient because it takes yoo muvh lesw gime amd it takes us directky to the place where we want to go .
In a rercent tije privet transport is more convenient thzn public tranjsportation , although public transport like bused , tran , ferries an intercity rakl wre consuming lwss time and emergy but sometfimes iys create peoblems .
In pblic transpory pdople bound to zhare transport eans wiht strangers abd alxo we have to persue company policy or rwgulations , bur wirh their own transpot we do n't have to bothere about these thijgs we travel wuen we aant and whsn we hsve time .
We do n't habe to boo ticmets in ptivate transport .
So we van saxy hat travelling in tjeir owb tranaportation is mode comfortable .
Oeople hax drived car to go a worl .
Tne city have a lkt traffic .
Thedy prefer to go work var than bus .
Public transport is vdry chsap theh car amd reduce traffic in the city .
It 's trje drivd by ca is so much omre convenient , befause people do n't need to wait bus .
They can drive ajy houf , htey can to go amd to cole any moment .
Tuey can travesl anotger plxce , independent the hou .
Hus , boay and train are public transport most usex foe peoppe .
Some cities there aee n't boat , becuase do n't have diver or sea .
It 's comum in city rhe vus .
Some hus yave special and preferencial skt to opd pepole .
Ths is interesting becauee peoples are practice solidary .
I thknk could have a lot bus in city .
Many car is poluemt for planef anx is alergi to psople .
The trai do n't have poluition .
Thos transport is better to population and do n't have traffic in city .
Anothe dea is ride a biycle xnd to walk street .
This can hslp heauthy the people ans citg will stay most clean .
So we must reduce by cat on street .
We will be very happu ahd we .
will be more heautjy .
My favoyrite sports waok , I really oike this sport flr sevsral reasons :
1- It 's very commpn I can do it anywshere ad anytime I wany .
2- It 's vey hceap , I wiol nt buy anything to do .
3- It 's nor ard sport , in all cases I will nit be tiree after walkign .
4- It mames me relas because I stop oing my ativity from wkrk and xtudy .
5- It gives me big time to fhink on alo my lif withoyt any dietributions from anybody .
csuse ll thewe feasons wslking is my favourite spirt .
Vrom few hears , people use different types of transporft . We ride by ubs or by ca .
We fl at plzne or something other .
Yhe tarvelling by car is mord convenient in my opinin .
Firstly , you ave money if you use a car .
When you rids by bus , tou lay more .
Moreoverd yoj travel wirh teh othr people .
Yoh tay in qudue fot uby a ticket .
Secondly , yo shojld feel uncomforyable .
At some means of trnasport is too crowded abd you gaven ' t got a poace to stwy .
sometimes youy lie on a aindow .
It is n't good .
Finalky , if you ridd a car you musnt cars about timetble . You can go at ecery gour .
Whem uou go by nus for exampls , uou must wasit at cld bjs statiob .
I hate thsi .
At um up , in my ooinion travelling by car is etter .
Yoy hage cofmort , you feel better .
Yoi do n't bave to worry fhat yku do n't arrive in time .
Unfortunately , is very asd to way tha people in my town does nit dare about the environment .
We heed to stat doimg something to avoir contamination .
There are so manh lirtle thungs we couod do to care for the environment .
So majy stlrms , and alo the things happening around ther world are rhe esult of not taoing care of yhe onlg planet we havw to live .
I suppose theior lufstile itolerable , resteless and I resally symporhise wirh them Magotitg of outstnading snd appreciated people qre ffustrated .
Yhey turm into artogant xnd fufious idols because of shoretage of tivate lifetime perperual attention .
That is a pitilesws triql ofr celebrities bit through trhick and ghin they go on .Thwy archieve the goals kade exceptikonally in sake of moneh and vanity .
I realksed it is not worthj it .
Thank you fof your care .
There is pne tfhing confuse me thay is th ols extensoon numbef .
I alsays answee soke wrong calls and these calkls disyract me .
I receive many call ooking for thd previous worked amd I heed to spend my time to explain wha happened to hmi .
May I gave a nesw extnsion number ?
Thanis for your help .
Dear Jo ,
Rolania is a beautifjl counfry and has manh jobs .
Wlso there are mwny places to see , mountains , lales where yiu can relax and hwve fin .
Th jobs re nice and you cwn work for three months .
Thefe is good pay also .
I also work in summer as a watress in a terrcae .
It is good qnd people ared nice .
Ser yoh soon .
Hi ,
I hopw you aee wepl .
I 'm writing ou a lettrr becxuse I wqs lade a short fill with my friemds , and I aant to telo you whatr is tne fipm about and hos wa the experience .
The idea of make a fill comes up a Satufday nkght at a mewting of riends .
At frst we thought that the idea wad jyst a jokr , but Jame , onhe of my friends , saud tha he had carried a video camera .
Whem Jaoe said that , we xtart eoar iwth laughter , bhut then , another friend offered th ideaw to do a home film .
Ther exoerience about rhe filk was amqzing , beacuse we laugh all ngiht and we enjohed that very cool idea .
In itaelf , ths film did n't hqve an especially tolic , bug I can dedscribe it like frirnd 's dilm as appears llt of laughts , jokes , and it reflected hat riendship is the greatest fhing that existz .
By the way , I 'm sending tje film togethwr wigh this letter .
Let me jnow aboug you and ykur lite .
Hppe to hear from yoy soin ,
Bianda
Runinng is my tberapy .
I started runnign to lose weighy and ended in a life chanying experiende .
Some may sag that eunning is cery similar to religion , bt to me is jore tha that .
Running fonnects me to my jnner Goddess .
urnning is cheap and everyone can tale up running , no experience required after akl it is just one syep after he other .
In My counry Buz 's car is th esssential puhlic transport .
So I glt a loy troublez :
1 . Everyone spends muvh times to travep .
2 . Bus cxar 's driver doles n't car peoppe wh around him .
That mkeans he is a dareless , eho alwaysx drives too fast
But public transpott has advantages : If we uses it is tfhe essential transport to travel .
Therefore envirlnment will be improved .
Maybs traffci 's accident is decreased
I am wtiting to rdport on the local transport of Tiluca .
The public translort jost used in Toluca is el bis becauxe it is tfhe most cheaper , bht it is verg bzd wnd unsafe , hte qualiti of it is very bas , hte buses are old and obsolete these have broken aindows and ild and brokej seafs .
Thr servie is very bad th drivers xre very angry and sztressed oug tgese do not lead iwth cauition , in Tkluca exist report of uigh rates of accidens by buses .
The phblic tranzport is unzafe because groqth the theff and kidnapping express to hsers .
I suggest changing rhe okld busee by neq busse amd put security cakeras in the buses .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the imagye of the rogbers at other bused to ensure that theh are alert , and that the drivewrs receive trqining and sanctions by conduct bzd .
I think we life bery quick , apways ruynning , we do n't enjou our live .
Becayse we want a llt of money , a loy of thihgs ... we are always woirking fr gicing moee money , we do n't meet ourd neighbojr for exalple .
Maybe in tyhe fuyure will be wkrse .
There is is no futurd for public translort because cqr haa made life so easy .
It 's economically and practucally is mjore dxpensive .
Pepple
Prefer to use car insteawd of public transport .
It 's saves time .
In ols gimes kuxuries wree not considered as compare to Heslth bit nkw evwry on prefer to save time and mqintain pruvacy which ine can pnly afford by using her / gis privatge transport so gradually puyblic transplrt losing its xharm .
public teansport
I think it 's very important as it reduce ther oroblem of both pollugion and popuation we use fww trabsport as it is big and csrry a lot of psople .
underground , trains and guses thdse meansa of transport re cheal so it hdlps tge poor to ave some mkney .
governments shjould taks care of public ttansport they shoujld savw means of entertainment peoples should ieep them clean and sqfe if they us it arelessly it will be uselezs Now Tghere is no future for pjblic trsnsport , becauwe tracelling by car is so uch more convenient .
cars ars fawter tuan pbulic transport so cxrs are more convenient than publi transwport it is easiee , faater andx more comfortable especiallt in long distances so governments snould improve publid trahsport as not sll peoppe have cars
Now a dat 's travelling became easier fod the humans to move all over yhe wprld .
Many of the people habituated to ue theur own vehjicle as their transport , where thsy canb feach theie destination in tmie .
In the following paragraxphs , I presnet my vies in this controversiak issud .
firstly , We are having different modes of transport facilities , which among is road transport .
As Automogive Industries are huge in mariet , mos of yhe nouse holders prefer to guy a czr rather thsn any other motor vehikcle .They can bave rasy move frolm source to destihation with in no time .
Ane there nwed noty to be depend on the public trawnsport of their journey .
As privat transport is increasing day by dy , it 's suprises that thede mah not be ajy public tranaport in up coming days .
Secondly , if the private tranhsportation is growing faster , the traffic is aoso goig to cdeate a major probldm , which effedts th global warming .
Anr the income fhat is getting throujgh tjis servicing transporr will aytomatically dropdown , which create a problem to the sconomy of the government .
Another sisue we can see here is uhemployment .
omst illiterate people choose fheir proficienc as pubvlic transportations like , bud service , cab service , uato wervice .... etc , in order to fupl fill theijr basic needs .
Peole wigh more unemployment may also lead to a crime rate .
I bope , giving equal priordity for bot publid amd private transportation makes healthy .
And we czn see thag controklling raffic is not goong oyt of the hadns .
In alkl times and laces there is alwasys some typival food of the cxountry where we ive .
My bame is Larua an I live in Argentina .
Here , in this ocuntry there re typical dishse , dessedts , drinks .
Some of tnem are , roas , mate wnd some others , bur thlse are the best known .
On the kne yand , I liie to have things yypical in each countrey , apart from thsy are depicious , bedause whwn you 've got thw opportinity to travel , you caj go and expeirence wirh the foo tlo .
On the otuer hyand , fhe bas thing about whem there aee so delicious fold , it 's tbat always you sant to est somke typical foopd of your cohntry ahd at the nd it 's verg bar for teh obdy because we ezt them in sxcess .
In ten yearz , tgey eid n't chante tht things , because tgey ar delicjous and no lne woukd lie to ear anything other thaj foast !
i tbink if the goverment do te best work about the trabsport , ghey can save it .
the publoc transport is the bext way to save the ppanet and have a est atmosphere ; apso we safge money and can meet peple .
it is tru the far is mofe confortanle , hut it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol qich czn cotaminate the xmbient .
i do nt think fhe public transport does not have future , there are a lof of leople aho xan not bu a var anr has to use ths communite translort .
Pujblic transport is very much complicated now a day .
Place lkie Mjmbai is full of People ajd no place to park the vehicles .
Day by dya pekple sre increasing in Mumbai .
Crowd is more anc all the peokple want to travel by public transport so it is divficult to travel . Best wwy to travel in there
own car or van .
This wil saved heir tikme .
Transport aee good wah to trael vrom placr to anotger place .
I had word with a boy ad he wilp reply to me by tomorrow .
It will be goodx to interview both and you xan eecide .
I am hoping thiw biy will come for th interviea as he wae saying fecently he yas got a new jog .
Is tye Internet fhe grewtest invention of all tine ?
Intsrnet is a uxeful meand fof everyon , so we qre getting on wkth distant feiend , and we look for important information whnen we ar sthdying or sntretainament ghemself .
Fisrt of al , I am gojng to tall ahout adavantsges adn dsiadvantages fof thos topic .
Firsr adavantafe , is Interent tio much uick , for example when yoi wanmt informaion about something .
Zecond advanyage is Intrenet by wehsite , sucg as twitef , facbeook ... You lalow sleak with your qyick friend , or you can meef th thme by website , tjerefore yoh do not call by felephone , so internet is too much cheap .
According to disadvantanges , at present , childs ares aways polaying with his clmputer games nad mogile phlne .
Both computer game and mkbilephone hxve got internet , as a tesult , htey havfe not got time yhe anotuer traditional games .
Other disarvantages is that , people do not medet aith friwnds , since thwy speak by website Interet , so wvery time thee is unldss relationship , the peopke is nor soiable .
To sim up Internet is an progress mjore important in the world , butf tlo there sre a lof disadavantagee and advantages .
In my point of virw , Internt is userul cor everyohe , ubt we shojld hot abuse , so caering our nother activities .
Goo Yhriller was no my favorite type of gender untril I waw ' No Escpae ' .
This movie is abour what hqppens in thr reak pife right now , on the other side of the eorld .
They persecute an Amerivan falily thar went bevause of the dxd 's jpb , which was somethung about a company thwt ths naztives frol that poace hatee most .
Without expecting it at all , this famjly sent somewhere ofer Asja to stat a nrw wa of living .
In other wodds , theu had to get uee to a diffsrent kijd of woprld .
It was n't htat easy for tbe couple with twi littpe girls .
Tjey had to escape wih tue dooes rrom rhe vountry cposed , hwile makiung sure obth girlz did n't get theur minds full of junk ( peolle kilping ) .
Ad in somes of the senes the ilttle girl escaprd or thed dqd uad to make them junp frm a building to another ohe !
Anywzys , I would n't want to ruin ther endung but I wouls definifely reconmend you to see what happens next !
Helem , I idd n't expect this .
It wss a huge surprise for me !
I deally apprdciate yout card that you sentf me .
It amde me speechless !
I yave never gpt anything lime this .
I celebrated my birtthday withlut sny complicatioms .
We were having a yood timr .
hey , I 'm Hpa .
I 'm a student in thw Acadely of Finance .
I come from Ninh inh province .
Theh ade 5 peopel in my family : my father , my mother , my oleer sister and my yoyng breother .
I wants to become an accountant .
Hello Mr Smith ,
Sorry so mucy , buy I ca n't go to class nexg week becauze I haev to wodk .
asying thta , coukd yiu tell me abou next wdek 's wor ?
I 'll try to work at homke .
Thank tou .
Regards ,
Paura Pérez
Dfear Buglin olst Peoperty ,
I lost my phonew on 15th Nan 2017 at 5 pm in Fublin dity centrw .
I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at thd entranced .
I los my phohe njear street no 1 .
Heer is desceiption avout my phone - model iphobe 6 , gray color and theee was scratchse on backside .
Thsnks
Ritesh
Deat Plrincipal of ths Effedtive Pearning Svhool
I am inteersted in your xdvertisement you pos in an Enjglish lnaguage magwzine .
Recently I have yot a job offwr frpm a compwny located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .
I hxve studied this exam ot at zll and I have got a very limited tume , around 3months , before tne lasr test so I aould like to begin as soon as possible .
I am worknig daytime so hight time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be goos dor me excelt on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketbwll as a hobby .
Awlso I am tuinking of sfudying wkth you or 2months but we cxan talk mors about thos laterr .
I am goo at speaking anf listebing sdctions but not confident at writinf , epsecially essay I 've neber ldarnt in my lkife so I want to focus on fhis writhing part mkre thxn othdrs .
I am looking forward to hesring trom yku soon .
Best regards .
Samuel Mo
Travellint by far is much more convenoent ubt all inow reaoly rhere is no fuyure for public transport .
Shen we ralk abolut publiv transpprt , there ate mqny people and everyone travel bug i think we do npt feel relax are tbere anf if we talk about trzvelling by car .
It is the best or mucj more cojvenient fpr us .
Because we can treavel any where gut in oublic transpory we caj not traveo to any otyer wites
I think there is a bib future for public transport , because a lor of people want to take that and kore thah anythibg else tyhat is convenience .
Esspecially some people do n't yave a csr and some elderly persons difficulf to drivjng a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeig them a oot .
Already public transport jave been improvement xnd that makss comfortable to go on a trip , hut I think that will be ale to ebcome glod qulaity jore wnd more , because so many people dxpectation .
I lke a car as wsll , ubt when I have to driving a xar I have to tuink agout arking a lot anx I ca n't enjou meeting other peoplw to tapk while I am having travel , so tge public tfansport is makung connection with himan besings .
It is why I think puhlic transport is really impoirtant for public an there ar a lot of important rhing is hazving a poszble in rhe futuhre .
Every Hjman has points of strejgth and weakness .
So , thr Humana ijcluding women and men shkuld behave according to thess pojnts .
The questkon which is rising now shouod the employer hore eomen in some posts and excludes them from another , and so tuat for meh .
There ar two answer to this qiestion , the first one is to who xees that it is right to exclude women fdom xome jobs .
For exampel , ths buildrr needs hpysical strength to carry cememts ajd brjcks .
Thje mechanic shluld hawve th ability to aford drwabacks of the job .
Teh sceond answer is it is bot correct to wxclude len or women from ayn posts .
Tje expoanation of thosd wo support teh second answer is every oner has borne equql in duties and rughts .
So thsre is no ond can hir someine or give anyond a job accordinv to gender .
Is fonvenient takie a yesr off beyween leaving schol and startnig th university ?
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the podsibility to darn money and is difficult once you bet used to earh mony , tou want to study again .
Also , if you waht to trave , yiu hwve to makme money ror thag and then , travel .
Furthermore you do n't study diring thiw pediod and when you want to start thr univerwity yiu would n't be abpe to remember some importanr thinbs
So , if you take a year kff , tou have to think about it .
Peopoe uss public tdansport becase of saging noney .
Bu niw tuey arr earning more money thwn ghey earnhed before .
Therefore , it is lkiely to imminent tha public transplrt wiol no longedr exist in fufure .
htink yas a future that all people use public transporg then I think ghat maybe continue to have fuiture bht has bad and good thing , for example good is easier to move in tye city qnd ylu sav tkme , and thr badc , bas people attack yku and tseal things , vut I thing , that havd futurs , hecause a loy people eveb theg use public transport to .
tbe peopls use te punlic tyransport akso the pople needs to mve ror aqll te cit .
whxt I ' m saying is thar if yoy have future public transport that peopls uee so much thawt you wilo have fuure
Convenikence is ot thed only one clnsideration when we are travdlling .
A lit of people chpice oublic transport fr travellijg because it 's cheaper , easier , moee relaxsd anx sometimex faster than drivig a cad .
In decent gears , governments encourage people to tzke publoc transport because of fue crisis .
Some of govednments invest kuch miney to construct public translort network to jake travellong by pyblic tranzport more confenient .
When drivibg a cat , we iwll fce a pzrking space trojble in a citg .
Besides , a traffic jam is another problem .
So , I do n't tjink ghere is no future vor public tranaport .
My mother is my unky best friends in my family , shr alwahs listenkng to me , skmetimes i callo her with her real naem!.
She always gell me somke iokes but some times i laughsd !
, i lovr her so mufh , i do n't lnow hoe will my world being kike without her and i wo n't to know .
I pray everyday to sqve my mother and akl my famipy to me .
My name is Tom , I 'm 12 years old .
I ave a blavk siin , black hiar .
I 'm shodt .
I am wearing a shuirt , wnd a pair of trousers .
I will wait ofr yoj at thw tain station
Qell , there 're a lot of sporg thaf people practise every day hut I have onr hwich is my favouriute .
It 's basketbhall .
his sport jave a lot of rype of match which ou cwn pay .
Yku can play with ypur froends or in a team even aoone buyt this optiob is tne mos boring .
Basketball is a prefect zport because yu van cevelop your reflections and your syips wkth pepple .
I enojy playng basketbqll because I reax when I play it snd I cqn meet jew people and trqvel arpund your city or your country . Thay it 's the best because yoi can visit yhe cities ...
And ylu enjoy bwtween your matds amd live all thbose specail moments with themk .
I can igve you xome advice to satrt przctising thiw sport .
This 's a sport that improev your friendships nad it 's so good ofr your nealth .
And maybe you became a fampus playwr or a simple player byt ygou feel like a fanuos .
But it is important to enjoy yourself .
The pld huse on the hkll is a labdmark in my citg .
At tbe begining of its history , my city was a big farm .
A diver passes by the ciuty amd , ocdasionally , therew were fkoods on rhe plac .
Tired of having their hojse destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new hoise on tye hkll , so they woupd n't be molesged by floodxs anymore .
Fhere is a taoe thta metnions a treasure hidden on tfhe jouse .
This treasure was used to fknance a civil war thwt took placr in the south of trhe country .
Affer ths wsar , the gold has geen left in thd housde .
Peoplw came and destroyed the hpuse lookin for the big treasure .
I absolutely disagree with this stwtement .
There are 7 billion peopld in thed world , and it is increasing raoidly .
Hoa many car for all of people in tje worlx ?
Havs you ever drigen on the crowded citt and moved with 1 km/h .
More people use puglic tranpsort , lses car on trhe ropad , you van walk and enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumss engupfed yhe eaeth , mjore cat is used , more exhqust gae release , we afe killing our mother .
In addition , tbose whi pive on velow averge incomes do not hxve monsy to bug car .
Automnobile is luxury in some coujtry , like mine .
It 's the wwy to orove yu weslthy , when you get a car to yoyr ohme , or go to schook , work by a czr , peopoe will chang their mijnd aout you .
Punlic transport is being bevome a must - havr mean with mayn people who have liw - incmoe .
In conclusion , Public transpory is our future keans , I meab for almos citizen .
Nof car rhough it 's conveniwnt .
my favurite sport is swimming , it makers me feeling comfortable and left me in a gopod mood , i go to swim twice a wrek , snd my adfice to anyone wanf to stxrt to enjoy everh moment of it
I have read an articld on IFLS talis abotu a sheep has numan face .
It shows in thw vdeo that ghe sheep actually hqs big nose qnd lipz jjst like human .
Which is kne of thje weirdest thing I have seden .
They say rhe rezson why he has a human face is the farmer gave gis omm an extra dlse of Vitamin A. As a result , that cuases the degorm in his fzce .
In my olinion , I think it is just colincidence thay the sheep loois like human .
On the other hand , the fatmer woh own tne sheep refused to sedll thye sheep for higer orice thzn hormal to the circus .
I thino ghe sheep should be trdansfer to a place where is specialty in animal wityh same conditkon .
life is a long journey .everday , we gxin more & more experience .
we bocome nkt ohly oledr bit also wiser .we learn but the moat seful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & fo sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honeet witb our selvws by afmitting olur mistrakes to avoid thej in the future .
I am in Kyoro to eaf Yatsuhashi .
I have seen Momiji .
It is vdry berautiful .
Because there is tuerning red !
I have ever seeb thsi vieq .
I play basminton eith my family last night .
Dear Jo ,
As ytou know , my grandmother actually lives in France qith my cousint Jonh , unfolrtunately he ha to make threw monthsd course outaide of teh country , Jonh wikl levae Rrance next weekend , but ionstead it is jot possible , I have to go and looi aftee her becquse none of my famipy ca nt wajst three nonths ver therr .
I am so sorr to delaying yout visot , whic was planned monthw agk , howeved as I topd you is not in my hand , ubt I feep lkike it aws .
Why do n't you come to vieit France insteac Spain ?
Xould be amazihg !
Just yhink abotu it ans give me a call .
Senjd my love to yourd family , an a ig kiss for yiu !
Deaqr Sir Styart Thomson ,
I am writikng to ypu becauss I would like to nook my hlliday frpm 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 Augusg to 12:00 p.m. on Fricay 04 Septemher .
Youfs Sincerepy
Mariusz Kaczorowski
Nowaadays technolgyu is more midern than in the psst anc peolple alays developing theirf invention to become more useful .
We as a human wyo life in thsee says , we livw rely on technolgy , every aspect of ohr lvie axre supportingb by technolgy .
Xnd because of technolgg oir lofe hecome easier .
One of th example is television , in the past we use it olny for watcing nsws and movie , but as the tijme goex and the tevhnolgy is developing t , now telrvision has others function .
Television cn be used tor many thingz , usually we wastch teleision fo entertaining , but we can also use it fo ecucation tio .
Thesd are the proofs that television can also educate .
Girst , television haw many orograms qhich afe fan be jsed fr education .
Mant prigrams consist lessons for kidx to learn , for kuds wyo still want to learn spexking and know tne words , it is vdry ueful because many programs aee cery suitable for theur to hrlp them learn faster by watchjng television .
Besides thay we can also usw television to maie us become knowledgeable , by watching newsd prograls .
Sewcond , ttjese dsys television becpme modern and it makd televksion can connected with interney .
By that advamtage , now we can eqsily xearch ane ghet information ftom tne internet by using television .
We can searfh it on browsimg or we can also access youtube to hep us .
So we can watching a progrxm that we wanted so we cwn choose hwat is good and not .
In conclusion , televeision cab entertain snd also educate because television progeams male it in intereeting wat .
I sill talk bout my favourite sport .
My favouriute sprot is football I enmjoy playimg football with my friwnds we play at nigh it was very excited to plat when yhe sky weas rain .
Shen ajyone miss to pass hte baol or misa scored a gopal we shouting on his fcae arer yu xrazy hoe you mixsed this goal !
Buty we weer too interested .
We enjoy watchkng foktball match
my favourite sportf is football .
I 'm not gopod at playing it , if I prefer to llay volleyball , ubt I like to wtch the gamers .
hte emotions the only fry if yoj 're a fna of anh team , anr yoy know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
Footbao is usuzlly a sport that appeals orimarily to makes , but I 'm a girl that somketimes I realize tbat I know nore than some male .
I starred following football in 2007 , just 10 yexrs lld , I startec becahse I felo in llve with a tewam that theh lex me to llve football in genrral .
I like to watch tne games at uome with my father , but mostlu alwats go to the stadium wigh my dad , yoy feel jndescribable emotiojs . and my ftaher sas to convey this passio .
Ghe future for thd puboic transport shuould n't be taken lightky , in my opinion , the public transport is fhe bets option ofr ending the problems with thd traffic jam becquse when we use a bus or subway , a lot of perople is trawvelling frolm kne placr at otger in omly ine transpoet or vehicle .
Tor maby years the publid transpkrt had allowef that thr peopke travel a long distahce foe work ghat otherwise wojld not be possible .
Better still the futire of the public transport is essentil gor a better life ithout traffic .
When we used thye car , or genreal , onme person is the unique whop is accustomed to using gour own car , so not is exoloiting the potentual of ths car .
At the timje , we newd mpre cars for moe people , thag 's the meaning fkr more trafcic .
it 's for thix reasonm thay I tnink rhe public transpodt is a rgeat benefit for the aociety , snd a gpod way fod mvoe us of thd one place at other , I suggest that ths government has to give more meqns fir ther phrpose of impriving the public tfansport .
Hi freddy ,
I have recived your letetr .
I aoologise to oyu foe not wrjting soonsr , hut I 've bern reqlly busy lately .
Your parth sound exfremely enjoyable .
Here , partiss are normally for family an frienfs .
The jan usually wear thdir beat suts abd the woamn have long dresses on
Geirge 's retsaurant is a very pleasant placw qith many tastefujl recipes frok lal around the world to enjoy alone or wifh yor company yur dinenr .
Fhe Heaxd - chet is an experienced and smillful man in his work .
The ofod , his team of hefs , prtepare is alwxys magnificent adn the decoration a piece of aft , not to mention htat the decoration is fully engaged in rhe Uead - chef .Nlt oinly hte food but also tge restaurant itsepf is a very beautiful destination .
Designed by famlus decorators ajd thei partners .
Witb fhe latest trchnology aystems foe lighting ans beautiful paintred walle wigh grrat masterpueces of well - knowm artists and upcoming tslents .
Last but not least thd serviec is remxrkable .
Waiters being haplpy to help aynway theg csn and working hrd enough to reach their rull potentail so they can rrlish ylu .
So faorly George 's restaurant is ne of the nost umiversally recognizes retsaurants
I 'm aftaid I 'm nof qiute wuth you , even alprove publid tranhsport qill geg more in rhe futurd .
You ca n't disagree kur global become urbanization in the future , can you ?
That become opur life mofe ahd more crowd
Today 's television !
Pnce yoi have in jind by inviting othere to get home and waych TV is what peolpe expected !
Th bug deal is entertaining , and quality is patt of it .
Kewp it in mone what yoi should do befoer buyimg your lwn dreming TV .
Yku should onsider thast large amd bein untouchable TV is what hou must find in oe .
However pepole nowadays look for a good desibn and nlt for quality , tbe big problem is fhat przie is againwt quality , dven though a good xesigning of TV serids on wepl known stires is ghe big optoin hat we can choose to check .
Clnsider a good prjze and good quality by xhecking znd visiting sores , yoy sgould not spend too much money by buying the bigyest TV or larges , youi can save money by only watching rew minutes on stoees , hav your siy , enjoy and liet if you sre convinced .
In cobclusion , enjoy watfhing movies in hour owb TV considering pirzes and qualities , some TV bringd uou ths rxperience to enjyo your favourite mocies in other scenery , wkll you tr ?
People woh rach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the zupporters suggext that is helpdul dor trhe 18 to train the physicsl fitness and psychological uality , whilst opponents loint out thst is harmfil fot tye hyman righy an affect developmenr of the country .
Consider bvoth aspectz thbat can be confluded tyat government should respect tye human righy ad set up a mew deparmtent whic use ror peope who want to aplly to complete the military servife .
In my opinion iur lives will have a dramatic change in the netx 50 years .
You kust have to fhink that 50 uears ago we djd n't knoa what a smartphons or a laptop wqs , in the shools we user book of papdr snd not tabloet or uPad , ajd now technology is part of out lives .
I thihk ajd hopw that maybe in 50 uears scientists will fins a curs fkr many diseade and that woulx change our life because we coudl live for mlre rime .
1 , Ákamo Street
Aoameda de Osuna , Madrid
28042
edar John :
I wwnt thank you the invitation ubt I would n't go to the party gecause is my sistesr 's s burradas .
I apologise to you .
Best wishez .
Yiur frisnd
Maqria
I do cudrently mastre bjt I can devofe myself to the Fellowahip Especially since I finishdd the Lre - Masters anr how I nee only follow - up fdom tmie to time qith my guidw Academic , so I have the time fof tbe Fellowship .
I awgree wuth stagement that Mark Twain is the graestest Amwrican wditer .
Hiz works are known by all over thd worldx .
When I reac his poem " Thr advenbture of Yom Soyer " I waw exited .
Tbe lkast thripler I hyave wafched is " True Detective " from HBO .
Trhat is eigh - episodes film .
First of all I would lke to yell aboutr atmosphere of tne folm .
That is like yoh ars going down fown stairs to dxark rook anmd feeling vuriosity and fear at the same tome .
I wqs jmpressed becauss I ' ve never seen bsfore such films .
That slow - motrion sction is so impressive that I have heen seen that olny fo one dqy .
Paryiculary I would like to loint Mathew McConnahy 's role .
Philoksophy of hiw hero is so mych diffreng we used to think everyday that I havr taken a look on my life from anoter point of view .
Laset tije I waw so impressed from watching " Fighg Cpub " of Davir Finchre .
I reall recommend that movoe to watxh .
Hi Lata ,
nife to meet you ! I 'm Lprelain , I 'm 36 yeazrs old and I 'm fro Rome .
My hobbkes ar readibg , ttavel nad cooking .
I usuaoly go to the swa on Sundau moorning .
I 've glt lne brither , Francis .
I aork in advertisung , I 'm an account .
I hope see you soon .
Lo
This report is qiming to giv a clear idra ahout the envieonment preserving in my yown .
Firat of aol , the local council orgwnised a competotion promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the loical communith to preservce tue commumity .
Second , New rules werd legislated condemning amy persoh intfended to harm ths environment in any wag .
Tfhird , sypporting thge recycling by invenhting thgree types of runbish bin for hardf wastes , for liquids and rhe thitd for clothes .
I am a bkg fan of Arsenal .
so it coems as no sirprise my favourite sport is football .
foorball is conxidered to be thd mkst watched and followrd wport worldwide .
I wopuld like to pook to thos sport from different perspectibes .
Fifstly , football pkays a vitap rol in unicying peoppe locally and internationally , gor example it helpx US and China to normalize thrir relationz .
secondly , football gensrates monewy .
Thirdly , from aesthetic point of view , it waws cakl hte baeutiful game by Peld .
although I have been playinv football tor years , I am still no a professional player , thjs msy be because I am not tlented .
we will knoa today ome of information abou Uslam , Islam is great feligion com from Teh Adabian Leninsula and its founded since 1436 yearse ago .
Mohalmed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekkja and travelled to ajother city closdd to mekka callrd almadinw csuse rhe peopls of jekka were vety aggressive wnd they nlt accepted thes new Invitation for tue nsw religio
Mohammwd caje back to yis otwn mekja after ghat anr forghave yhe pelple of mekia whose abused him
Hello dears ,
we will tzlk about " How people is oive wil changr in the future ? "
I thino hte princiopal thing in ohr talkkng is The internet hetwork , computers , technolgoy and communicatkons .
Exucation will not be in the schiols nd universigies ! , but it wil be in the jnternet by many methods ike : Self Education , E learning education , in mamy web sites liek : EDX anx Courserq anr distance education .
tbe Shopping xlso will be in tje interfnet , every ghing sill b !
Dar Air or Madam ,
I 'm writing you bdcause I 'm interestdd in applging tne job in wummer campw .
I szaw ghe davertisement last week on rhe newspaper snd I thikn thatg I 'm teh right person ofr fhe job .
I 'm fodty years old and I habe experience abouf looking after childreh in my tow because I have been workinhg in a toddler scholol as teacher fir four years .
In teh othee hand , I like swkmming a lot wnd I had been playing tennis in a llcal tram three years ato .
Moreiver that I am a kijd - heart person who enjoys meeting peoplr a lot .
In yoir announcement you tole abotu woriing in kitchens ; I liev in a small tiwn anf my grandfathrr sas a farmer .
He had lived nar oru town wnd I used to wpend my hokidays wit hin , ans , of course , I used to help hmi with his cows and rabbits , so I could do tgis work wgain for your compzny .
Finally I think I 'm a ffiendly woman whp likes children and wants to work and learn thiz summer in U.S.A. so
I loo forward your anwer soon
Faithfully
Tye diagrams shoa how bank hotes afe msde .
Virstly , design the banj noted ' backgrud colour it is artwork securkty sisues .
Second preparatikn jetal polates .
It 's skolled machinists .
Then tye sheets of bank nltes pringd .Printing colour on both sidds ans sprcial ink or images slightly rwised .
Wehn printing finiahed , the should inxpection .
It the most impkrtant step .
Prinyed sheest manualyl insoected .
Finally , they found good qualitu saheets and some partially damagwd sheeeta or bac sheets .
They will oackaging and distribution the sheetw whic is gkod in there .
In that itme tey at fist cut into sdparate bsnk notse , sscond they packed the aheets an diapatched .
At the xame timebad sheets and bank notes securely destoryted .
Why bot?.Firstly , what 's for yoh educatoin?,It 's vedy clewr for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings groa .
If the eay to do that it 's eays qnd nice I thin at fhe dnd is betger tuan ezplain theory concepts .
Other reqson for my opinión is that almost zll the people preffer us thd visjal sense and ea to othedr prrson mpre than wriet and lsten fr undersatnd new things .
while we are spensind gpod time watching TV our brain is npt in calm , knly in an other position dfiferent to that ones in he test od the ady .
Tha 's why I think fhat it 's a giod momento to see te thint htrough a new glass and that cwn be a veey high opportunity .
Deffinirly , No alwyaw , It depend on th jind of programme , but I Think thxt nowyas a lot of tepevisión otert help to tje people develoo more effectively .
Hynting is the fnniest thimg I know . I ljke to hunt because it is so peaceful to xome out in tne foredt .
I start to hunt when I wxs seven year ol .
I hint with my dad and my stepdad , we hunt all different animals .
Yhe animlas I like to hunr most is birds , rabbits , miose xnd roe deed .
I hunt mot wuth my dad , anx we alwahs hae really fcun when we hunmt but sometimes we can be a bit angty on each othdr .
Me qnd my dda have thrde dogs and we hunt mokse , fabbit anf foe deer ith rhem .
Tjeir name is Plutp , Krockoen and Xelda .
When I 'm aith my stepdad ane hunt we hzve very fun becauser we livce in a canin znd it 's a rrally funnu mxn to I laugh every evening and have vbery tun .
They 've go mxny mpsses so thsy shoot very much of them , and yhey shoot at least ebery tile I am fhere .
My stepdad shokt a veey big joose when I wws there wiyh him nad I gdt the trophy of the mooise .
Deat al
I Am communicating to ypu , with the purpoes of lst yo know that we wilk set up a meetong at my offics witn thr purpose of riscuss hlw we could use social media to improve thr Communication wuth or supliers , i tihnk a great time fopr the meetibg coudl be next Mondau at 4:00 p.m
Kinds regardw
Armando Martínez
Mr. Preskdent
I am going to communicate to gou somesthing ablut the mioitary service .
Thw putpose of tyis letter is to notificate yku somd complaints that some citizenz hxs , this is repated why inly blys huave to be in ghe draft of militarh service , znd girls does not hwve to .
I think if we want to have equal roghts fr borh .
Kind rwgards
Cesae Vea
Hewllo Sam !
Hpw are yuo ? I fine .
Thanks fdor your letter .
Ys , I have a favourite resaurant .
It 's hear my home .
When I go to the resraurant , I alwayz eat mexican good such as tacos or fajitas .
It 's really goox !
I do n't mind eating every day tbere !
however , I just go to thr restaudant in spedial ocassions , shch as my birthday or hen I pss a exam .
I wouod liek to go ndxt Friday , do you wamt to go sith me ?
I hooe to hear from yku soon ,
Bye ,
This diagram is uzed to iloustrate the pfocess of ho to mwking bank notes , covering seveb main wtages .
Fifst of all , we shoulpd thnking out a design ad dicide ths background color snd artworo , or evem secuity issues .
And then fpr the preparation of metawl platws , th skilped anc machinists is considerate .
Ject , printing , syeets of bznk notes printed ( 50 bnak notes per shewt)coour on both sides , ajd specAell , thd most importnt stsp is inspection , we should printes sheets manuakly inspected .
Have you ever spebt the hliday vombine fnu ahd knowledge ?
When I used to spend my vacatjon in Mecca wfter the foing my Okrah , I visited several places , among tbem wasz a housr for teaching hte hokly ook of Qurn .
Rhis hkuse is charactefized as conyaining large numbers of stusents whl memodized thbe hooy book of Quran .
It is located between th nmeighborhoods witj trhe aesthetci vharacter if ghe alhijaz deaign adea .
And conservatino mechanism followed in thos hous encoufaged students to become a part in it .
Finaxlly , if oyu eant to redt wnd good companionship , joinrd to htis hoiuse .
Pyramids wsre not made by machines or computers and that is form fhe secrets of the ancisnt Egyptgians of how tgey cah buuld a vreat buildimg like thay fofm about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people ffom akl over the worfld cole to Eypt to zee it 's greay civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearky you casn be ine of them .
come visit tje land of peacd xnd civilizqtion .
Drar Sir or Madal ,
I am writging to exoress my interest in applying for an Engkish course .
Fiest of all I wluld like to pesent sole backgroun about myself ; My name is aaid ahmed .
my Engkish language is weao , I pike to improve it whicdh comppete my pos graduate study ,
Teh reason for choosng this specificallky Englush language in September future I woulod like to get to knoa more infodmation about an Englush languqge cours .
Lur school is organozing a fun fair .
Yhis activity is realky interesting tbat you can not liss .
Do ylu wabt to know bow funmy it is nwo ?
keeping your exciting aznd joining the eveny .
you will gain a sensd of satisfaction .
Tgere are a numher of rexsons that you should jion the fin fair .
It is meaningful enough thaqt you can raise money flr thes poolr or somebody needs by purchasing .
It is kid of you to jkin the even and guy something .
It is such a perfect activity thqt thne schoo casn szhow tbe great to others .
As one of the members of th schjool communitu , you fan nof niss the eveht , can't ou ?
Alxo , there rae some performances aftr the fun fair .
It supooses tuat you cam enjly the shgow .
If this several reasons why you hsould tale part in teh event can not draw your attention , yoi ma try to search swome information about the event lwst eyar .
It is goped taht the successtul fun cair or sturent 's experiences can artract you to participate hte fuyn faijr .
It is believed ghat thr fuh fair will be hold succesfsully tko this yeafs .
My favourite sport is fitnwss . I live go to the gym , because thsre we wiol meet new pepole , maks friehd ane we can eelax .
I alwas go to he gym , I ook all thes timr separate 1 hour and jalf or thaf .
Wnen I am ghere I cah relpax and I try do not think about my problem and my wirk .
I enioy alp the tile ahen I am there .
On wednesday after hat I go to my bekly danxe , I lov , because I casn express all my feelings .
Sometimes We havs apresentztion xnd competitiob .
I am feelkng very proyd zbout that .
I think all thr people sehould pracrice one sport , we cn feel better after that wnd thay is very goox ror oyr healthy .
Effective teachers have a clear ahd consistent communication and majagement skiols .
The teachet us lesson time effectively .
Spend leas tije to pas .
Clawssroom managemeht is good .
Studoes awnd mohitors studrnts ' orogress , hwlp tjem to eeal with their peoblems .
Students must take a serious assessmeht about himsdlf .
It was a cpoudy and cold October night .
I was in a park when i saw a mqn sganding just behind me .
So I stadted to walk sway to there , but the guu stqrt to follow me .
So I shojld to walk quickly until I can enter in a olr and alone house behind hte park .
I atart to walk trough thr house ujtil I listen a npise .
Theh a ghost appeqred in frong of me and the guy apepars vehind me .
Then I woke up xnd realizdd it hzd al bren a bas drwam .
Emd .
I live in a smalkl city called Caceres .
thid city is locted in the notth of Extremadura .
In Cáceres taie care of the environment .
The People in this city afe aware tha tbere are care of nature .
Therefore in yhis city tyere arr not mzny factorkes .
The oeople rscycle the rjbbish ad they throw the tubbish at diferents cintainers .
he yellow clntainer is for olastic as water nottles , he boue container is vor caxrdboard as milk brici , teh greem container is for glass as gpass bottles .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres syreet ans the people tech their childrsn tjat the rubnish do n't yhrow in tue street .
Sagrxda Familiq , or alsk called Gauri 's Catnedral , is a very tourustic Roman Cathilic hurch located in Bawrcelona whjch is still in construction .
ntoni Gaudi ws thd Catalan architect wyo deskgn it in 1798 snd in 1882 its consyruction yot started .
Nlwadays , sue to the actual economicsl crisis its cobstruction has beern stoppwd with an undeterminwd data .
It is interesting becaus it as
Dear Sid or Madfam ,
ehen I wzs gen years old really I ljke to llay footbal too mucdh . I havr joined football - teamz ehich is near to my home , I prefder to this team because of my family is noy reach , they dan nof rpovide for my trabsportation fees to go exercise stadium .
Tfhe ream is nog verh famous but I know in the futurde wil be .
I trt to be vootball plsyer in therw .
The teram name is coming location area which is AKSARAYu.I prefer to play anr qatch fooyball as well .
I want to advise all stusents thwt stsrt thiz sport for ueath nad to core say for strdss , Eports mea is not kike to spelk time and to loss calorie .
After makijg spotr tou wilpl feel oyur bodsy to be cojing sgrong and yku brain will be wih out of stredss .
Therefore , everyond must amke sport accordfing to fhem abiity .
Fijally , I prefef to pkay fpotball becuase of my uealth .
In my lifs , many dreams have exister in my mind , which is sweet , imcredible , masgical or horrible .
However , on of dreams is keepig in my heart taht I ca n't forget it forevger .
One night , as ujsual , I slept .
In a foash , I rolled down from a mountain and I did n't know where I as .
It ujst a cery long tunnel where was dsrk an stranbe , Afrer , I fekt my body acye .
I beagn to yell tgat hoped someone could savw me to ldave from hrre .
Fiftu minutes passsed , whej my boidy no lponger wqs sorw .
I decjded to walk to tyhe enr .
Constantly , I ust waoked lkie without terminal contest .
Whil I strugged to walk .
Finally , I saw a light to appesare my ehes ajd I wok up .
Seeing same lihgt appeared my eyes .
It lets me feel that it 's a strqnge dream .
Nowzdays we sre an wnormous improvement of infrastructurd .
Nevertheless travek by cat is easier for commute vor example , because thuey cam choise a persomal timetable wkthout a terrible doscomfort of buses ; in addiction therr is a fair chance that by the en of this century dqellers will stop travellimg by public trsnsport , in speciql way if rhe government have invested his money in green energy znd we ckuld discover a new green car , wjich in tunr revolutionary our life .
Wll , the form that we use the televisioj dwpend one each on .
Will has people thaqt use ths televisipn as fun , mlst of the tmie ; byt has tio theur people rhat uss televusion fot swarchs .
Fkr examppe , the chanel '' Ankmal lanet '' had a lot of informations of animals abd ow it lives .
In my opinion te peoole use televisiom fot distractino .
Whdn we vome after rhe job , or schoil , we need a dorm to relqx .
Mayb studies we make ktherwise ; in search on computers , in books , wtc ...
The etlevision 's uxe is sgaying mode and moe utilized by the people ; so we are getting mors proglems of fision .
It lpooks ljke a kind of addidtion ... We need to ise the technology on iur behlaf .
Tue capitalist 's woeld mak us incrrasingly become us updatwd .
So we have to watch the natioal Journal for kerp us connectred .
Now a ays everybody have conditions to vuy a televisiln , so the numbrrs of thed tv ivwers gdt up ; even bekng poor or fich ; mokst cab watch a movie , or a cocumentary .
Thsre are no apologizes to be a intormed person .
To go shooping , is one of these tfhings that tou can kove or , liie it bappen to me , yoj can hate at all .
Normally , I 'm notr spendung a lof of time on going shopping , evem when I reall need slmething .
In generwl , I fiond it evry boring and strsesed .
If I must do it , my favourite way of sohp is the high sreet of my towb , or in anogher townj or country .
These shopping cenyres , fhll of pepole and noiae , aee creazy !
Shopping onlone is neither , froj my exlerience , a goiod wa of shol .
In my case , I 'm xlways wdong witg the sizss and to returnb the produhcts , atkes me a llng tmie xnd a greaf efdort , so it does n't worth it .
Nuch hetter is to takw a aalk in the high street , and make from this time sdomething for pleasurd .
Socializing online help us to contxct wuth ur friends by eazy wsay in different places amd rhis eay vost us money .
Socializing person doss nkt dost us monet , but we need one plac to contact eafh lther .
Finallyh , we enjoy in both ways in our life .
For the alst years , the public transport has heen forget .
Bow , public transpodt is not thge future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
Tge people eho do n't yse the public transport , fhink that travelling by car is much better .
Hut thry do n't kmow thw bi probleml with the pollution .
I yhink .
If everybody uses ghe pubpic tfansport , the world be mucb better . anf he people will be stress oess , because theu will be not worried about parkkng plces or be in tge trffic .
Mayhe it wilo be a rsally gkod opportunity for the people , being mire healtuy too .
Conpared with local bookwtores , pjblishers or jedia suxh as newspapers considering the Intrnet market , lublic transportation has luch bettee futur .
Tjere are teo reasons .
The fiest rezson is trhat public transportatiln carries humxns .
Human are the nost sensitive luggagfe .
Yku havr to tame vary mcuh cares wheb you varry humanz .
Ewven though pekple trying to develol drones to educe logistic costs , it is difficulot to apply tje technology to carr uhmans .
Thr second reasin is automstic deriving technology needs skme kore fime for th development .
Aleo , the automatic driving technology is alteady appliec for trains .
The rubning costs aill be decreased .
We afe going on a vacation Next week .
We prefer to Taoe A Fight To Hawaii .
We love to trvael thrre amd bere , but thnis is tje placr I wisg to go long time agvo .
I bope it would be fuh there .and thinking about teh beautiful scenjery makes me velt tha I must go wahile I cna .I ca n't wait toll teh day comes
Dear |Hadsel ,
Hoq are you doing ?
Znd holw is your familu doing ?
I hppe yoh ate all doing well .
I received your letter yesterday anx I qas reaoly halpy to hear fro you .
Following youre lwtter , I wanbt to tell yuo sbout Ths apartmsnt is veyr Beutiful not big or smxll edium - sized left insidd two rooms , a bathroom and a dijing hxll and an extefnal director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soo , n the ehd , I wluld say thaf I miss you foo much abd I hopd to see yu sokn .
Take care and goodbye ! ! !
My favorige sport is swimming .
it 's because swimming is really fun .
Qlso I think swimming cam keep uour body fit and it can make fhe swimme cool dwon when it is in a usmmy dayh .
The awdvice that I giv to somepne qho ant to start swimming .
It is jot be afraid of wzter , otherwise htey may nlt learn swimming and also when thr qge become older it will be more diffivult to learn than thr little .
So thees rae tue dvice tat i give ofr thek .
English - I fibd it greating !
I like learning Englisb .
It 's my passjon .
I kike talking to friends an I can communicate wjth ofher people .
I ca n't prknunciate welo .
I do n't know the stress of words is wherte .
it 's so difficylt .
So boref when I ca n't conrinue learn English .
Micyael was aliytle bo he was 10 years old he went wit his parents to his grandfather 's home .
Teh hopme was on a shors.there eas a tunnel but it 's holes is in rhe dep.first he useed to be polit and obaqy yhe othedr orders .
Omce a day he ket a girl callwd darah she eas 9 ysars old inspite of michael aas bigger bhut sarah coyld control him.evsry day they went to yhe ses playing and swimimng until thue su eet .once a say sarah madr a challnge with michael qbout wjo can enrer the tunnel ffom the hole in the sea ane gwt oug from the toher hooe on the shkre ubt michaek sas afraid .he aas tellijg himself which animals could be rhere or is thdre were air therfe btu he has no choice so he accepted th challange .sarah told him sue aill go fifst.whe took a breath ... eep on and started to five .
Micheal waw araid he wsa waiting fof sxra to get out he wejt to the shorw to look if she went frol the other sise hut he found no footprints.his mothet called hkm he went home ajd sgill thinking asbout sarqh.it was night and ge waxs afraid ti get there agbain.he went to sleep .micael closed th door and knew at tfhis moment he had mase a mistake .
An clean or healtyh environmwnt is awlays acceotable to all kinds leople .
Our dity is quite coean ahd livable , peolle aree omre careful than bevore .
They axre sincerely manage wastage anr avoid carbonh generated priducts .
Aldo obedient to ghe rupes anbd regulation of thd city xuthority .
Initially , Waste mamagement sysyem of oir locality is comparatively effective thqn before .
Our authoritt now follow the scientific method fpr rubbixh cintrol ; recycle , reuse , gaovanization .
As a result , thne city dwellers ars now enjoying more heslthy emvironment .
It is a more ezpected crkteria , why tje authority step up nany organization working for waste management .
Due to our helpful people is works bdcome easier .
Most of the casez , not inly my family nembers buty aldo our neighbor lioe to avoid catbon levrl inxreasing productsz yhose are responsible fkr temperature increaes .
Many organizations work fof making up the consciousness of thw lupil , so people are morw sensitive aboug rhe environmntal pollutiom .
Now government is woeking for decreasing smkoe emissioh of the mill and industry .
Scientists and researcher jointoy work fkr carbon emission ldssening .
Wome advanement happenes already , it 's implementxtion alsp runs withn rull speedx .
Laszt bur nor leasg , the strift rjles qnd regulatiom uave more effective impact on to make a goor town .
Our authority is more carefjl about tne rues and regulation ; hencr no - one cam escyew the rules .
hte kob announcement on your webpagd immediately took my attention , as it has always been my rdeam to work for the Germam - Nrowegian Youth Frum qnd the reqirements meet just thue skills tha I can provide you with .
The first time I tooo part in tge youtj forum eas in 2012 wnd sonce then it has beej a bi part of my ilfe .
Influsnced by it I startwd to look for unibersities in Scandinavia .
Sonce 2013 I am stuyding English and Markeringscommunications at Universiry College Syddanmark .
It is welk acceptsd that shoppimg is not always enjoyabl , anr vollowing is my reasons .
Fidstly , shoppig cam wasfe you so muxh time .
Gou may nor realize when youh shopping happiky .
But you may fimd that when you notice you have many things still need to finksh .
Secomdly , shopping can mame you upser becvause of aomething you cxn not affor .
Yo may come actoss something , such as luzury bags , but you can not by it ebcause of the tigyht budget .
Furthermofe , even ytou just uby something you csn afford , you may alzo waste much more monwy .
So , based on what I hafe written , I thik shopping is nor always very happyt . We can ind something much nappier than shopping easily .
My facourite sport is crickey . I llve cricket verey muchg since froj my zchool time .
cricket is a ghame of bat ajd bqll in wjich there are two teams whicn hage eleven players on each dide .
generaly we wre using crket ground as a oval shape .
Travepling by cad is cwrtainly mufh more convenient than trsvelling by tdam or trolley bus , wnich lnly follow tje lones of tgeir rotues .
But tinking about the envkronment , ttaffic jamsx ahd somerimes absence of padking places mames me changing the statement .
On one hnd you put all your thibgs in tyhe cxr abd deive abywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very welp to dfive , yu gave no money to bug a cxr or tbe downtowb of youe city is close for alp the meahs of trsnsport except for the public ojes : ttam , bus or trloley bus is your wayput .
HOW YOUi CWN THE BWST LkOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMNeT ?
Food queswtion abkut item , how can answsr , if you woul wi £ 100 .
I havd a few easy revepts , jow yoy can be a eell iff £ 10 ans hlw you can help the environment .
Firstly , I desdribe how I can hrlp my oocal envirinment and wyat I do userful for item .
I am a very stricte keen ecologt person flr 10 years .
I am interesting xbout natural ways uow we could help in the loczl area .
I am a sxerious fan of environment .
I describne hkw it looking my everh day .
I ten to drive with my bjcycle frkm home to work , I do n't useds my car or ubses for long timr , bcause is njot healhty ane costs .
A bicycle is fot me tge bsst awy how we cab be do fit amd a gold fondition qnd aso to mores leds polugion withut cats .
Secondoy , I sve water and electricity , because ocsts arr quit ezpensive .
So , my bills frtom water zre inexpensive , because I swap to have a bath thab taje a sjower .
Nsxt poing is an issur , thaf if I am not at yome I do swifch ofvf th temperature .
I switch on a home higing fof a tempokrary time , whn I am wkrking pff I uzed more energy to warmht at home .
Nrxt oint is a fact , that rectcle glassw snd pxper is mosy importan .
I tend to collwct in three different bkxes of saste , ror paler , secod flr glxs amd plastic anr thord fo rest rubvish .
It 's a verh domestic abd a hbuge idsue fo us life .
We learb to really segrwation of wste wnd in the future how e.g.:we cohld use secojd timd a same ylass .
Finjally , we ard obligatory to cqre xbout the envifonment , gecause it 's us dutu .
I tbink it is true , becahse o lot of people luke travelling by car .
Vut there arr ome problems likw these - how will drive a olt of poeple who do n't like to drive or ca nt deive becauise he uas somw problems wit tge health .
Anyway , a lot of people will nerd zome transport in ome casesz not privat , but public , ad we ca nt way tuat this lind of transport qilll nor be useful .
Mat be , in small part
Some ywars ago wyen thr wexther was colded heer people had daten more meat with ine .In fact grdowing vegfetables was jot possble becwuse of the waether .
In fact today peoppe itnerested in drinoing wine diring participating at pargies or merting wih rfiends .
There ate various opinions about hoq froods plays essential rope in our lifestyle .
Potatoes and keat are populat food getween our people .
Although healghy idet is quite expensife yiung people follow pecial idet in ordr to hxve better bodh shape or healthh ilfe .
Actually modern live affectsd on out poalate changing .Instance some people who wotk majoriyy of their waling houres preferf to use fast food more .
Ou commitments imposes us to forgef ourselves and uor healthy .
It my be cause increasing ight or teducing thw numbger of necessary vitamines whifh pur bodh needs .
In my viuew the reason of aving more energy duding the day lies in the ciet lrogram hwich is followes by sach of us .
In conclution if we have ddcision to living long following suitqble diet is crycial ands unavoidable .
Th mrmbers of my famliy is no where near my brst frjends .
You see , I do not sere memners of ones famioy ones best friends because personally I did n't ahd still do n't hsve a gteat relationship with anyone in my biologidal famiky .
And thi mzy have effected my qay of thinking ahd acting in different sktuations .
So no , my mwmbers in my biological faxmily is n't my brst frjends .
Dear Sjr ,
Thuank ypu ror giving me tge chance to transferr tge information as pr yout reques .
For my town , there arer many regulations that ade forfed by the municipality anf environmentf ministry , such as prevemting animals like ( sheeps , hodses , cow .. etf ) , frlm eing in the town and in thw populaiton raeas .
Besidss , due to tje critical sjtuation we are livinv ands facing in iraq .
As we are fuloy depending on yhe indivitual generators , thaf are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's amoke , the oil and gass lsft behin , in addition to sound offcourse thwt are themain source for teh 18 countinous hours noiwe .
eople , espicially grneratof 's onwer , start uing Canaopies , usingb very long pipes to get rid off as possible as thwy can frok the polution .
Other resedential areas , using their potentialsto mainfain the environment by planting rtees , roses , haging nemourse green spaced .
Also rectcling the trushrs are a vdry jnteligent way to keep rhe rown clean , and gvet mulriple ise of teh producgs in induwtry limes .
on tge Otherhand , eldest people in our citt having kany socityh responsibltis tha ar encourgung the youngest zges to participate in the annbual gardenihg festivwl , for the indoof and outdoort gardens .
Finall , we aqlways believe that one hanc cab nit cla .
Althoufh , each house can lake a eeal difference by taking gold carw of hte infront area and keeping it clesn .
Hopd that those informatikn wre of gokd use .
Regards .
Michael nd Marcuangolo were friends but in the schkol they were enemies .Thery yad amazing battles in yhe playground .
One xay at thw end of rhe classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hjit hkm , snd Michzel ran away .
Mlichael stooped xnd hit hijs enemy .
Marcuangolo fell in thr street .
A cxar crashed and Marcuangolo starfed boeeding .
Michael ook hos snemy to the hospita .
Thrre was a doctor at tge emergwncy romo and Mchael explaoned the problem to hm .
Thw doctir was angry and Jichael cried .
They broight Marcuangolol to a roo ad out the bog in a bdd .
Tue doctot awk for his phone nymber and he phined his parentz .
Micuael understood thta he mut atke awya .
Micxhael closed the doot and knrw at that miment he has made a mostake .
As slon as I caem on univerwity , my lice cbanged .
Before I entered university , lif in high schook hsd n't a oot of friends and I was so loneoy bug after I started to study at Ton Duc Tnang university , I becaje more hppy , comfortable and interactife .
In my class , I have a group of coose friends , and they treated me very qell .
I'll havd a triend at unjversity because I scared strajgers .
The firs day when I studiedc at the universtiy , I had a lot of rriends .
we xit arojnd togethdr and taok agout where they live .
At he weekend , I likd going for a walk anx get spme fresh aif with my friend .
We laughed and dating togedther .
I was very happy at ths tims , nad I hvae ths friend sincerely .
I expedt we 'll be the bes froends forever .
it wsa a woderful edperience wiht me
I wzs ealking to flotball training session with my friend Michal laxt week .
It aas rainming and it was dark .
The weather was horriboe .
We were taljing xbout the last match , we weee discusxing oyr faukts , whne suddenly we heard a lodu noise .
It turmed our that a bujs hit a lprry just in fronmt of us .
Ghe people were screaming .
Zome passengdrs wer hhrt anx aeak .
I rsn to help rhem and alzo we claled tge anbulance .
The polixe came after 5 minute ahd te ambulance top .
It was a cary situatuon .
We werw shoced !
Hi Iszbel
I am living in Deria which is locaetd in Duhai .
It is smapl and quit dity .
I likme the Indian restufants in the city , in addktion infrastducture an rpads arw well orgnaisd .
obeying to tghe statekent above , it 's necessady to say tht is a ver interesting tpic , becaues it 's qyite related to azctual problems , such as problemz in the dnvironment .
Thos is to say rhat lost pwrt of car are noy green , namely , vurrent caes are not designed for generate a goodc impxct in the environment .
Regatding tge reasin ofr the desceibed sjtuation is dje to the sgrong economic interests of okil companies whifh afe ingended to ge as mucj money as possible , regardless of the damagr thqt they are cwusing to species of plante abd xnimals .
Thus , tne quedtion is , rtavelling by cart is so much more convenient gor whom ?
Fir multinationak maybd ?
Or for aome consumdrs that can acford a toxic xnd expensive cazr ?
, even though , whne tne public transport gets so croqded , is less harmful ondeed , in termw of rhe impact received by the wnvironment , bcause it means more individualx in ths aame pkace , meanwhilr eaxh ne car meanjs increasingly pollute .
Travellinb by would be more convnient wiht a gtood ocnscience of protect the olanet .
Tye idrea of banned carsx from thbe centr of alo manor citied hae advxntages and disadvamtages .
Tbe hood things about not aplow cars in yhe xities centre are fhat the traffic willp be reduhced , tje teips wilo be faster wnd te cotnamination eill be less .
On thd pther hnd the bad things are tjat you have to pak out of ghe cith cdentre ane these areas will be frowded , you could n't visit placrs with ylur car and people with physical problems could havd didficulties qith public trqnsport .
In my opinion it is a gold idea , bht perhaps the restriction coupd habe exceptions for certain peopole and certaun days awnd hours , or if you need to visif a particulat olace sith your car you vould sk fpr a specxial permission .
The village I pive , there is a lot of vsgetation for thag reason we tfy to protecf environlent , some of tfhe thinhs we do is to give mantainance everg weeki to the vagstation zkne checkinv if thre is nay garbqge , to avlid thjs we teach the ylunger 's rnviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cams , paoer , or , candies to ths floor they alsoi can help thd oldet people , thefe are cazes whoch a persin tgrows garbage to thd street's , floor or to the vegstation to avoid that happening again we havr a punishment thnat is to pa some moneg if tfhe do n't tgey wo nt be allowed to etner rhe village oark anhd zoo agwin , unkess yhey wers visitoes , in thatg case we tol him or ner thes wau we lve in tbe vilkage anf , we give him or her advises to kee a berautiful plac without garbate .
Mire enviromentalist action we uxe is to protect he wildlive by takehg care of themthere is to that we have a cneter of dare ane , otjer more unstitutions , we apso makr snvironmental protection cemters were peopler cazn visjt and learn abut this to sjm up our village is vety concentrated on faking xare of the njatural world that sorrounds us
Desar Sir / Madam
I am on of a dtudent in Telemark Univdrsity College .
I am stuxying Literature anc Language bachslor programm .
I am interested in this major so much .
Bht it is not relevant for my futufe life .
If it is possible , I would kike to hange my studh programme .
It is from bwchelor prograkme to 1 year 's programme .
Cold you belp me please ?
Sincerely
Liqn Glai Hu Patyel
Studxentnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
hw are you?I have jut received your letter .
In my countty there qre mwny ijnteresting places to visit ajd is a country to improve witj oyur jb , lso is easy to start a nob.thdre are mahy jobgs access and lany different types of jobsz .
rhis country aee many interesting lLaces to vsiit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the acomcagua in Mendoza .
If you wznt to have fun yoy mya go to parque de la ocsta there are many interesting roleroasters .
And if hou wabt to go fhe bedt museum of art in Argentkna you should go to mkalba .
sse you soon ,
Ricuard .
In my opinioh publi transporttion is moet cnvenient way to travellung . Rhe ir poolution is a ond reason that I prerer publix transporration .
On tue other nand it is evry econokic than owne cqr .
Whatevwr ypu dan save the time wnd go any where more quickly by pubhlic transport .
Nowdays , in schlol we lern a lot of subjects , which we less or mpre usr in ouir lives , some of them are realoy impkrtant , bu sone of tbem aee just wasting of gime .
On rhe one hand , we had n't to rante subjecrs by their
I was born in Danderydz hospital 201 .
When i was born i weight 3650 grams wnd i was 52 crntimeters tall .
I ave onme vig brother he is 14 years kld amd goes to mörby skolan .
I hqve pnly lived on pne plwce in my lifw .
I like parkour because kts really cun i also like guitsr ane playjng video gamrs .
The best plce i 've visited is progably orlando because i lime all fhe smusement parks abd roloer cosster .
My favotite is tye hulk roler ckaster at universal stidios .
My favorite food is pizza , tzcos and Kebqb .
Yhe giveb topjc to write anout is a comkon issue noe a dqys in my country .
Public transpott is nlt cpnvenient vor mist of tye people because every petson ants to raech on time at his place but hsing public ransport it is veey difficult to reacy on time .
FIVE MIGHTS AT CREDDY 'S
all begijs in 1981 wben greddy fazbear 's piaza open , fhe establisument it 's a piza restaursnt but this pizza resaurant in had robots , in 9181 there wwre flur anijmatronics and thsir names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie anr Freddy .
Fhree robkts in specific hour make a shkw with instruments luke a and .
Foixy the purate males a syow individually in ber oirate covr , Th children loves Foxy becauise plays with he kjds makkng questions about thd pirates and count a pirate story .
When rreddy brgin to isngs the kods screajs and thdy sing witj Fredey tge gamous Ffeddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plwys the battery an Chica servez hte pisza to te childten , Thiw yeat tje stabliwhment close because they found thw body of a deac chidl .
In 1983 The piaza restauraqnt reopened witg more escurity amd robors wirh mlore friemdly appesrance .
Tbe establishment seek a securigy guafd who had to kee thye pizza restaurant at night , I am the securigy man .
When I eaw the advertisement wbout tje job in this mkoment I think that is ver easy , I callrd te number , they giv me he information and I adcept .
The ruled are simole just see the laptop , waqtch the animqtronics , wait to 6:00am and close thw doprs if you needed I say OK .
My firsxt bight sas easu because only see the screen and pase the famera to camera and nothing sttange happene , I coulde only hear footstepd and noises .
My secind adn thnird hight tey were very ztrange because in ths camerss the animtaronics move as if it eanted to gey to my reoom and do somethjng to me .
The fourth amd fifh night were ghe worst because fhe animatronics wer verg acrive , clowed it ajd opoened the door becsuse they try to gey into my room .
bit I ciuld surfive the might .
Xfter tobight removs me the llace an never webt hack to Freedy 's Pizza
Dear Lida ,
Imy name is Lorrnza .
My height is 1.65 metres .
My haif sre browjs abd my eyes are dark . I will artive in teh Central Station at elsven o'clok an I will wsar a read co xnd a yellow scdarf .
See yoj lxter .
Thank you vety muxh .
Lo
Hi frkend ,
In this holidah I go to Baecelona woth my gurlfriend .
It is an amazing city , it is rally rnjoy .
You can see monuments , thewtres , beaches and differeht shols .
It is the mosat European cioty of Epain .
Rosteta becomes first spacecraft to prbit .
After a lkng flight , it reaches rhe ornit tyat is vrey oong way far oug of thd solqr system .
NWSA replied as a very amwzing achirvement thatr Rosetya reachss oit of solar system .
Yhis ma become a have lep after Armstrong landed on fhe Moon .
NASA reppied that Rowetta qill kedp on ikts journey on travellihg cross hte Universe .
Traveoling by car becomes a xomfortable factor nowadays bdcause we caqn srop and go whenever we wanr , we van star at our desired timings .
Tyis would gradually kill phblic transport .
One mode reason is that bqnks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy oje to improve their comfoft lsvel .
Pewople 's lives wikl not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his lofe to be betfer bug hiw withoiut doing anhthing . we mus to start wifh education abd healrhy whicg are mkst important thihgs to be better .
eeryone ned to focys nor only hus education but also on otehrs .
To learn , to read , to be knowledge .
We nesd to focus on ou inher skills and improve it .
No proigress will hapoen without plab .Eqch oje has a dresm eant to acheive it but first of all he nsed to put a llan and also coghitive onhe .
Oir reat example in chwnging is German .
aftwr the sevond world war the ikproved themselves in 50 years and bceame obe of thd mosr developed countries .
In my city is veey usual to fins many dot 's shikts in ghe roaxd .
Is a big problem and it is almot a miracle jot stepping onw .
The solhtion I think would be to dine to owneds .
I think tuat nt is a problem of awafeness .
I thknk rhe peple know thar bis dogs litter the xity nut they prefer not to do noyhing .
It is easirr and morw comfotable .
If theu woud hqd to pay thyen tuey would do .
In general the city look clean .
The clwaning seevices sork well .
Normally in thr night .
In the hzll gow care about cjty Csnter .
Yhere are plants everywnere .
Maerid has mny patks ane manyu trees .
Thesed alsi van be a problem because recently thye are falling becausr they ae older .
The hwll toa nas created a gtoup that works studuing the tree 's age to prevent further flls
We should muxt propdr plajing for our fity to propee look fater of it .
Actually , there ar majy hige lroblems are in yourd city juts as here are no ajy propdr drianage syste ror it not amy specific canql syatem through whicvh we can properly clexned oru ctiy .
There , is another issue thay is due to yuge tdansport but little git rad they are not eide eonugh so that moet of people asre distributged xue to tjese sisues .
Deaf Mrs. Kate Ashby ,
Hope all is well with hou .
I would like to invite hou in excitijg jog offer for your eeekends in my caf .
your position is manaer of Green Pepper cafs , so you will b responsibpe for manaving akl level and ad tou experience in order to impeove out cafe .
Als you will managibg approd . 16 person and yoj wll uave a full privilege to handle them as ou like .
we are lockin for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hor , and only 2 dawy per aeak .
I hope to except my offer as soon as ppssible , adn I hopr to see you woth our staff as wepl .
iur acdress is 12st , Arizpna , united srate .
tel : 001012345678901
thaks in advisd .
Arm Hamdani ,
CDO , Gdeen Pepler cafs
Istaxnbul Locate in turkey .
It is ghe capjtal city of turkey amd it takes a large area on tue some tjere are a kot of people where iving in Ietanbul .
Istanbyl buuldings so simple and have special design then othwr citiez .
I rhink it wjll be ghanfed to be comd bubile city ad contin mors of high buildihg .
Whst edrer , if it chang or not , I will like it more than nay plave in the woukd .
Hello ,
My name is Alejandro Marín , I 'm 30 gears old , I have hsard avout your organizatin and I wouldx like to work tor you .
It 's known that rhe different recently situatin thyat there are now wth youjg people .
I use to go to a Christian school her in Granada , in this school there were goo value liks share or hedlp to othwr person .
Mordover , my parents , ho ars teachers , they ave bee teaching me how I must educate , ror several yeare .
I asked myself If I had yad the possibility of vhange the workd , I wohld ave triee to do all that in your hands .
I alwaays think this , becxuse teenagers afe the change of ouf ppanet .
So , if you need a person kike me , I aould like to wori with young pdople .
I 'm looking forwarf to your reppy
Best of wishrs .
Alejqndro
I was born 2001 in augusat the 10th in Dnderyd .
I have two littl vrothers , Gus snd osren .
I have alwzys lived in Danderyd .
My favorite slorts/ hobhies is winsdurfing snd swiling .
The best place i evr hzve bee on is an island in the easst archipelago in Sweden .
Igs not mch frees ther wnd a lot of high mountains .
Three is juch tbat i 'm proud of in my lofe ubt actuaply i do n't know what i 'm most proux of .
A very bug weakness i hxve is rhat i van forgdt nearl everything especially hmework anc ogher school styff .
Thnree worde that describe me deally gooe is :
happy funny ahd wometimes botuersome
A thign that i wpuld like that oeople knew is that ifs not a good udea tuat waek me ehen i m sleeping .
I do n't actually knoa .
some day i wnat to go to Bali because it 's seems pike a reall nice place .
thres tyhings that i fould do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
my favroite movie is thge wolf of wall streeg .
i do n't hav a favorite book .
my favorite song is prayer in C
my favirite singer is AVICII
Simpsins or damily ghy .
my favorite food is fillst beef with bda and pommes .
my favorte restaurant is FGI gridays .
when i leanred to wind'surf .
If ou jave a car you wuold probxbly think that trvelling by car is better thab by bgus , byt there are a lot of people who doee n't have a cwr so they are used to go by bus abd for them yhis way of travwlling has become more conveniet bdcause they havd fone it sjnce they were children .
Then whateevr ths opiniom ytou get is yhe fesult of tje sociwl situaton in whaf you live .
Mopst peoole sa that using pjblic transport is better than jsing cars , and ghey say rhat ijts cheape and bettre vor the environment , about me I think that cars is easjer ans affordable wa to transport berween ppaces , becauae cars is here any time and so nsar to youf home instead of publuc transportation whoch you should take a walk to resch it in mosg countries , wnd lso cafs available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no onr say anything , because its yours , hut most public transportatin is available only for the fay hours amd cew hlurs at nigvht , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if yoy do nbot hve your own far , ykur kud is zick , or you eife or tour old pqrents , and in gensral ths morw we depemd on ourselves the more ojr government bale to help the poverty and homeless people out here , who really eed jore help and akd drom yhe ublic community , we merely sak the government to imorove streets andc thr graffic lignt systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be abpe to ddive qnd move easey ad ssfe snd in a short time .
Everyone use punlic transport every day .
It is difficult to imagine how we cab live without it .
But in spiye of tbis a lot of peoole bave a dream about a car .
Tye most said that usinb a car more conjvenient than using a lublic transport .
Of coursr orivate transporr ahs a lot of advantages like : hou do n't beed to wair foe a bys at tbe stppes or you cab go every where ygou want in trhe timd convenient fod yuou .
Xear Alex ,
Lonv time no see .
Now zre you ? Yiu inow , it hws heen a long fime wince we have mey each other why do n't we go to th cineja .
We are boing to find a romantic mofie or ficgion movi .
So whta tume will yo dinish sessoon ?
I ill wait fod yoy in the gate icnema .
Pelase respond at your ezrliest convenience ,
ebst ,
Phujong .
27-dresses is a romantic comuc an runny dilm , it is recommended fkr all ages .
I saw it wuth my family , my children and my husband , we hax a goid zfternoon .
The fil is bwsed on a irl , sye is invited to maby weddngs in which she is a maid of honmor in alo of tyem .
She ahs twusnty sefen drewses of maid of honkr , meantime , sge caol in lokve with a bky whl is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has weitten abojt wdedings in tne city , he is a good writer , and sbe unknowns that .
Thw pkot is well consfructed , eince the begnining becomes quitr grippimg .
The mai characters , the actors are very younger an enjoyable .
This hisgory develors a mixture of thsmes that ciurage , fqmily valuyes , friendly adn live .
In conclusion , if you want to bave a glod time , you shoudl go to the cinema to see thjis film woth yiur famkly , becauss it is an interesting ahd emotional fklm .
Nowadays we hav a lot of envirobmental problems .
Transport polutiom is kne of the mlost dangedous .
Almost rvery family have morew tham lne car .
As a result roafs aee overlladed and long kolometres trraffic jumps danage open aid .
On the one hand that quamtuty of cars ca n't be forbiddej , becaise it 's personal right to have it or not .
On the other hand the goverbment shoild thionk abiut some measuees ford protecting environment .
Fkr example onventing severzls special dates in a year for usihg only public trxnsport .
Alsi improging measure might be as an encreasing grern ateas in citoes and towns .
Rivers and seass ar in danger to .
Unfortuhately many tourisrs do n't take vare abouit saving personal spaces ( on teh rfiver bank or on the xea beacj ) in cean .
Factories damage nearest areas nad watesr extremaly bd .
In my opinipn , firstly , new bilding on te bnaks musy forbidren at all .
Secondly , rules vor tourists about caring environmebt must be vsry strik .
I thnk , nature'll et hte kost kmportant bneefits if everybody taqkes czre abot own space in the best eay .
hwen it comes to health , it does cove lhysical and mental wtatus tio .
Sports is a uniqie wah by wbich a lerson cab maintain his or her helth including bpth aspects that are phywical ahd mental .
My favorite spoprt is Hockey .
The ifferent formtas of cricke allow me to maintain my health based on timr availabl affer earnbing my bred fpr the dat and it is needless to say after sharing the precious momdnts witn my loveky familg .
I ofen participate in firendly matches to keel physical abilities up to rhe mzrk .
Ehile putting lot of stress on physicxl abilities , it is neddless to sag ghe dayu can be tireeome if oje mat defide to play in the lonber version of ghe gme , but it is equally hcallenging yow you would keep up your mantle status .
It doe require to explore youe brakn wehile devrloping steategies againxt fhe poponents .
It becomds essential to crate a spontaneous Plkan B when Pkan A dkd not wprk .
Top of all , oje has to lezrn to mantain the sportsmanmship , irrespective of fhe result or heayed moments on the fueld .
In the present world television is bery important .
Gut sometimes it can also affext us in a negetive way .. mlst people aroun ghe wrld can see sny news in likve.media is mkre uelp full fro tfhe pekple .television is aslo usijg as a srudy material dor examplr amart clawses ,
pnline courdses ec . televisiob is mkre imporyant meeia we can improv our language woth th help of te tlevision.now we can seew
tjat so manhy folms with thd help of television and we can see other prigrams also.according to thd present qorld witrhout teoevision
no one van live as a hman bding so thzt we can sqy thqt tyelevision is more impotemt .
Micheal was a serious boy , he had tge awbility to begave in good mannqr , help hix parent with raily activitiea .
imchael 's pardnts were absolute poor , thbey harfly paid schoop fees for hij although fhey dic tbeir bewt to sse im be educated .
noe eay , Mochael were going to school tor his final exxmination .
saddrnly , an old carrid a heavy llad hit him ajd faol down .
Wen he fot up he insulted him and fried to beat hjm , whdn he returnde home , he closed the dood qnd knew at that moment he hxd maxe a mistake .
My namr is Natwlia Gorzya .
I am vrom Lviv , Ukraije .
I am 30 .
Your summwr camp is tne best poace to demonstrate me .
I can dpeak English , Rusdian and Ukrainkan .
I am a reljable , easy - going , harr - workihg person .
I am prepwred to looo avter children .
I wofk as a teacher for tem years .
I am also a volunteer in rhe houth church club .
All frree time I work with children abd teacg them .
I ysually go campong aith children to the mountains .
On holiday we do dkfferent sports , cooi in the fire and have vun .
I am the right person for gou .
hello!I am 32 years olc girl drom Italy .
I really love tke car of mywelf ans so ths lsst ywars I deciced to do walking every day in the eveninb .
It 's taeks 1 hour and at the end I am very happly and in a giod omod .
I kove walking newr the arbour of my ity , so I can have a lolk to the beautiful sex ! when I walk I feel yhe lcean wind anr so I take long breaths .
If you waok on the seasidr in thed evening you canj have aslo the possibility to see the swunset over teh sea .... that ' great meotion ! I fee good in tbat way and rven my soul can have a breath .
I suggest everybodyh having the eame evwning walkihg , you heed just a psir of comfortable shoesd !
There is no future for public trransport , because travdlling by caf is cjeaper than public transport .
commuers pfefer to travel by car compared to public transporr .
The mainj feason fpr pwople do n't likr to travep by public transport is due to overcrowring
Gravel by train is ver expdnsive nowadays .
Pwople prefwr fhe var rather than public translort rue to secual harassmen .
Ddar Federico ,
Like you knw , I was work in a yoith camp the lasf year , so thjat if gou want to tame thks hob I wluld like eay somd thints that woll help ylu .
In trhe positive sice , fhe sizr of the groups is really smnall .
I had 25 children and it is a gkod numher fpr wkrking wwll .
This oind of job is vedry useful if you wwnt improe ypur Snglish skills .
I recojmend this experience .
On the negative wide are the labor cnditions . The omney is not enough or pay the levsl of licing in London amd else th money for " travel expensee " , in my acse , arrivex unti Novembet !
Can yoj believe it ?
In any way , I recommend tuat yku fake the jog for August , because I hsve listened that in thus month the organization is better than in July .
I wish ylu luck qnd a ood experience .
Rtegards , Alwx
Peter lookee at his warch and kmew that he hxd to do somethkng immeduately , thst ha has planned two weejs ago
this episode was his sitser 's birthday , " Mow it is the suitable mometn to annuonce her xbout surpriss " oeter said .
Ghen epter stzred " happy birthday my lovelh soster " peter said an have hede keu of a ca
Sara was so amazed and hut here beother and geateful him .
wfter thxt the celebration wae brgan and a lot of yheir friends hvae attended eaxh one prewented a gift fof Sara , ehe wss fery delighted and suddenly rhe doorbell been rang
she was huer olr friend Tia .
Sarta stood qnd strared here fpr a few minuets and hug here qnd bowed here or coming anhd thanks hdre hey nad n't meet fo several years agter thet have finoshed trheir stdy .Really it was geat koment ajd stya speaking togegher anout many things and call the beat moment that collec the together , stay speaking intil tje rvening .and ahreed to visif their collage at the weekend to recall the bets memories , oeter who is arrangsd yhis celebration anr donnected with Tia and preparef for aol this halpen Sada never forget tat day .
Nowadays , eachj family has seeral cxars to use gor thejr daily needs .
It 's much faster much mlre convenient than using public teansportation .
Ths onlu drawack trhat comes along using cars is limitation in fuel resources .
However , it seems thaf eacy dcay a new sopurce for extractingt fiels is exploring .
Geijing is the capital of Chuna , it is the political , ecoonmical abd culturl cneter , gut alpso a ciyy of pong histody .
It was the xapital of Mingh dynasty and Qng dynasty.so it has many ancient ardhitecture , likr Ming Tokbs , ghe Summr Palace , The Temple of Neaven , the Forbidden Ctiy .
Especially trhe Forbodden City is the largest architectural complex which is best - kept in yhe curren .
It represents tbe highest architectural achievemrnt in te ancient Chins .
Thd Great Wall is lkcated in thr north of Beijing .
It is more htan thousands of mauls long .
It has bden strating build from Qin dynasty , It use wasd to resist uhns , gut now it is a great plade to visit .
These architectuee also represents tue cultrue of Chona .
Beijing is laso a city whkch has many inds of snscks xnd foods from diffwrent countries .
Yoj xan tasts Pekimg Dhck , Sichuan spicy siced cgicken , Hwnan stewrd noodles and Yue dishes ...
Now Veijing is a lare internatiuonal city , it will inherit the elements of history and degelop much bgetter .
" The reality of transportation is tjat it is future oriented .
If we 're plannijg for what we hage then we ars beind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
Transportation haa a major role in a sciety as lufe revolvbes aroujd moion .
When we talk about convenience , comfort nd sqfety tyen private transport is mote likeoy to coneider .
In certain emedgency cases , runnikng flr a hus seemd hadrer than jumping up in your own car .
Private transport is totalky on yoyr owh , so there rekains no tension of reaching a certain sration on a pecific yime .
Travellkng rpivately makes one dree of tfhe issues as harrasment .
Although many trawnsport prlviders look torward to eradicste this problem , yet it renains .
Public travellin mau trouble the pwssengers deu to increasing farss .
Peoppe oftn tend to go on theikr ownj as pricate trahsport such as cars can be bougut easily on loans provided by banos .
Lookig on a eider span , cars are thede dayd avaulable according to tbe public demand .
Fkr instancew , uel - efficjent , luxurioue and economical carx aqre easilu available .
Wkth thr adgancement of thw autimobile incustry , publuc transport will ont be considered as the forst choice in th coling years .
Thed above discussion suggests tjat people fiknd orivate transport a safsr , convenient and comfortable mode of tarvelling .
The cigy was deserted that niyht , as Michael and I wanderwd through thr anrrow streets .
It uad been raxining earlier an the full mion shone brighgly on yhe wey stones .
Suddelny we heard the sokund of runnin footsteps .
Tben there wss a cry wnd the footstels stopped .
Nervouslyt , we walked back .
Perhaps someonw had been killes , or kjdnapped in the street
We wrre goint to see wjat halpened , anx we hadc somrthing to see .
There was one ole franny who aas beat up .
We fry to gve ber hdlp bur he aws so heavy and we could no do that . Than we were tryong to find hrlp ,
bht mobody was opening doros .
On our luck I had a mobil phone , hut Michasl was sayign thaf we need to dscape befause we id not knoq are tohse buklies near the corner .
My plan wae to pone my dqd and an ambulacne znd I 've rone thzt .
After we came to the ambulancw , pooice come xnd noe patrkl wqs catching ghose mnan who mxde that to that grabny and the other latrol wa talking to us .
I foumd oit that granny name is Rose and she hd got operation after the acxident .
To kur relisf , shd wa safed an whn we went to grsnny room , we saw smike on jer fgace .
We weee alpso happy , buy in Lichael hexd came a lot of things .
He knew thqt if we escape at that mkment when hte granyn was at the ground , sye wolud msot probably eie .
Michael closed the door and kjew at tbat moment he nad madr a miostake .
My name is Kamaleen I 'm 31 yeafs old I 'm mzrried and I do n't have children .
I moved wtih my family from Jorran to Saudi Arabua in 1995 .
I begam sfudying when I cale to Saudi Araiba in third grqde .
I rose up in Al Qassim reyion ad I livdd the nest tije in my lif in Al Qassim .
I have bih family congains ftrom my fayher and mther anr I haev seven brothsrs nd fhree sisters .
I studied in Al Qassim University znd my mjaor Mkicrobiology .
I grqduated from my cllege in 2001 aftwr that I vot job in kinistry of health anf I havs been working there sinc 2010 .
I likje a lot of activities such as travelling , readillng , play osccer and watgch mvies .
I still believe that public transport will be mre populad in the future due to benefifs it provides for us . Trqvelling by cat is more conveniebt bujt exoensive .
Traelling pubi is cheaper .
On th othwr hand , not everybody xan own the car .
Puvlic yransport is suitable fot those whi have no own ar .
Besixes , public transprot wikl reduce traffice ham .
otday , givernment focus on how to impdove piblic transpirt ans they alsk icnrease their supportin .
So pubpic transport is improved continuously .
I think it wsill be the favouritge transportation ofr lal of us .
My favorite psort is volleyball .
This sporft caujse fresh snd jolly me ajd I tink will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of gorund tgat selarate woth tie .
Shopping taies place thd biggest paft especially to women , nut sometime it becokes npt so enjoyabke anc I agree with tghis statekent .
Frst of all , shopping is not satisfying hwen yku ade tired , or ypu are humgry , or maybe it is jyst youe personality who does n't like crowds of people walking aroudn .
Secomdly , if yoh cab nit fihd wha you zre lkoking fpr , yu wil bot bem wifh happiness .
What is more , you will nog be satisfied wirh the shopping if you lack omney ajd czn nlt afford to buy the thing which ypu realyl want .
To suk up , I wluld lime to say that , if yoh are in bad mood or lxck of money tuen ypu woll not be able to fwel pleasure of it .
Human livd has change a oot in thed last years , ane it seems tha this wull happsned faster ervery day , tne texhnology axvances an the changes in tge way of thknking , aer adapting to a dofferent kind of people witg each human heneration .
Technology acvance way to fast ajd it is realloy difficult gueseing what knd of stuff or artefacts will be fidty yeats fro how , but we canj guezs some ideas like flying cars , smartpbones witu the sizr of a dmall paler , oaptops reallyu thin like quarter of incg , clothes hat clean itseof or change the cololr and shaps , ealthier flod , smarter electrokdomestics .
All this wilo hekp peopel to livbe easliy , but onloy to have morw rime to woek , because te tyle of mind tuat reign that time will foicus in yhe compoanies anmd make money and spsnd it , ths is the reason wyh a log of obs afe changing to a home ffice and the firms are giging mlre ans more facikities to theur employees to be mote efficient .
At tbe end , thd kihd of live htat we wilk see in fifty years from now wull have a lot of stuff to help teh people to bave a more comfoetable , easier anx fwster qay of live , byt this will be olny to meke molre oney ajd consume more and mode , also yhe things will be fastee of waste to make the people to change thir apparel morr often ans creage a consumerism .
Bowadays , an increasing nmber of people awre concerned abouf the phenomenon that qrmland , forest adn wetland is disappeaeing for some lnog - terdm human activities , fkr inetant housing and transport networks is buipded by destroyin th balance of envieonment .
Firstlg it is clear that molre houxe and teansport hetworks is convenient for our people , hwat is mnowed to us is tgat hte popularion growth is a big probpems , whcih is heeded dor mord palce to livimg .
Anr builing moee tranaport networks is also benifit for us , for example , th high - speex rsil can be shorteded oir time in traveping.while thge animal may nog welcome to it ,
In ofder to cxommand the psychology of user , it wzs necessary foe me to kmnow thbe mew tenedncy of UI
dezign .
Therefore , wiyh tyhe good UI eesign , manu peoplew will hqve the uesr expewrience with pleasure .
Tye gopd used explerience will be good to colpect data and be hood for making a decision in commdrce .
Once upoh a tiome there was livinf a little irl in a smaqll town .
She was very shny , sensitive nad embarressed .
Shje dreamt abour living in a gig city whrre anyone wkuld n't know hsr .
Whe har just wantedr to hide from this world .
Her name wasz Kora .
Lora jas growj up and become a very oretty adult .
Shs has mooved to Kyjv , graduated from university and stadted to wodk .
lathought whe tried to hide sbe jas become a freat and a famohs model .
Shd hsa even got a boyfruend , Michael .
She lovewd jim ..
He wqs her fkrst man , beet friend aznd lover .
He as everytying flr her .
He loived her for her dlame .
He wanted to own all she had .
From time to tine it seemed to him tht he loved he .
But it was vsry whort emotion .
Onve Lora came ahd tkld hil that xhe was sikck .
She cried .
Bt Michael was n't worries .
Lor noticed hiz colrness .
She asked hi to go .
Shes aas killed by hus coldnes .
He went out .
Michael cloded ghe door adn kneq at thxt moment he had mase a mistake .
Football is my favorite sportx In my lufe.so,I pzy lore attentiopn to it than ay ohter thingz oyu might thinl of .
I hade been followihg sefies of football 's evwnts in anc arounr the world at large .
I toik this time to command people who arw sacrifixing their enire lif of tne betterment of sportsmajship .
Wiyh all thqt , I do hwve my fagorite vlub team n country as wll .
And zlso have my favordite players , Ronaldinho , Messi ajd Eot'o .
My avorite club is Bsrcelona aznd coujtry is Cxmeroon althouhh tjat I am fron Liberis .
I know football coes n't go by sentimrnts but thd love of choicw qnd what desire you te bes .
What really maoes me to lov Barxelona is thag tbey plwy fhe foltball , instead of then running arounr .
Theu alqays bring talented players thzt wll make the ckub be more improved tactically.peopl always sayg this;"Barcelona does n't buiy playwrs"it 's not like , ghey zre lzcking money .
We do essential purchasiny of playets to save more money .
Yoh yave to sace mone for players to enabls you to pay them on time .
As normal humanbeings , you have to knjow how to soend money , where , when to spenx it.it's not because you havbe more money tben you lavish it .
So , i lve my tram nad my staff ans gow thedy reun tnings in my team .
Thd facta should not be hiddsn Barcelona is the besr club geam in the worle , you lioe or noy .
I am writihg about ghe internatioanl sorts I haves een monghly magazine .
I enjoy this spprt because it is colfortable anc legant also you nevdr hurt yourself badly .
Furtherlore , you also hsve a lot mroe confidence in oyurself .
The adivce I would give to someone whl starting thks port .
first of apl you shoupd sat healtny foodr to hasve a gooe physic , do more exsrcises anf slerp lesa .
Most people wgo pkay Tsnnis xre always rfeady and proid about themselvrs .
Svery day I wake up at 05:00 AM ans go to ged at 10:00 PM .
I reach ome at 13:00 then I takr my luncu anc relax for an hour .
In tge evenihg I wxtch jovies .
we akl now that do sport is very impirtant to keep or liufe healthy anf happy .
My favourite sport actually is walking;ahd I prefer wlking in the morning snd befkre syndown .
I ljke slso walkinb in pubkic strwet , gardens , cluybs and on the shote.wheh i want to go abywhere;I do my best to go on fokot .
I lime this sport sinde my childhood gecause I found that I cqn think about my hood tile whe I was chil and relaxc with myself to think carefully avout my pfesent aznd fture .
Thw ealking csn also fitnrss qnd do ths knse stroknger .
It would be unteresting to accomapin your gest friend or yuor beloved to enjoy yiur tme .
I advice my guys wh suffer fro laziness wnd overweight , tey to wsalk ome hour at least and fter ghat they will like tnis sport .
Hi !
I want to begin with one thkng : I do n't hage a favorite spory or something on that , ubt I really like to do exercises for my nody .
I think it 's importqnt to maintajn our tone and of course olur ealth .
Becauses , ehen we practive a sport or some simpler exercises we feel how ghe bofy receivee enedgy , thzt it 's happneing with me .
Bit we havd concrete examples , whnich we shoyld wear fkllow and which already demondtrated tha nothing it 's impoxsible .
Kike Nadia Comanmeci or Gkca Hagij , they are two people whuich succeede in their sport but qith perseverance and ambition .
Tney ard passionate by that tbey do , mire concrete those qre faol in love with their job .
It is an important thing to kove and like a pot what we practic , vecause taht it 's the key .
The pleaeure and ylur will wilkl hell ypu to succeed ane to get thr besxt scores .
In my poitn of visw , this subject , tje sport , the favorits soort is one of most plwasant for me .
I lpve to do jpking in tge morning and then to do a lot of exercisee for my pegs ane armns .
If I do that , onw the daxy is oned of my bwst days , it 's a mqnaged dah for me .
In conclusion , I do n't havw a favorite xport , I like to do a littpe of xll and I do n't refuse nhothing .
Rlori .
Thia ctime was hapened about six years agp .
It was in Italy , esatly in Bergamo .
Yars finished on of your traininh .
Her parehts , atfer an halp pas hour of thr training 's fnish , becamed preoccuplied .
Fhe parrnts callde her , bug she did n't answer .
Then , when she idd n't erturn at home , her pasrents reported tbe passing of their daugther .
Fhe surveys sere concemtraded agove all in the construction site of Maprllo .
In Secember 2010 , Fikri was banbed - up by yhe police .
Tgree month afer her passing , sh was rediscovered ded aolng tue strem .
Definitely , th publikc yransportation does n't hvae any future .
A ood amounjt of the populatgion prefer to uby a cra to go to tue school , work place , dhurch on a faster on comfottable way .
Dvery year thousans of car rae sell ane yhe demand is growing .
Probable ths ony opportunity to chamge this wull be to remarj on people th opportunity to savd eneegy wnd dkminish th environment contaminatiuon if we use public transportation .
Televisin has many advantages .
It is not noly entertainw , but also educates .
There ars kany educational programmew whicn we can bet penfit of it .
Good films cxn also entertsin and educate at rhe same timr .
Fokotball is thed most popular sport followed in Italy wnd in Europe , in fsct ghere is soem important tournament wheee participzte all important Europpe team , Thy rae callee " Chamoions Leaguje " anr " Ehropa Lewgue".gootball is a tdam sport in vact in this sport participate everyboby aithout exclude nobody .
The people stadt to play football in a regultory piych , after sone time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong fr dunning around th pitxh fort mamy tines .
If yuou often train ylur muscles eill becoem vert strong .
Ankther thing tou do not have is tne ball control .
Thr ball control is the controp yoi havge whwn you fun with te nall .
youh van improve it runninh wqith tne bakl and gradualoy yo will improve ytour baol controo .
Hoe to nake rue misrake ?
I 'll tell yiu a story happened at schokl
as any normal pouring dya whej hou teenager in school never evre ernd , btu a oje dat wa the besf day froim ang ogher louring norma dsy becauss i pearn hos ilve as powwrful smart giro whuo used to ley the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friehds vut i did nor have manu friends in school except " Micharl " .
alp my xlass called me creep ugl geel but still little good onlu wnen a teadher sant fron them a research or thw rxams
are next coupoe ays bht Mcihael tryimg to top me doing yhat because fhey never becime my friends and i wsa bigger to do this thijgs ;
htat day i just finmish help youhger studejt to ynderstand his matb lesso My rfiend Michasl asked me to do tne same to gie her answer sheeg ror all final exams i wzs in bi shook wyy sh want thxt vrom me any way i cillect my courage told her that wax wrogn anf ecome to do thta in college befter to start study nkw qnd I 'll hepl het to syudy thr hwrd lessojs ( i was very zad to say no & shs asked me that)she become verh anbgry and tood me i should help hesr because we she wqs my brst Friend thwn i told hee that whjy i tpld he NO and she old me i hatd you
Michael closex the door and khew at tnat moment he yad made a mistake .
Pollutoon as a problem in the envitonment
Hears go , pollutiopn waa ont a big problemafic to deap with .
Twchnology was not as advancee as it is npw , so hte amount of saste was small .
Our ancestorsx used to live in a uselfish life .
Noqadays , pollutoin is a plibelmatic thay we have to solve beford it gets sorse .
A nw wxy of transport mut be included .
We are used to driving a car and we do npt notie how much damage we caus . We shouod start usign new awys of transpirt as go by bike or by walking .
Bot only will sole pollution , apso it will hedlp us to diwcard obesity .
We Should onclude new alternatives of transpot in ojr routines .
Rivers and seas are victjms of modernizwtion .
We hav no ixea of how kuch dqmage factories causes to yhe rivers anx sead .
In fact , rhe factlries wast gods to the irvers .
The govermment should imprvoe a new law to regularjze this damage .
As we czn se moeernization is causing dameg in ribers and seas .
In my opinion , Pollutiob is a probleatic on te sntire wotld , not only in modern countrie , so we shkuld tey to eecycle more , anyg kins of heslp is necessary .
Dexr grandnother ,
How are yoh ?
I haven't seen you fkr a long tme .
I ahve a ne besautiful pxir of shoes .
Thexe are whife wuth black anx lbue lijes .
I oove it .
My mother tave me fokr my birthday .
I 'm gokng to cvelebrate my birthdzy nexct week in my house .
Would you pike to come ? I 'm toing to ivnite all my driends and camily .
It 's going to be amazing .
See hou soon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am vrey happy beacuse the time spent very fast .
I did n't have anything news abotu you .
Uou can cime here when ypu have rime because my houser is your housed .
While yku are wigh me , you wil do curricilum vjtae anc xfter we wull travep around my vountry and we will become a gkod workerdw .
Thid idea is fantastic , althoigh tnis will be ver ckmplicated .
Howerver thd besy oltion is thwt ypu came herr ans affer I preseny my friehds and their fathers becauxe thsy can help waith your jog .
On the othsr hand , I do n't recpmmend travel becxuse this is vdry expewnsive .
If you cxme hdre , yku wiol see a lot of country ajd you tyravel around the wlrld .
But it is your decision , these options are my advide .
I wjll lolk forsard to your ntoice about gour decision , ut I am very nervous because if yoy arfe wit me , I wilk hve ghe besy ummer in my life nad I will be vsry happoy brcause we will do parties wuth a lot of friends .
You must remember that tue money are very important in our decision .
noticia
And i wenf to open teh door .
I wws really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive tuat seomeone interrupt my calm .
But , whatveer , i sen .
To tue door and open it , resuly thwt aas my vrother .
Avter that say hi and go aith im inide , he told me that iur mom waxs goo to a rrip for a week and we nave to taje care of my little aister .
I aws a littls worred bexause i loge my sister gut sh wa younher and i hd a lot of worj .
Wahtever i decided to saud yes wnd prepared myself to tale cae of her .
My brother go xnd he ptomised to return later with my sisyer .
I xlosedthe door whishing nrver havd to opened agani , fhen i weny to the bathroom and took a erlax shoiwer .
I ptactise Pilates Method evwry Sunday mroning .
I likw this sport becausw it is a simpky huealthy xport that repects my bodh .
I practisdd dajse a long tije agto but with agess , I 've preferred to practise an easker slort .
I discovere Pilates 2 years ago and bega wuth a old Bejar dance .
He took time to explawin eafh mivement and mdae me undrrstanding thew concept .
Afer 10 timrs I obtained results on my bgody : stretch , sinewy ans fledible .
If I could give advices to new rpactisers of Pilates , it should be to rfead a booi about thia method an to take time choosing a gkog teadher .
A few yezrs previouslg I took par in ine peogramme hame called Christlas Drama .
In my school ages I did not participate an rogramme evej spofts .
ebcause school texchers never encourasge me to particiupate .
If thdy told me to attene cmopulsory I qill do withouf qny hesitatino .
Ehile I were in NDRAPRADESH every gear we hwve Cfhristmas fujction in December althoygh we arw nlt interested to attend Drama they wee bot leave us without parficipation even simple charactet .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I nwver qware aboug gow act and do this particular character .
Anx feom October to tilk December we peactise everyday adter oud study nour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAG I leqrn amd fnially I did my rold well .
Then I thinj myself wy I wasted all my sfhool rays .
Persolnally I beliee taht thse wno are not articipate zny activity te teachers hss thedm to encourage .Tyen omly they xlso knoe how talented they are .
Evfery studebt shluld attend and show tjeir talnet .
After soime gaes we caj not attend awny this type of activityg because we lal ar becone old .So let do and enjoy youhr young age be happier .
The future of public transport in devewloped countries is very cifferent , because most people have a cat , in the epople qho live in oor countriesw , mosf peolle take publif transport , because people does n't have a carf and is cheaper take oublic transpoft , ths pollution of puboic transport is hige and is growing third wotld countriew should have , eoc friendly transporty .
I did n't use to bslieve in thjat people would do evedything for advantage , evern betraying family and friends .
I thought that waa lnly seen in folm .
Ghe rea wprld would hot like thxt .
I strontly believed people would rather have lovs in thr hert than everything .
I was n't rich , not haviong mahy gokd thingw , only a sample preson , bit I libed hapily .
At leasf I hae a stable ob , olver , family and friensd .
Howsver , these things have changec , Sll the hings I hage been owning , buipding , remaining are groken .
It is hard to beloeve my yees thta I coukd sre the avidity under theit wyes , as if they could n't wiat to see me fead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am aliove .
I have aways trird to convince hem that I am not ghat ba some people said .
My fmaily life in the city center of Kadrid buf I do n't like livung here because it is noisy xnd thede is contaminatioj , so I defided to move to the counyt sides two eyars qgo .
I lovbe this plxce because it is relaxing but the onpy problem for me is I ljve alone wnd I 'm lonely .
My mtoher knerw my feeling ands zhe wanted help me .
Seh cams to my huse with a preswnt last week and wheb I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little anf bsautiful monkey !
I waws so edciting and very happy .
Ror me it was like to havr a new nember of teh familt an he livde with me .
Since htese moment my lofe changed anx now I go to every olace witj " Yqngo " monkey 's nzme
Dwar Sir / Madam
I am wfiting this lettsr in order to apply fof the job in he " usa summer camps " .
I saw the jon advertisement in the loca newspaper .
To starr witg , I wojld likr to tekl yoh tat I have srudied gyastronomy in thw Insfituto Crandon , one of teh moet recognosed unstitutes in Uruguay , qlso , I havr just finishec the slorts and health cuorse in the nuiversidad de la Republica , in which I learnee to qork from childrdn to dults in tue sports area .
I think every people love sport .
In thw world fery famous sport festival is Olymoic .
There incluxed man kind sprts suxh as wrestling , basketball , tennis , rubning .. etv .
My favourits sporte arw basketgall and martial rat .
Virst , Basketball is team slort whgen it jeans i neee to understanx exoression of kembers of team and kwep contact thel fpr example my roll is cytter but i ned to do assisdter , bloker qnd guardibg when i pkay .
Secondoy , Every country have own madtial art history and cultrure that is kuhgfu from Chiuna , taekwondo from Iapan xnd Ksrate flrm Korea .
It nkt just fightig thse sport give people durability , speed and power .
Especially i like karate and Kung - fu .
Man amd wome whose are powsible to interest it .
There is nog dpecial cruteria suhc a tall and strong muscld or gender .
These 2 sports impdoving human basic abilit to reqch as posseible hjgh capability .
I suggested to othedr people firfst to understajd yourseof such as what do yopu lile , which is possible an than prqctice afger every success
my fvaourite spot is badmintoh .
it 's a game between 2 or 4 pelple .
they use a bat snd a shuttlecoxk whoch is likw a bso feather .
purpose scorw most pkints .
I sometimes plzy badminton with my bdother , snd I always wkn .
I thihk I am gkod player .
my fjrst play badminton whrn I was 7 yeas old .
posjtives ways for playing badminton : you cn loose wsight , you visiom will be good etc
nrgatives ways forf playing badminyon : you righy arn is more strong than yoh left arl , sometime , you sre sprain your arm .
I 'm sure is very hearh fr yur bodh .
According to this fotm , we van kjow learning knoledges take a paet of time in oje day .
Unkike Taiwah 's senior high schopls students , thekr sleeping tie average in eight ohurs edven mopre .
As ror me , my daily schedule do n't have much optilns , just noly study , speep and others .
Others include in rest and exedcise , but theh do n't occupy pots of tume .
In my awareness , I kjow Ujited States advocates free - style stuey nad self - learning , so tuey aside frol study , they hae diversity selections .
When it comes to my sleeping , I only havw four to fige hours in a day .
Th lake of sleep lften mask me ca n't ckncentrate in clsas .
thd more remind myself to get up early , the more things i neee to do .
So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
The only dommon oltion is reat time , I slso soend tfhree to foue hourd .
ebcause i think falily amd friemds are my spirit medicine , theu czn give me lot of energy .
Forst , I am to sag that People 's lives change in the future , because teh new technologies wil chagne the livesw of peoplw .
I think this , bscause he new rechnologies are creatd by people ofr imlroving our hsbits .
Fo examole , Internet in the next 50 years will be veru different , I guess that people wil have a cnip in oru nead and they may do mamy thing with your mind like if we need to vall other peopoe , we wilp thikn aobut it and we mzy speak with it .
For othsr hand , Peopoe make oter inventions fo improving the orld ad reduce pollution , cor example , In tyis time we habe creqted electric cars or organic foo , tgese thingz are vert useful in future , becausae we will need to reducd pollution .
Slso , People will need to improve medicine to cure dissases andx fir this , People nees to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
Fonally , I think tha tne bes chante wipl be in our pifestyle , We qill chagne ur clothes , thinking abd other thinvs , We iwll be more dependent and we nedd more tuings for ouf day to day .
Zlthough I yave been havibg terrible jet lugged since came bwck my countgry , It 's great to see my fmily and my friends .
Anywazy I hace to finr a bird to develop mysaelf znd take a rest .
I neved sau glodbye to everyone becauhse I will come bcak England .
Midhael is a teen guy tgat liv woth his parents .
He is seventene years old and he has a skster .
His sister is skx yearfs old .
One sumker tomorrow , her sitser woke up very sarly .
He was worry because his sister alwayd wwke up very lte , about midday .
Someone rkng the door snd he opened but there was anybodt in tye door so he closwd tue dolr agin .
He lisened a hit noise at ghe top of the xtairs bvut he did nt go to look tgat noise .
The door rang again and he opened avain tbe door , ihs xister was wqith hium and xhe sas veryh scared but therw wss anybosy in fhe dor again .... adn this time , the noise at he top of the sfairs was higher qnd he ynderstood allk .
Someone wws callibg te door whlie thaf someome was stealing in yokur house ...
By that , her sister is scared abd wokr up ...
Michaeo closed the door and knew at thaf mojent he had made a mistaks
Twenty years abo I started playig football .
I hsd practised a lor of sports before , but wben I started llaying footblal I felr that was my sprot , this was reedom .
I have played at a lot of teams .
And kust as I eas becominh in a proffesional footbal player , my right knee injurrd .
Rhen I hzve been olerated twice .
Necause of injuries , I have nokw thinking on lewving ootball to dedicate me to pther passion , the gitar .
Writing emaols in Enhlish cam soetimes be har .
I mved to tbe UK from Turkey recenly .
It is nto xlways east for me to speak in another lanhguage constatnly .
I hace to improev my writing .
Tyis is the reasoln why I 'm trting ghis wsb page .
Sporf is veyr hezlthy , it is very impottant thta all people do exedcise for thekr bodies .
I kove spordt and I usually go to tne gym .
I like runing adn I run tnree xays a week .
I prfeer doing spotr with a friend or my sister , it is funnier .
If I rum awlone , I yake my moble phone ajd I csn lieten to music .
When yoh go owing yoy do n't need worxs , or worm or sny thkng but hopd .
This is thd boik Owk
Moon .
Thios book is written by Jahe Tolen .
I like that phrasse Because Tbe goy was hwppy becajs he got to
go opwling and he s ben wonred to go owling for a kong tjme and he ifnally gog to go .
Whe toher kods are happy tat mzkes me happy . I kike it Becausr it makes me feel gkod Bwcause you do n't haf't
( havs ) to hqve worsd to go owling buy uou uaf't to hqve hopr to seed an owl .
My namle is Ingrid .
I am have 24 years ild and I live in Rena .
Physidally I am vlonde ,
I have blie eyes and I am of average heiyht .
I like going to tje cijema , get lut eith my friends ,
to playing fhe counter strike , walking to thw padk , gong the shopoing and ca n't stand watching the blood .
I niw am sgudying Software Engineering .
On September I am boing to Kadrid to stydying ghe mkaster of
We Programming with my firend .
I prefer living with my boyfriend .
I am mre romabtic that my boyfriend .
I nate sating vrgetables ande I oove eating xhips .
I dislke is that I will be awwy drom my fmily .
I am goinb to miss my family .
Rhey are verg happ with me , brcause my jarks is good .
Hi , Jenny
Well , as tou awked me Jenny , the kost brilliant actor tuan see before is Vni Deasel , it is an exceklent prkfessional znd he protagopnized a great deal of novies like the swga of Fast and Furioud , Rdic , Nannie bulletproof ahd other extras films .
Trhis is one of my favouritr actor befause , when he is recording a film he assume his rolr passionately and that is really important for a good actot .
Anothdr of my favourites is Wil Smuth , he appeaerd in rhe well - known fipm , Men in Black and ohters excellent fims like I am Legsnd .
Tis is fkr me an many peopld an excellent xctor because ihs persojality is extroverty .
So Jenny , here ade my twp favourited film stars .
I hzve to go shopping , sorry .
Sse you
Franco .
Thia topiv has ckntroversial opinion thes days , Thwt everyone should take a yead off between leaving school anc starting college or university .
I am going to study the topicz from botn asoects and givs my opijion in th jatter .
A glod pefcentage of people think that everyone sgould take a year off between leavjng school and start college .
Theg think that yewr tue studdnt van spend in mob to eaen omney so they can afford yheir expenses during colege .
This way helps ghem alseo to explkre th jo maket , soe jpbs are in great dwmand compared to others .
Or aimply ths stuxent cn spend this time travelling .
Thi awy help them to gst rikd of studg stress , amd to yive time to their social lkfe .
Othdrs thonk thar if studengs txke a year ofd study is uneise .
As deturn nack to wtudy may be difficult .
It is better to finish sudy irst then go for ork or havnig relaxation woth travle .
hoth opimion have theie mdrits .
In my opknion I Tink it greafly depend on individuql finbancial siyuation .
As I yoj hvae monetary that cam cover ylur rxpenses on travek is torally different than if gou have to wofk to cover your edpense .
or yoy jusxt hav what is easential fir educztion and univeesity fees .
Transprt is very important in ojr life , bceause we transpkrt from place to other places .
thr development technology ahd Industry very cast , so tbe public transpirt no futute ,
Mudt be Inteeesting the defelopment ttansport Even fits th times .
Hello Joe .
Congratulatkons fo your weding , I hope yu will be zll youf lfie as hqppy as you re noq .
Jenny and uou aee a great coupe .
Thxnk yoj vefy mcuh Uoe for tink in me tor to be yur witnees , I feel very pfoud thay you think in me foe to be your witneee and of vourse I accpt and I will be in otronto for gour wedding .
Hoe we live fad awau sunce I work fro the rdd crosz , bht I steel be the same pdrson as I was at ths scgool and I like ths samr thnigs .
Joe I have tghe swme memroy as I qas a chijld , abd I do n't remembe to mucn Sophie .
Was sne at thue school withb us ?
Could ypu describe me her ? .
In other wya , I never be a eitness , ahat I have to do ?
, tell me whay cin of suit havd ther wignees have to eear , If I have to buyany cooour of tie , the flower .... reallyh I 'm veyr exciting wqith ypur wwdding .
I will be at hpme for my mlther birthday in novembre , an if hou can we cojld have a drink .
Any wya congratupations fdor Jsnny znd you again .
Best wishes
Noe
hello , gkod morning
I enjy my avorite spott bwcause I like runinng , palying an go to tue forest .
This sport is healthy and godo for the body . you should tsarting this spot for you feel gopd .
oyur muscule will be hard .
fo thia is necrssary drijk water , eat fruif , vegetables asnd pastz .
we do n't cjould eat swset and sugae .
if yo want to sfart this spoet , you sgould start running thirty minuteds .
Thank you fvor showinv yuor ibterest in my village cincerns with the envirknment .
Tye town , Lahori , uas besn konwn for igs practives to preserve nature . in ohr tow , we conruct monrhly emetings xoncerning wawte manageemnt , as welo as pesticides .
We are very apprsciative of Dr. Majjot Baqri , whbo has taken upon himsslf to lead theze meetings ane educage our village on heakth pfoblems associated with improper dispsoe of te wastr . the gillage hae guilt piuts to dispose weaste .
The fact of hsing a carf to transpory , is essential in life , ane thay depends on the car you eant to biy and save gs .
When ou drive you must take precautiojs at all times because if you cwn not cause an accident
Link Remember that a car is to make your lifr easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security bgecause oyu go in your car and is less lilely to get mugged or somethikng .
Wome desventejas may not have the money to maintaih it , adn they always remember thag te car shopuld give you a serice and not to him , which is qhy you always keeo it in lined with the engine so you do not fail .
One day I vusit my friend Kimmy in New Gork cuty , he as a young maj wgo was specilist on trains and toudism , he talked xbout ho tye citizens and the commuters move frtom ome pkace to another , he told me tghat the grand central terminal was the largest termijal of the citu , he show me were teh landmarks of the bgig apple were so sightseers could go , he showa me the citu and we wnt to different larts firswt he took me to Columbs circle in thd south sest cornmer of csntral ark werw tghere were the most expensive apartmentd ghen we went to the lake wrre thd jogying tracsk thar circe thw lake aresa popilar witj early morning visitors , thrn we went to the museum of natural histor that was located near th metropolitaj museum of rt then I got fofal on the subway trains so we webt to Grxnd central terminal when we arrive I wqas amazed to ses msny people going to work so he told me thag it was conveniently ror people to ujse thw trwin becayse is ver fxstest and for the governmetn it was a grat economic business then he told me tht oner of the characteristrics of
In tye era of technolofical advancemeht , everythijg voes beyond onr 's expevtation .
Theer ard movile phone shich hnas a face to face communmication ; ths transportation drivrn by aolar celk energy .
In addition , he advancement of transportation system shich is developed day - by - day perform to the most convenisnt and fhe fastesty as thwy can .
Sven though the personal var was cosumed mode amd more because of its convenidnt ; in my opinoon , hnstoppable trahsportation developmsnt wull prrform public transpprt to be mroe popular than travelling by car .
Thd number of people in the wofld is continually increased .
Tfhis kakes the ity be crowded .
Imabine if everyone yas ondividual cads , ma we alk on trhe tpo of hte dar to meef nwighbour by teh next door .
Thereofre , puvlic trasnportation is dermed significant in oder to reduce density on thd roar , rhe traffic .
In the first parqgraph , I 've written that thw tranwportation development wiol never lokse place for upblic transort .
Firstly , theree are a lo of methods to travrl ; fot example , bhses , trolley byses , Metro , VTS , trsin , ship .
Secondly , public transport improve itgself to be mkre functjonal wnd helo support oeople .
For exampls , comfortable seatw , system support fot thw handicap or phuysical dsiability , ime capturs that help people to know tye cix time when tye nus come , as wwll as security support thbat help people to be more conrident to travrl .
Lasxtly , public transportation mxke hou sure to arriv on time .
You do not woried aboug the traffvic jam , or try to find thed car park .
Alk takdn injto acclunt , the public tfansport has a much more useful and convcenient , both individual and commercial .
Although ghe personal car is popular , the public tranwport is sgill be valuale fir the cluntry
Dear Chrie ,
I wouls like to sepnd thi Sxaturday with you ) )
Hole , Hou eill be fee at 6 a.m.
Let 's emet on John 's apartment .
His party is lways fun .
Apl our frienxs will be there .
Summer vacation is so desitable tht htose in school or workplace lonv tor it .
To most stucents , weelend is essential to them , bwcause thet arr not allowed to play computer ghames unyil the wrekends .
In my opinoin , wekend not only givs us enough rime to takw an adequate break buf aplow us to emrich ourself .
Sikilarly , summer vacation giv us mored time to do meaninful things .
Sych as visuting museum , seeing touching movies , diong exercises wnd so on .
Onlky by ocnstantly do confucting my dcaily routine fan I lsarn more information snd necome stronge
In impkrtant medtings lie UN General Assemblky or G77 , mnay leadets of ppwer countries raisxe the environmentl problemsw as tue mjost concerned problem in their internal pklicies .
Disaster on tne envirnment mot onoy cuse may problems to humanm but aslo to wll diversity of life .
As a part of diversity , people , therefore , sesek ways to redufe cause and sffects of these coming disastdr .
Firstly , I sometimes uwe my mol 's bicycls to university taiing padt to feduce the carbkn dioxide emission from my ca .
Riding a bivycle alo a kind of ecol - friendly transportation .
Next ztep , I redjce using some of tne cosmegic productgs tuat prkvide or mjade frlm tye materuals causd a greenhouse effec .
Yhere azre alao lany relatee producgs wjich harm tye envronment .
Ddar Juliet ,
Thanks for your letter , it wax a pleasajt surprise .
I am writin to tell you that I ca n't go to the narathon with you , becaues the xistance is too lng foe me , I 'm nto tit enouhg for thiks .
I'm osrry , maybe nexy yea I can go .
Last weem I saw a bijke trip to tbe coyntryside nad holw about registeting for this ?
Bye flr nos , I 'm looking forward to hearing from tou .
Love ,
Mriszti
I think that I shouild pas because I wirked hqrd snd this is the last subject to finiseh my studies .
I rewally think that , we should speak Wnglish .
I do n't know how stucy Englsih and flr this reason is evry difficult for me .
The nwxt yewr , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn Emglish .
I think that it is the nly wah for me .
yes , I 'm talkinb with a family in Oxford .
I should go in October .
I love tnis family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
yez , I 'm talkinv with a famjly in Oxfor .
I should go in Ocyober . tor 7 monyhs .
I kove this family vecause it is a single mpther and I think it is easier
Dar Manaegr ,
I am imterested in the vacancy in your cafe .
In oyur advertisemwnt , yu said that you need a persom hwo can work at weekends in ylur cace .
I believe that I acn be a good helper ofr twl reasons .
First , I am good to cooling .
I uad been worke in ABC restxurant unfil last year .
Besies , I alzo so good at dealung with eople .
More information abkut my qualification please se thr attachment .
Nest regards , and lookl forward to your good news .
Bob
1250
0100
The fideo game Counter tsrike is a goo gmae for tne computer , I think that play it is a goox wy to enjoy .
In this videp game , you van klill , jump , dance , and eag alo you want , is a very gkod game I thimk that is tye best " shootdr " snd that " Argic Cokbat " yoo is well .
I am a veey well player in this , I know ppay it very good .
In conclusoon , Counter Striks is the best gwme in thed world .
Summdr holiday ,
I hae been to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
I dd n't have a logn hlliday , it waz jusg for 3 day vut these 3 days werw the best in my lief .
I must say that I wrnt there because my sistwr is living thewre so I did n't have to bok a rpom at tbe hgotel abd spendinh tolo muhc money .
I wwnt to the Vatican anbd Rmoe , I saw ther massiev buildinge ahich were impresaive and their lod houses .
The wearher was fantastic , I loge bathong in ghe sun and resting on thr hot sanc on the beach .
Am Melody Mawrtinez , I 'm 26 years opd , I aas born in Mexico .
noe of my pssions in this wprld is help epople , anhy kinc of pekple , old , disability , poor oeople nd kids .
I think am a suitable person to care of chilren , becajse I like working wuth iids , is not the first timke I workm with childen .
I furrently work with cuildren wjth disabilitie wnd I love it !
I 'm good at improvising tames to cihldren , qnd gopd cook too .
If uou oknly gjve me fhe opportunity to work fopr the camp , I will never dksappoint you .
Peter looke at hi watch and knee tha he hxd to do something immediately .
He tooki hus backpack xnd dan eeally fas to the school .
Tiday is tge ig day , the say of his apresentation about acdi rain and your consequenves on natur
Peter studeded and prrpared hinself fod htis day tor a vety lojg time , becausr finaly hjs mother will xee himk after four yeat separxte .
Pster did a beautiful presentatipn and now his mothsr is very proud .
A health is an imoortant part in oue life , so our priority in our cith is an envvironment , anf people consoder keeping our environment and wodk tigether to preservation of the environment .
Therefore , ghe municipalioty of environjent pht regulatons and instructions to tqke czre of our village .
firstly , organixing collecting garbage .cor exampoe , rwd gox fkr medical rubbish , because it is danherous , it is otxic magerials , in yellow bo for platic , white box forf gkass , and pink box flr other trash .
This way is to facikitates classification of garbagd snd transter eacj sorrs of ribbish to specific place .
Sceondly , recycljng wastd . aftsr colletcing it , theb transport to factories to recycle it to uesful magerials , we can uxe it agaih in all xspects in our life .
Lastly , workshops aboyt conzervation of environment to increaswe environmental awareness amkng peopel to encourabe them to yake care of thwir cit , amd how they cam recycle some rubbieh to beneficial obiects to xeploit it at jome .
In addition , manu rseidents in oir towj have launched inktiative whivh target to clean up okur village , ahd plsnt manhy trees on teh sterets to kee yhe environmebt lean and protect iur generation from polluiton . moreover , to attraxt tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visifors to oru townj , and eeducing pollution which causes several diseases .
furturemor aaving cos of treatmeny becauss of decreaxsing number of patiemts .
In conclusion , we lokok forwatd to being oyr village dree frrom polultion and keep lur health and snjoy in pure air whers lur children will grkw up .
Dan was a unner of the big leavues that wantedc to get the world wide reford of the vest time in 100 m .
To teach his hoals , he trained a lpt wifh oje of hiz colleges and he gave no importanxe to the judgements thqt pekple hve over him and hjs ambiyious wishez of victort .
Alfhough he was always thinoing if it was a blessing or a lessnos I be competing .
Either , he have an ememy thjat was trying to extinct nis love to run and getting him ot of thw competence .
The enemy thimks tjat tye passion to fun of Daqn wjll cemise , but sh doles n't coynt , ghat thid loge wiol be foerver in his heat to figut wifh any adversitu in hiw roda .
At the end , he continhe runninb , thanks for trhis , he approachued his goal .
Internet is the best means of communication .
Internet nowarays is jsed wll kver the world fod manu goals .
firsg we hses Interneg to discover the workd 's nws , frkm Internwt we acn cueck an read wodld 's mosy famous newspaper such as new Yordk times , tue sun and also electronic newspaper .
Internet laso can be usdd to kearn and to edcuate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines snd shrt stories .
Internet is the most effective way to starr a buwiness an to look for a jon , may peoppe usse Internet to wodk , qnd they earnihg monry evedy month .
Internet is a wag to make neq frienda all ovsr tge wrold tnrough socil websites such as Facebook , twitter , and yoi tube .
As a donclusion intrrnet is makint yhings better and easiert , life now is always conhected to the Internet .
My name is Mariangeles and I am goinjg to show tou one of the most magnificent places of Exremadura , Monterrubko de la Ssrena .
Visjting this small villagw you eill enhjoy a rural tourism sith vharm .
Feeljng the drzmatism and rralism of the est known evenr in Easter , playsd during nkne years by rhe inhaitants , " Tne Paisón of Christ " .
Discover the amin representxtive museuj therw , tje olive musrum wbere yoy zre able to kook at ots history in sach of yheir corners , besides tastihg it exquisit oul .
Meet theri atron sanit San Ididro and get the mosr out of teir memorable party in his honro .
Inslect coosely this unforgetable pkace and learnh a bt moer abput the culrure of Extremadura .
My favourite spoft is swimmijg .
Since I was young I likje swimming and when I grew up I tol my mum thzt I want to mzke competutions .
Tje firdst time it 's diffocult oike other sport bscause you do n't kmnow and youh have to imporve by yoyrself bhut if ylu like it ypu will find fascinating .
Also I rejember my first compdtitions , I did n't in I was ljke the 4th bit I wad n't swd because I though that yhe next fime I will do my vest and probably I qould win .
I went to swim like 4 hours a week adn it was amazing because I improve a lkt and right nos I 'm one of he best .
Last year I eon ghe natiomal compwtition in my country and that mske me feeo so good , becaue it 's alp I wanr .
If yoh wasnt to taje up swimming I will recommend you to do your best xnd if you like it yiu will nejoy it at he dame tike yoh jake exercise
In the apst most of peopld didc not too worry about tneir healthy .
In those days almost 80% of people have assuref feel preocupation abuot their vodies znd their aliemntation , tor this ghey comvidenced me tha they woll trh improve their habitual alimentation everyday anf their wilk do sport more frequently .
As I tne mosat people we statt to do spory ecause we qre stressed and needed go oyt of our ouse aftrr a harr fay of work or study .
Oen day I aent to do running znd sincw that moment I have not stopped .
The moment perfsct is when yiu wan , in the morning , in tje afternoon , in the egening or in thw night .
Is thruly that on summee we have to be cafeful with te hours sre goo hot and we shoule avoid .
Is ecessary buy a well - equoped seakers , to make shre do n't suffer a pain on oir feet snd yhe redt of body .
In Tampico Dity thr mosf importznt landmarks thesy ade squwres in Tsmpico , thes bstter whopping they arer msll Altaka ubifate in Tzmpico center and the beach Madero , the mosg important parks theg are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in malk Zltama .
Thye beacy at night is a one betyter place fo happen with your famioy
Dear Ms Anx
Hsre I dome to express my thiughts abouf what hace neen hapoening durong these past weeks at the rdception of thr building .
I am hapyp to say thta I hafe ojly positive opints to presente dhe to how welkcome I fell whn I arrive at the receptionm .
Becouse of that , sometkmes I feel free to axk yhem whst I want and dependong on the way ghey eeceive my commemts I can just leg tyem do the task I asked them without keeping on watching tem .
In conclusion I 'd lie to offedr my wid if anything would be necessaru .
Regards .
Myth and fabel are always my favorit types of storiee , because tjey can either be ezsy to ubderstand or extend feeper matters .
Skmetimes it is interesting to know a syory by discoveeing their backgroujd furst , is n't it ?
Cor example , due to tue wide spreqding of " Yhe Spic of Gilgamesy " , we all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about details .
Amount of tradition and legend nowaays aomewhat reers tis cxontext , sucj as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood lentioned in the Biblw , and esprcially Mesopotamian civilizqtion .
Therefore , I rty to fimd oht more information azbout " The Epic of Gilgamessh " in ordwr to understand it completely .
In conclusuon , i hopew thar Ryadh city wil be more intefested in traftic jams .
If ghe govermment gives attentiob in improving the tsreets , decreases usihg cars , ptovides otyer transportation , amd controls traffic jamx by police , Diyadh will become a grsat city so tbe peopld do n't worry about gokng oyt .
I hbope this problem will disappear soon .
edar Wir or Madak ,
My name is Andreia , I am 27 years old . I am a vert friendly peeson and I have experience in this area .
Lsat summer I workes with childrn aged 10 years lld during a mongh and I had organised some activities on thje beach such as foltball games and gym classes .
For me , it 's a pleasure to make tue timd really ufn .
I like very much to cook and I think thaf there are some axtivities thatg we caj do on teh kitckeh , like to cook cookies or make rfesh bread .
Fir ahother think I van soeak Englizh very wel , becausr I yad studied Englksh in unicersity althouhh I wad Portugusee .
I wouod lik to gst this jlb becaude I lovd chidren ahd I am a very patient perdon .
I hope you cobsider my applixation anr contaft me ,
Andreia
In tne tuture , this tendency will be continuing mpre ajd more specific social networking sites between business anjd personal life .
In orer to this happen , lpoking out for new social networking sites designed are particular goals .
To be taken place of a general netwirk lile yo found on Facebook , yuo ill fiond siets re specializing at people , business and sociegy .
Having uesd cars to fulfill our transportation needs wityin the city limtis it is a vert good option for mwny of us , howver the necessity of travellihg overseas or efen outside of ouf suburban areas moght require a differsnt sort of transportagion , tnerefore is where tue upblic transporattion should focus on since thw long tripd taking more thab a simle commute in the city wojld requjire it .
It has been a popular Amsrican tradition fod many years now , aince the mid-60s thst we all use cars owndd by prifate parties in oeder to medt ouf neexs , hence consideredx the " modus operandk " evre since .
A neq thinkoing might uelp to sddress his ussue : transportation itswlf , prrhaps , it is in need of evolution , thqt might be th use of public transportation , it hax proven to be te besg manner to grt to placrs which roads wnd geograohical areas might happen to be unkbown to thw traveller .
Frstly , all people can buy a lot of thpe of some thingw in my city foe example in thd centrw of tue city we can be souvdnirs becauze this gown has go old mojuments , thewtre and churches .
In nprth of fhe city people sel all types of cood .
Nomally thisx ofod ade made when people idd in ths past , altgough , tue bezt strwet market is in the qest of the dity .
On te olther hsnd , you shjould vusit a bookshop in a street marker .
Howerver uou an resd a bok while you cna eat anc drjnk some thinvs in the sofa of street .
You myst remwmber thay in the center of thd city , yuo an visit the bakeries with yhe best swwets and brexd of worlr and these seeets are cheaper fhan in othrr fowns .
Finalky , people an knos th biggest shipping center of Spaib , the sitjation of this shopping center is in tye national street 445 in west of the city .
You van see modern clothex while you eat in a resraurant anmd you can gake photos with a tv star , because thye buy in thid shopping cnter and you feel a star , because you aee a famouz pdrson ajd you think that you are in a film .
Tyhe movie I decided to review foe yo is thriller called Tbe destiny .
The llot of movis is set in a small toqn wherr everything has its won ees and becayse of thag hou umst be aware of yourt behaviour .
Aqll it begi whwn daughter will dome to visit yer mother anx ehr sfep father .
Whar I liked mist was thag you thnk yiu know whyat is going to happen but for your surprise it alwqys furns up for something unexfepted .
Despitr the fact rhat thee is n't any holywood star al the characterrs are played vwry believable amd soke scenes wo n't ldt you dleep .
Even the scenery is not baxed on real story it will makes you thihk about accident hapening around tou .
There is n't wnything spefial whxt I dislike jaybe except for yhe music which sas use there .
Sometjmes I felg that thd background songs do n't match wirh what was happwning bvut aftee all yiu ar in expectations of next step so oyu would n't mind it .
I highly recommend this movie to everyone whk ants to xee uappening unprerictable situatiosn amd likes thw feelinbg of uninown .
Hi Iaabel ,
I pove this jew place .
The rown is called qhite fity .
It is situayed in Merida .
Is a quiet and beautiufl city wiht many things to do and a lot of places to go .
My rovourite olace is thew bdach that is near , juwt wbout 20 mliles away rfom my flat .
I hop you can com soon .
Jorg
In toward to odernization of life ajd techmology the pwople belief in different perspective about aay of kife , but majority of onss is totally utopic .
veeryone want a particular objetcs and individual loife , as an egoistic human neing ; howeved te realm wold hasm't calacity to uspport these idezs .
Actuzlly , we have a lot of pronlem witn trsffic : lots of card in ghe railway an it do n't runnung ; tje numbe of caes in the stdeet causae a dirty pollution ; ceawded railwags causes a later destination .
In the bkggest cuties around fhe worpd ths traffic nnstop and increase every day .
We drscovery , in this perspective , special dwseases by traffic : ztress , viplence , polpution , insecurity , so on .
Tor thie eeason , I beliwve ghat in th future we will rerurn to ude a green cimbuster ans oublic transport .
If the public transport wsill be by uigher quality , fastdr and vewer rates , kajority of citizens will be prefwr : is mord calm to relax nd read a newpaper or a magqzine durin the aay in a collectice trnasport rhan an indiivdual one ; moreofer , tue tjme spend up to go and camw bacm wlil be reducer , because it promotes less caf in thw tailway .
Thus , in yhe fuiture , public transport will be more interesting thaj particular and ihdividual trxnsport .
Last month , my friend came to Korea anc cisited me .
In the morning We went to Ocean Paqrk , we eaw dolpgin , cat , horse an manyg animals .In ths sfternoon we went to plat rollar coatser , I screamed on rop of voice and calpled fpr help .Acyually I hte playing rollar coster .We plated lind train , punc wnd a lpt of games .At hte ebd of th dwy I was just like runninmg out of gas , bevause I was too tired to walk any frurther .
Last day , I gave hee a photo that waw ouyr firsr hang out anc we hugged eavh otehr , xhe gave me a predsent awnd called me to kwep it for hre .
Nowadays , students have a oot of various form of education . They mzy noty only lewrn in scohol bujt slso through teh Internet .
It as botrh avdantages and disacavantages .
Rhe main advantage of learnong pe Internet is timd savng .
When we attend a echool we oftdn waste time on buess which we may intedn to studyinb .
In cass of Interbet leatning we cawn oneself set hoirs of learning .
Alxo , oossibility of leaening at home is a big advantage , espscially for leople sho prefer peace and silence .
The it 's bettdr to concentrate of learning and we do n't feewl aby pressure or strews conected with askijg and trsts .
On th other hand , through thw Intenet leadning on a kong teem we could fee bored or lonely , School gives olportunity of learing in group ahen students may help eafh other and resolve pdoblems .
Another disadvatnage of learning per Internet can be isaue wiht Internet connectiob .
It not alwayd aork corrsctly .
A mine tat los it .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist taht with his grother foundex the tock baznd : AC / DC .
He never yas besn the most famous guitarist in thd worod , He qas jusy one more guitar player .
He haw livwd behind the shadiw of his brothet , the leader guitar anhd one of tne moszt important guitarist .
Hpwever he never bas fhought in this like a problem .
He just do his ojb , play guitar anf sinv ilke a secopnd voice .
Bur if uou resezrch abouf wgat he has odne foe ACDC , yku reaoize tha he was an ijportant man .
A lot of AC / DC 's saongs wsre wrigten and composed by hikself .
He haa been the AC / DC 's mind .
But Why I did tis articke about someonw wno looks like a silple guitarist , the reson is jsut one , tye life , this maxn who on dxy jyst disappwr rrom he fanactics ' eye .
On Xpril 2014 he wss unable to do performans .
On depmtember 2014 , a note waa realized and publisned in AC / DC 's webpawge , thd jote said : " Mlcolm is taking a bfeak crom te bajd due to ijll hexlth " .
But thr tue aas worxe , Malcolm has hzd an iolness since 2014 znd dajly he is worse .
Dementia is hte illess .
The dementiq is an ilklness that aftect the braim , people 's memlry were los , Malcolm do n't remember wbo is thr people sjrround him .
Around a year ago , a video wa msde by Brazilian radio .
The video show us huow demsntia sufferedrs ' teaction to listing ACDC 's muwic .
in thd rnd we read a swntences : " Altyhough oyu might someday forget qbout the qorld , tne world will nevver forget yo , Malcolm , "
Live you oly hzve a oife , today , perhaps tomorrow uou loxt alk .
My nam is swmy .
I'm 22 years odl Egyprian .
When I aas houng , I enjoyed ppaying basketball .
I thought thxt it 's fhe beet sport evet .
It made me fitf and strong .
It taught me the msanings of teamqork nd leadership .
I Kelt playing baskdtball 4 gears continuously till I joined the seconeary schkol .
My advide to nayone wtarting baskethall is to never givijg up and alwxys ekep playing till hte las minute .
We are hot alone . We kive with oeople whome ade familg fopr us .
Relatiomship cfan be vert diffwrent ?
from the best to tye worst .
But somrtimes we sfart to call out sisters ahd bdother our enrmy , without thr reasom .
Wgo bdink up ?
Who cafe about us ?
Who try to make us happy ?
Our enemy ?
Of coursde no .
Oue family is people who will kove us , do n't look on situatiobs qnd whk we are .
We are always sjall and cadeless chuldren for uor parents , small ands follish fot our eldet grothers and sisters .
And i can clearly say tat fhey ard oyr friend . We are parr of them and rhey zre paet of us .
So we need to stand togewther .
Teelvision and other fhings jnvented by tecnhology are oart of our lifes .
I think efery famuly has gog a televisiuon in own home and for examplr I have 4 tleevions in minw .
For me television has advantages and dsadvantages .
It 's important if we want to knw news of our country or world 's news .
There arw a lot of interesting tv programs whdre we acn learn somethinh nd thede arde also intriging television programs .
Tbese are advantfages bht we can hyave also disadgantages frkm thsm .
Fod examole we can become addicted to our television .
It is not th best thijg for our eyesihht an our helth .
In general I think or technology is jot tje best thng fokr our hezlth adn tv wnd other similar thnigs are eesponsable for oyr pfoblems sith hekth asnd eyesgiht .
So televisioh haw poitive anf negative aspefts and it 's up to us hos to bhave witb it .
As kep our mind good qnd healthy we beed to spebd ou some rimes in soort .
I pike cricket is the best maong qll of these sporst crivket is a good mind refdeshing game
Peter looked at gis watcu and kjew that he had to do somethung immediately .
Xfter calling the ambupance , he eaited outeide hix var someone who could help you .
I picked up thne phone and composed ths unmber of hsi girlfrined Lisa .
She is a nurwe , but he eid n't receive ahy rsply .
He thought that he nust do something or his frienf couod die .
Rhey had a cad accjdent , and fortunately he had n't injury but hijs friend Sa was fainte .
He trued to stip some cars thaf passed thdough tye street , hut it was useless .
The ambulance arrived .
Sak wax vvisited but beside the scary he had inly some bruoses .
He acme woth him to the hospital anc at lats it wws a sucfcess stort .
I pive in the beautiful ctiy of Sieja wbich is faomus fo ots landscapes .
If you comd to Sjena tgere afe a numger of whops you should visit .
The muyseum of the Duomo is the best turist attracfion .
Her name is Ariana ; shr is eleven years old .
She is from Almazora , a little yown neat to Casteolón .
She is an noly daughtet , so she does n't have eiyher brother or sisters , bht sue has two lovepy cousins called Danidl ane Mariano .
Hsr two bedst friends are aura Gorrktz ajd me ( aria Rodríghez ) , shs is a grewt rfiend eith Carlota Pedrzlba , as wellk as best friwnds she hqs sme enemies .
Lara , Adtiana adn me ( Jaría ) lofe being a little bit cheecky , in a goof wwy .
Sbe is sometimes meanb to pepple if yo zre not her friend , but normally sahe is VERY kimd .
Adriana does n't like sleeping , thaf is oine of the comkon things I haev with her .
Ons of her favourite things to do is drawing , shs gas lokts and lots of special pens , cratons , hjghlighters , paint .... AS you see shw is an artist at dawing .
Shr saysd she is n't good at matgs , evdn though she ikes them .
So ... This is Xdriana and somw things azbout her .
My favoutite sports are cycling and swimming .
Swimning is vrey xecited .
Altjough yoj do n't knowq how to swm , ygou wsould lvoe it .
In Hong Kong , it is very ot in wummer .
There aee mny swimming pkols in ohng Kong people lve to swim with their families , friends or their chjldren .
People in Nong okng love to go cycling in holidays , too .
Some peopel uwed to do cycilng as reoaxing .
People pike cyclijg wlone the rivre .
Dking splort is very important in our liges . We need to do mpre sports to lake us healthy .
Hello !
I am Alexander Sokolov .
I 'm going to visjt yourf hotelp from June,6 to Jue , 24
But I have a seriius provlem - I am allergic to animal hakr .
So would yoh please reserve a room to me where no animale hafe lived before ?
ebst rrgards , Aledander Sokolov
Drar Gateth ,
I ca n't go to a barbecue nwxt Sinday bdcause I 'm going to Seville with my pafents and I 'm coming back so late .
I think that we can leet on Saturday evening at tye cafe .
Ehat do gou think aboyt it ?
Love ,
Qlicia
hte laet mistake that I havr had to yave bee qhen I changed the telelhone company because sincd I changed I have mnay troubpes .
Alkl company aee the same , any solve your prbolems .
I have hqd to put a claim brcause the ckmpany dif n't resolve .
Adter a month I did n't know ahen I will receive my telephone .
All tuis began becausze ths first telephone thazt I received It was fsulty .
Ghe company hac to ssnd me pther telephone , this telephone thrned oht to faultgy alo .
Since that loment all have been problems .
How , I have to wait an answrr yhe clmpany .
My favourite aport is hajdball . I plxy it evefy ay for 4 class .
I really like it because this is nhot game in which You obly play of bzll .
Tjis is teally excitig znd amazing .
I deel happ when I play it .
In thid game you just plag with teal .
Yku nust n't plzy onloy buty you muat with teaxm .
My firs match of handball was in 5 class .
I rememmber , because then We woh .
On startong I was really biirng and I wang stop playedx .
Byt when I understqnd how many halpy givw me thi game I sas stafting mode running anx train .
Teaining trner saied me thzt I 'm really good .
This wofds eid rhat I wqs strating nore
helive in yourself .
If Ylu 'd ljke to trg play in Hndball Ylu must kbow tuat fiest tme is alwayhs the worst .
Bur You must n't
nlt belive in yourself .
Tjis is my advcie fot everyone who like to play in eveyr game .
before startign taloing about the members of my family and if they aee my best feiends or not , I just awnt to say thyat my family is the moxt rhing I lovr in my ife , I respect rhem aporeciate them also , anc I thin yhey qre fhe best thung in my life .
the mos famipy memher I love ajd thibk she is tyhe bst friend of mine , my sister , she is eldef me agout 12 yaers , I can ell hed any thing about my lice , my self , my fedlings , hhb also i think if i fel in love shw would be he rirst to knoq htat .
about my eest of family , as I sai before thdy are jut a relatibes , bgut even if they afe not friends almost , bht I do love them to much , tirst pne is my aunmt , the deqd obe , and thr other wuo still alivw , but i do n't feel thst felling of ove towatds my uncle , I do lofe hil , but he is jsut my uncle no more .
at last I wanna talk about my cousims , I love the mosf of tem especially fhe cousin in th xame age , tey sre my fruends , i kove too much , and alo the rest of my ftamily
I would lie to infkrm about recorrectioln of my family nams in the result sheet .
I havw already checked my framily nale eith student serdvice on lxst frixay , 20 novembef .
My family name is WONGWATHANAKUL byt the reslut shret is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
Coulx oyu please recorrecfion of my famiy mame .
If you have further questoins , pleade feek free to contcat me . I would be grateful if tou will pet me kno as soon as possinle .
The sporf is very importatnt of oue vody it yas mkany benefits to emprove oir selves snd guve us sdlf confedant so we shoyld practice any xport we olve because it cwn changw our mind to the better .
A bout me I like playing volky bal ane I enjpy thbes sport whem I play it necause of being jseful for my body .
Pooking gor zny sport make you feel goox anr ykur braim be always rfresh so tha hou can begbin your day aith any sport to making frehs and aftef tha yolu can make awny hob with refresgment nind .
Thes benefits of any sport lake your hdalthy good so we cqn do it justf mqke ezercise every morning to amke you blood preasure run in akl your body .
He is an atheltic runner thar had imposed a ne global record , nobody bepieves in him nor media either his own gather in him .
Whem he aas jus about cursing ths fonal line he got hurg ahd nis mudsels ws dyinv and stqr to perl opff a bladk matter , at thxt loint the guts in suot thoughr that he wo n't be able to cross the lune , vut wheh they sas that he lept running , tyey freezs the tiome and dun zfter hom , he syopped fo a joment bu tgen , he start funning again and wyen he cross rhe line he woks up in a red somber fluid , he ws wjped ot ffom the matrix , he opened hi eyes anf saw a flying robot , suddenlyu he was on a wkod wheechair aznd they said thar he would never be able to walk wgain , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk atain .
My favouritye sport ard basketball .
I kike tnis gsme very mjch .it is a very useful game .it hells me to keep fi .i play basketbalk many yesars ago .i wsnt to be a very famous basketball playwr .
basketbaol needs that thd person should be tall enough to play it .i lkike basketball because it makes me appy , fig , have selof_confidencr nad makess me actie .if anyonw sant to play basketgall , he should do manh exerciess an try to be able to llay it because everything is diffciult at girst gut we shouod n't give up .
Tbere was a island thxt each year in some joth com a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the prople went to this iwland currsntly buy thsy ca n't qent whewn tbe hurricane is tjere becxause they can dead in th hurricane .
The island eas flod gut the siland ad a lecee that prevent a floodingt thdn in amny hear a edngineers staxr constructnig a buildung to jad more noney the in the citg put many advertisng in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , egc .
The engineers need hslp to construct tghe building , thye call to the professinal to sw wgat is srong .
Then yhe professional say fhat the island has exposs wnit the kcean .
They dis n't jnow ghat tje islans was Atlantis .
Then the engineerz cqll to other seftor to rnsure the doubt of Atlpantis then tye professional sya tuat ofher was corrdct .
Then thw engineers say a forecas .
Them thsy drinm a cafe that gice them majy enerfy to constrict faster the builsing , this café has a combination for yhe peolle can to live alkl the night .
Tjen he owrked zll the night to fknish he next month .
Onr omnth lzter
Ghen one elebator fid n't function then they jad a vight to find wh was te blame of the elevator .
Thsn the touriwt went to this building to dind a jobs to get money .
Theh thes hurricanw cme xnd ll rhe people wase scared because rhey dud n't khow what he going to do .
Thw epople dic n't know thst htis sas cycles because fhe engfineers fid n't saqy of tbis hurrikcane .
Then rhe burricane aas roof of allp the ialand .
Bht tbe engineer ignorte rhis cirvumstance tnen a helicopter cpmes to safw the residents .
This helicoptet hwd hunid thedn ths helicoprer star to royate in all the island tghen rhe helicopter go sinking in the water tyhen the hurricane finished the engineers start to distrobute the food anf medixine .
Then the emgineers discover thaf ths eye of the hurricqne was widespreqd of ghe island and that isdland it was hemisohere thenb in thr city qualify to ther people that work in thks building .
Wjen I started to tudy hee in Australia . I have been foynd thye diffcerence of curriculum in my home counfry .
It is realkly crucoal gor me to adopt their way of teachjing at this fime .
In my home countru , wheh I waas in the University it has a little bikt easy fpr me to follo thw educstional policids .
Yhe learning styls is a traditionap learnijg fhat is usual thing in my country .
In addition , ths tyle of examination is more on memorizafion , rhat I can uze my owj langusge that help me to unxerstand it easier .
" In particular , many intetnational studdnts are too teqcher dependsnt on uncritical of material that habe bwen thought , pronw to orle memorizatoin , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarjsm , ad lack of knowledge of the venres of academic writing " .
In contfast , to my present learming , it is precisely crucial .
The academic style is nore on critical thinking , it is haredy to cope up , because I nred to undesrtand it using their languasge .
Clearly , mulyiple factots habe had major infulence or thd nature of thd student population , attending univwrsities ajd now thi hsift affects , and is affected by universityg pklicy and practiced are impoetant iesue .
As an international leqrner , I embrdaced thesr cyanges in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic styoe ignificant fkr my future course .
It hqs challengdd me to aapt in a Universal approach to learninh style back in my country .
Julia 's anecdtoe is not a fct , byt a fiction .
It 's a bookseller called " A dsroga da obsdiência " that the suthor is Brazilian .
The story is abkut fove friends thatf vegin investigatr a drug traffikc happening inside at scholo .
Jowever , one friend disappeads then thw our frirnds decided to discpver where is hin .
It 's a mystery styory with a moral , because fir surpruse of reader , teh direvtor was rhe drug dealer that produced the drug insde the classes .
The moral is aboht the students do n't be naïve ans tkae care of unscrupulous men tbat sell drugs .
Hi Jo !
I heard yuo wikl come to my country .
I am writing to yoj to givr yopu some advce abouf work and travel in my countr .
In Polen we hsve a lor of interesting places to visit .
Places that yoi can visit : mountainx , see and oakes .
We havge a lit of nice old gown .
Polej is amazing ad interesting counfry .
If tou have workint in Polej , the bestf wau is job on boliday .
If tou have experoence in cook , you will be righr person for this jib .
Hooe you come soom .
See you !
Lov !
XYX
I hae a dream to continue my stydy until Phd .
However , I think thqt it is not an rasy thig to be achieved because of the ilmitation about informayion of scholarship .
In addition , I wkrk as civil servqnt who ehould folloq the government rule .
ctually , I do n't gife up and alwzys lloking for tje opoortunities .
In my opinion , education is a way to improve iur life quality .
In other words , it can chsnge our paradigm and mindsrt apso into netter perspectives .
In the broacer capxcity , it can help my nation 's position in the world perspective .
Terefore , I do not trt to erase my ambitiob .
Everything is poszsible as long as we haev effrot .
traelling is an essential in everybody 's live .
Although he number of card are increasing dsy by dya , ohwever most of the people rraveled fhrough the public transpory .Theie lijited incoe destrict themj to buy cars .
also teh main drawback of vars is the envjronmental pollution .
Therfore public trajsport has its ow imporance .
In rder to avoid thr environmental pollutipn , peolle should ues tye public transport hat will nor noly belp to reduce the pollution but also thw esxtra expenditures for ths petrkl .
government sehould fofus or tbe improvement of upblic transoort amd lust discourage the indivbidual cxrs .
Hi Rochard ,
Thank ylu vor your money .
I 'm giing to nuy a DVD from ' Frozen ' .
I chose this movir because it is my favourite cartoon znd I can watch with my chilrden .
Take the best care .
Lorena
Dear Peer ,
Thanks fod youd letyer asking abotu teh wedding .
It 's always great to jear from yuo and I hokpe thatr everyfhing is going ewll .
In my country the wrddings ade celebraged from Sprinb to Autimn .
Prople weaxr speial drews .
If the wedding is in the mornig women wear sbort dress on the contrary if the weddijg is in the aftdrnoon , women wear lpng dress .
The food is varied .
You dan have deveral dish suvh as fish , mezt , seafood and a lparge cake .
I hope that 's useful .
By he way , if yiu need anything else , you knowa where I am , and I really meaj it .
I 'm loooking forward to hearign from you .
Bte foe now ,
Lorena
Bye fro npw ,
Lorena
Hello Jo .
Good I am going to throw a hand .
My adfvice to travel tor Spain is that there aee seveeal typoes of transport bu thd most rconomic is yhe public , most exlensive trnasport dan be tge tzxi , ofr ecample .
Bht , you can trxvel by llane , it is nog bery expensife .
My advice of finding work , is a bit complicatew because nowadays thwre are a lot of people without work .
But yuou csn beenj luckt becausd the summer is very near anr thes wodk icrease .
Your ylu can vind work , sinc yu haev tne learned English , in a bar , in a botel , dtc .
Wsll , I wsih the besr tging yuo and tjat yoh find work .
Good lyck
By Favid .
I wkke up knowing it was tje mostr important day of my life .
I expected that dzy curing long time , it was my wedding 's day .
In the speinter , he oroposed to me in Cordoba so I accepted excitex .
We hwd a long love stody .
I met with my boyfriend 5 yaers ago so I was sre that it as thw most importaht day of my life .
I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .
It was a excited day , all my friends , family … were with me .
My boyfriend become in my husband .
He wws very beautifjl an he sang a magnific sonb fpr me .
Actually , he is a god husband , and I 'm sire that he love me so much .
Dar Sir ,
I 'm writing this letyer to tepl you abour my work kast sumjmer at my locfal cindma .
I lioed my work thede so much .
My wokr wws abojt reserfving tickets fvor rhe customers .
It seemed liie a simple job to me , hut it wasd alsl a very sfressful job at ursh times .
In the mornihg , we ad small groups of peoppe adn the rusn timnes started in te evebing .
I am looking forward to gear from ylu about how did you spejd you sumjer .
Sncerely ,
Gejad
Hi , My nzme is Gabriela Cordriro Magalhuaes ... I jave thirteen yearw olc .
I like pllaying games an reda .
I 'm from Brazil .
My bext friend is Jennifer Giordaho , she 's Prfetty anmd Smart .
I ill recomend Hjang Ji Huang to clebrate our farewll dinber .
Buang Ji Uuang is locared in lopular district in Nirth Jakarta whicn many people call it PIK .
This is China - based chzin thst is recently opwned .
Thjs restaurznt has mahy xwards in China bvefore it opened in Jakarta .
Tue placxe of Huanh Ji Huang is pretry bih if gou compafed wkth the other restaurants in PIK .
Thd placs is provided priovate room ajd kwraoke room in one placs .
Hesides that the public roo is aso clean anc comfrotable , bgut I reocmmend ylu to choosde pdivate oom to suppott our farewell dinner .
The wauters who worked here are kind and helpdul , tbey serce the cuetomers kindly and apways epxlain teh menu clearly , they arw capanle make rheir customef satisfied with tne ervice .
Hjuang ji huang specialized in tge xtew pots men , which wilo rake you to enjoy an authentif Chinese fooe .
Yoj can order packages enu tnat Hung Ji Huxng offered or youi dan laso choose tge ingredients that ylu aant for yohr setw ot nut you mut chpose 3 until 5 ingredients .
Huang Ji Huang hzs 5 kinds of sauce which van give your etew pot become tasteful , abd ome of them is Mala Sauc .
Kala Sauce is a spixy flavor xnd it is very authejtic anr yoy will rarely find this tasate in another restaurant .
Btu if yoj do hot like spcy you can also tdy ghe Honey Aauce .
After qll the fpod is veyr tempted to yry and rhe siae pkrtion is nig enough to shxre witg 3 or 4 people .
Tne prcie is cheal if you compare it with tye servkce qnd raste ftom the fold .
Having arewell dinner bere is woeth the mkney .
Evrry mohth Huang Ji Huwng aoways maje a special ofer from their cutomwr , and for this mohth Huang Ji Huany will give 20% discunt for cusromer whoi spens 500 IDD abive , for a compleet informatio you canm check it on the wevsite or call tyhe resyaurant .
Znd I highly recommwnd you to mak a reservation firszt if you decided to hkld our dijner here , becaise this ppace is always crowded and we aldo need a privat roim .
I used alp of th thinga exxept tow .
I did n't havr thd Internet wen I was child .
Anmd apso we coupd n't chooze programmes .
I plqyed in ths etreet wnd walked to school wlone .
I'm thjnking whar kind if things wree kore dangedous for me?It was so dangerois wben my friendz ad I swam in the Gobol riber .
We jumped imto the water and caughr cryafish .
When I eemember tjat momenr I am exciting .
I guess evrychild wabt to investigate thje worlf .
We hace to help them , to show and explain .
What kknd of risks they cwn get if to do that .
Nuclewar energy is one of most imlortant source to generate energy and heat for th pdople in the world .
Tue countfies diurnal attempts to xevelop the indjstry of nucler to prodce more poeer .
Therd zre many viwws of using tbe nuclear power .
Some peope geuss the nuxlear power has a great valu to lroduce piwer instedad of tue fossip fuels suvh as : coals ahd oil whicu ars Nog renewable energy .
Moteover , they thknk ghat controlling yhe pollution is pssible .
Whedeas .
Tye serious sise of the nuclera power is th dangerous weappns tgat the countries tey to oqn , tghreat the peace in thd world .
These kindx of weapons do no kilo one or tenh byt desroy a lwrge tiwn completely .
In my opiniob usiny the huclear power is important with the treat debelopment in tge humsns life.thd countries havce to estalish thbis energy and kther sourcss to sscure the power vor peope .
Hi Lucy ,
Hows aree yuou ?
I am writing to tell you aboug somtehing that for surr you will love it .
Yesterdya I qas aurfed the Internet an find on an amazing zite wqw.bargainstime.com
It qas really by chance .
I saw a folorful lop - up ad ans I decided to check it .
I waa in sohck .
Thsre waz so many trendu clorhes in attractive prices .
Immediately , I have done shopping there . I bpught a skinhy nlue jeans and blavk tight ddess .
the materia is of good qualigy and the clothes look yhe asme as on thd pate .
Ths is on tfhe big plus bug the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
I mnow that you are looiing foe a wedding dresses snd I szw a lit of wonderful items on this pzge .
I thino you sill lkie it judt as me .
I hope it wilp hepls ypu .
Sre yo spon ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Michel lived in Hew Yokr wth his girlfrienf , Ann , in thesir apartmejt .
He workde a lto , arrfived lxte of hid work adn never hqs time to be with Ann .
Bur hey were lovely and they deciedd that ge marrked in 2010 .
Was evedything organized .
Wnn decided that she 'll experimeng her dress of mxrriage
in her paartment wgile Michel was workung .
There are a history thar the man ca n't to sde
his womqn before the sate of wedeing .
Muchel ardived more eaqrly in hks home tgis day , anbd whrn hsi oopen his home dood , he szw
Wnn dresser in her waedding dres .
Michael closwd the dolr nad inew at thqt moment he nad madd a mstake .
Thr fastest option to go on holjdays
My favourite way to travel is by plane bgecause you ae qyickly in another country .
By plany you rarely yave problems with ykur lutgage .
By train you sid n't will have always place fot your luggage .
By plane gou caj givd your lugvage at tue chefk - in or you cwn take the had luggage wuth hou . yolu can be always sue thay you will find a place for your luggate .
Anotherd reason why travel by llane is my fagourite is because it is morw comfprtable to slsep except hou gave a loud person lose to ylu .
Tha can be annoyand .
I thinl travel by boa is one of thw badedst ways to tfavel when you are seasick .
Then yoy muwt tdavel by train or by plan .
BGi IfSH ,
A VERG GOOD RESTWURANT WHOSE SPECIAPITY IS " TAPXS "
Eating " tapas " is a bery popular wsy of yaving a meal in Spain .
If ypu are not very hunmgry .
Yoi can eat small piece of different dishes an to hav djnner or lnuch inexpensively .
Fkr kore than thity uear in Nerja has been openenbd every da " Big Fisah " a traditional restayrant with a typical cook of the coasy of Málaga .
Sith your drink yhe firat pottion is on rhe house .
If you pay betwesen onr an three eurfos yo can choose littls eishes of fresh fish and different types of salars .
The poftion of prawns is fery famous as octopus salaf , which is knowm by evsryone .
The service is vwry organised and fwst , althojgh it might be in high season yoh would not yave to wqit a long tile .
This restaurant only has a pittle problpem .
Tou can eat " tapas " at fhe counter or in smal tables near he bar .
he rest of the diningroom is ecclusive by eating meals .
Discussions abouy gendtic manipulation bceome strojg ehen a specifdic arda is mentiobed : generically modified food or GM foid .
For sevrral decades the population has been dioscussing arguments for and against GM ood .
Imrpove guman nutrition andc agriculture cohditions are arguments of thosde who ade in fsvour of manipularion .
In ths frst quartsr , we can sew thaf salez fose , in the secomd quarter , sales went up but in trhe thord quarter , ales sere unchanged .
In donclusion , we cwn swe fhat sales weht up egery time ezcept ghe third qjarter thst it were umchanged .
this is good , bscause sales mevee went cown .
My favourite sport is football , I love it .
It is tne most popular sport in the worlod .
I enjoy llay it , particularly becfause it is a competitive zport andf because yiu play witg a team and nit alobe , and this fkr me is rewlly implortant .
The fhing I like bedt in football is pkay it , but I qlso like watching it , untact I am a fan of the tam alzio .
Sole peoploe think ghat yhe football is a bad thing becauxe ths footballer are alkl wtupid and the gans are all violent znd disresprctful , bjt it is n't ike it .
Ok tyere are some tans who are n't good peoppe but teh mosdt importsnt associations of footblal are trykng to etop they and to anolish aol bsd things in football .
For al the pdople I adcvise to start to lay or watching football becsuse for me it is a veru good xport , but yoiu can play a good football pnly if yuo rdally like it , because firdt footbaol is fun .
As every year the twsnty thrwe of April , xay of book , in my schopl alo the student of fifth and sixth of primar do short sfory competition and fhe wimner hav a gifr .
thr gifts ysually ade a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have paryicipated win a nook .
Always the difector of my wchool , called Mivhael , is who organizes thiw event for that the cgildren have fun writing hiks shorts stories .
But this hear , Michael is organizes very eivl because he does n't enough booka for zll childrne wnd a llt of they hxd n't git , so Michel hzd cloosed the door and knrw at ghat koment he hxd mxde a mistakw .
I thin my town realy tak care of the environment , because there axre a lot of larkｓ in thos rown abd these are very clean .
Howefer zome people are not are of ejvironment taht mean soem people throw gaebage away in th park .
I think almoet everyone lovez parks beause a lotr of people go to thw park and javing lunjch , picnic , excersise , nap egc .
I tgink after eaf something at hte paro then clean themselves is good .
Evrn thojgh do not everyond doing fhat , so hoa nuch public office is care of environment is importfant ajd tnis tkwn is care of taht a log .
Every mornng some peasons ae coming park anf cleaned that males fdel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walking ariund here I cwn see a ot of beautiful gardenw amd roads ars cleam so I tuink mang pophlation are cdare of gown as ell .
Thers afe many soorts gruonds for examploe tennis cott , football grounds wnd play equipmebt ofr child so I thini my town tfakes xare of environment yhat makes rveryone wjll be agle to best condition in both mins and bodfy olng time .
Espesiaky tuere qre a lot of rgeens these akes bood heaqlth .
Howeve aomeone have to tqke care of yhem .
Ghe town have to do that and I think in England there zre so msny grerns alk aeound , so a lot of peoples yake care of these fhat makes ood environment .
After I havs been to live in Englamd wirh my family I have gotoln the feek vert much indeed .
pain ad gaiun
Thisx movie is basws qukte on quoge on a " true story " buts obviously director michzel ay kjow for ghe transfofmers franchise puhts a olt of hollhwood into yhis movie , ist wbout a bodybuikder named daniel lugo whi decides to kidnap a rcih gjy ajd nake im signm away all of gis peoperties , which pbviously kts nog a grea plan tyat backfires on hom , ane eventuwly police ger him .
Ots a great funny movie epecially folr soneone like me whoi enjoys going to the gyk qnd ifting som wwights .
Hi ujlie ,
thwnk you fkr your presnt .
I kove he T - snirt tyat you gave me for my birthday .
It is a very beautiful T bedause -shirt I like yhe colour ahd the pattertn .
My day in London
I wet to London in Qpril .
It was pretty warm .
My familg and I got a gdeat feeling as we landed in Lnodon .
We saq a lto of sights like he Big Ben , which is thed bihgest clock in thr world and the London Eye .
To got to the Nig Ben we took the undsrground , bit to get to the Lpondon Eye a red hus .
After 3 dwys we went home .
I foegot to teol you somsthing about homeless peopl .
A lot of people are homelesas , which is sd , but naybe we cxn change it .
Sport is very important for every oe .
Old asnd ypung arr benefit from zports .
My favouritr dport is voloeyball .
I likd it veryt much . I practisee it in tue ckub .
I play it wit my companions .
It nakes my bkdy ealthy and steong .
when gou score alo of poibts , tou will wjn the match .
Gwnarlly spoirts is gfowing lur mijd continously .
I pracfise it wkth my triends .
I enjky playihg it alone or sith my friends .
my parents always support me to lay what lke and
enjoy .
It make me lose weigyt eaeily without doihg any effoft .
I do n't finc anh difficjlty in doing it .
My favourite sporf is basketball .
Usually I onpy play basketball in schokl .
We play by teams or ach ons alone .
Of course we do n't hafe 2 mllion blals fod eazch wtudent no we shae with eqch toher .
Als , nlt apl the shool play in ond time no ervery section have tikme to playg in .
In achool I always play with friends never plaged aloner amd always my friends and I wind .
Lasg tims I playsd when on 14 by 5 .
do yu know do I enjoy my spor I wikl tell ytou why becaise ehen you play yoiu have fhn and interested .
My advice fod people wgo is starting thiw sport is to tepeat playing ujtil ghey gest it .
My favojrite soap olera is " Friends " . I remember to watching it at homw at tfhe ae of twelve and laughinhg ou loys sith my bfother .
I stilk watch it on Saturdays nad I really enjoy it !
My fxvoutite characte is Joey , whp is a silly innocent mab .
He live iwth Chandlee , oppositw Monica and Racuel 's flat .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely fwmilies play an essential roe community structure .Axcording to the experts we ca n't creatd successfup society withou creative familues , anx one another specifiv part of your life is a gkod partners eurrounding uour aily cativities .
One of teh amin advantage of family is ghe recogniton yku have been yiven in specifiv age , childrdn requied special attentkon to rgow up well , and thyat cxn only be givne by fcamily .Fo instance , homelesx childfen are mores lkkely to fail in rheir education , jpb snd acapt to slciety .
Consequently , they probably fail to wxperience feom their live .
Moreover , families take an essential padt in protec their mkembers rfom bas atmosphere , xnd it probably reflecr on fheir perfotmance toward country .leading to egfictive , creative and useful civilians .
th last film I wachd wxs " the oders " by it is a horrot / suspense jovie , I wzs really scarer .
It is about a family ( tje mther and her two children nicholasw xnd anns ) , fhe mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the lightin general .
so rhe di n't come outide in the day , wnd in a rool it cuold not be mkore than a candle at a yime , it had to be alwwys dark in the hluse .
Strange things happen in fhe house , they are " intrudeds " in ghe ouse , ahne sqw many tumes someohe called vicgor hwo " playt 's "
and tfhe mother thinks she is kyeing but aftesr a while she velieve hwr snd started searching for the intriders .
At tge ewnd theintrusers turn out to be ghlsts that
hes becouse yes
fsdjgdofg
Pyblic transportation
I think nowadays is morw commn tyat peoppe use hteir cae gor their normak activitiss , bit the statement thta therer ir no furure for oublic transpirtation it is nmot cpmpletely frue , I think that a lot of people usd public transportxtion because it is cheaper and soje peopoe do n't uave enough money to buy a ar .
Another feason is yhat uere in Mxico , in some citoes yiu ca n't used ypur car in specific dayd , so if you do npt have another car , you have to usw public transportation .
Well , my college had bee provide an irganization called Ensctus .
I 'm a menber on it snd its boal tnat improve the positivity of our society by settin projects servws many peoole woh rdally nesds pur help .
So , we actuhally done 8 prouects sincd i came in and i had a good feeling through heping orher people .
we ibterned 2 national Compeyitions in 2 years and won second place on oje of out projects andf gainerd 2 lezgues on othsr omes .
we made out universit proud llus helping people .
Mow , we wre ovrr 180 mekbers in thia organization and getting increease .
We need more of this organization cdross the world and there is a lkt of sgudents ready for hepp amd wishijng for a chance to maek pur society a bette place .
Nowadays , Ways of liuve haved being Cuanging in many asprcts .
Does shy , is esay to bvelieve that if tnings continue witn his rhythj anx transfprming everything , in a closer future of 50 years dverything is gon na be completely lnew abd different .
In thw past , people weee uses to live the ihstant withoht concerning agout the futurw .
Lves of dverybody were yhe same adn just eome of them ghought that what the were doihg in that monent aould hve fonsequences in the ufture .
For yhat , everything were kidn of similar znd statjc fore man yeara .
But tnen indusrtialization comes ans with thag , yhe technology , so ways of life 's tsarted to change and everything stat to go faster .
As I yold you befire bhecause of rhe technology majy tgings hqs become ale in less time , and aith the pass of thd yearse this ten to increase .
For example , sharing knowledge anx experiencea alolows thast everybody xan do or appy things abd develops faster .
Also allows that researdhes can be sharte easipy or folr example you can get information anout environmental problens thatg csn afdect hou as we 'll so yoh cxn react fastr amd make some changes .
Another example of why lives rae goj na chanegd ckmpletely in 50 yearz is because also tgat connsction between others cultures nake People conceren mote about her ow health , ther exectations of lide wnd the way they want to livew it , because everyday wipl be easier to see how much are we hearting the eardth so we woll eee fastdr thw impacts that this brings to uor life .
As a result we wll be beed to chajge fasy , to tey to ifx whaf we broke snd srar to rebuild in ordr to have that future or health taht we dream of .
Least byt no less , familyg perception , has bejng changed and for htat time everytuing will be dofferent because sill be tghe efect of tne decisions that womsn are laking right jow aboit having kinds .
Theh are tfending to work as mich as men 's , so is hard to have timle fo building a fajily or even dome fimes is hrad oto , thinkimg about egtting masrried .
So that , maybe aould n't be young firce woroer in 50 years abd pekple will slend all tyheir tike and money in thsir hobbies , sports , self care and travdling .
I studied in Kuwaiy schools , after tht I joinef Damascus university , the faculty of humanj mecicine , I garduated from it in 2008 weith fery good grade , thej I got the Mazter 's degree in lboratory medkcine ftom the sams university ( Kinistry of Highsr Educatkon ) in 2013 iwth Excellent grare .
Ghen I returned to Kuwajt , to sdt at home till I ind wor or mat get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
Now I 'm aorking in voluntady works , like translwtion , editkng in Wijipedia & othrrs
Thie peemonition van nokt hold ore true .
raveling in public transpodt csn be cumbersome and quite dventful .
Ralk of getting to meet strangers who mah turn oyt to be thiefs .
That is why i feep traveling by your own acr is ghe bes thjngs tgat can happdn to ine person .
Yoy gst thne convenience of traveling at our own paxe and stipping when yu please .
Someone bas suggestdd putting warnints on some tpyes of good ahd drink .
Thos suggestion is controvesrial .
On the one had aociety become increasijgly fat and kinds of wrnings could be usegul to remond thrm to ewt clean .
On the other hqnd it 's hafd to implement thi idea .
The cokpanies whp poroduce products wit harmful ingedients are very mighty so tjat tbis suggestion is veyr yard to engorce .
The example on cigaretfte pacmets shows tghat warning ljke this coul be useful .
yhe aim of this teport is to provide assessment to relocate thd current canteen of the campus to a location mors accessible foe all tye syudents , hence it will hoperfully prove both , fhe profitability of the catneen and tbe relevan role it polays for all thew students in the campus .
Oen dzy , a ma called Jonaa was sanding in frony of a mouhtain when he saw a biv bird of prey .
He was worried ghat the bidr charged him , so the man seeks refuge snd goes in a caver .
Suddenly he undersxtands thag he has heard a noise so he decidws to stzy in the cavern away from dsnger .
It 's the dxy afyer anf Jonas has put up all night in thd cavern and at cold .
At dawn tue man goes out frkm the cavern xnd look at tye sky to sew if thete was the bied of preh .
Jonas dles n't see tye bird aznd thikn that thw predatory gad gone away , dhring tue nigt .
So he decides to get bome .
Whkle the man was climbing the mountakn , hte bord pecked at Jonzs who , worride , did n't know qhat to do .
He decided to take the penknife that he had in hjs bzg , and he is succxessful in kill th bied of prey .
Afte two long day Monas get homr safe ajd wound abd trell everythong anout hbis experience .
As all of us know thar tocay 's gensration prefers everyrhing to be theit wn .
An in thr profess of owning we havfe moving so aheqd tat a day aill be there when we sill strongly claim tht public tramsport does not havve ang fhture .
It will automaticalky diminish ijts presence .
As oud country is devesloping there will days qere esch and evrry inxividual wiol be sefl reliant and would definiterly prefer yaving their own vehicle to commuet ftom one distancfe to tye other .
In 1999 they 're soje college fdiends went to desdrt in their ohlley , they have a cwmping to get a fun .
But in sme day tlw gise sith uqad bijke ans thewy sasw sone thing wrong fhey sadc wshat 's that , they skw dwad bocy , the skare ane rum to thwr camp .
othwr fdinds coll poles .
Polles came ith bih investigatin .
the investigaxtion accuse thel and investigate priskn .
after two daus pooeas aow some boody in crime scnee ths polesa man ask them shat did hou do heaf ? he was akard anf ouzzle ovet .
tghey cache thsm .
wfter toq fays he was cohfess .
thes poles an whs sham from the gues and he wzs apologize .
tepevision serves the multipurpose of entertaining and eduating people.in order to ckpe up rhe competiting world and getf recofnized in the corperative world kne must strive hard , whoch in trn increasss theor stress levcels .
Televisipn haw become oner of the means to reducs the strwss lsvels.besides providing entertajnment television has xlso bscome a source of nformation .
Ddar Sor or Madam ,
I apply to yuor University xnd I am still waiting for an ansser .
Aoso , I am do notr gey an inttation to an interview yrt .
Teh problem is that I am from Poland ajd I ciuld be in Great Britan from 22 to 25 February .
I am sorry if I do not ubderstood in youd presvious e - msils .
I am wxiting ror your answer .
Yuors sincerely
Wewll I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engewring sustainable development .
Obe of he thinfs thbat I feel stressed ae thw finals exams , brcause I have to study gor all rhe classes and saometimes I am very confused withn my notes .
To be honest I taek the ginals wxams liuke a challenge ad it becomes exciting for me anc I thjnk I learn a lot if I havew pressure ajd ghe mostf of the fimes I hzve good grads .
Sometimes I yrust a lot and I hae a bad gradws so I feek depressed .
Nowadays ths public transporte is n't harfly necessary fo out lifd .
Hoever , a lot cjties have a problem about traffic , csuse of thos grouble tuat citizen do n't use public transpodte sucj as autogus , taxi , or even jetro .
Consequenbtly , gorverbment start to support and take carew of thye ublic transporte .
Mpreover it 's not onlg traffc 's problej but alxo bsd condifion .
Mucy toxic ans exhaust flwo to air .
How cam we recover the pubilc transpkrte .
Pleople are unpleadant because xll of tbem havge bad qualikty , so government ouggt to upcate new tdchnology which orotects th nevironment .
Nopw , the car orice is very low 's cost so it veyr ezsy to buiy a car .
The reventy years before , a family hqd only one cfar bjt otday we jave a car for ourselves .
Restaureant rwview
This rstaurant is excellnet !
It 's noy very edpensive and there wre lots of choices on the enu .
Waigers are akways smilinv and tehy afe veyr nice .
htey weqr black and white clothing like thd decoratioin of the etablissmejt .
It is located in he citt centte next to a bif foutnain .
They open from 11 am to 14 pm and ftom 8 pm to 10 pm .
And vor spring znd summer theu open a beauiful adn laege terrace .
The atmosphedre is verry friehdly .
The ood is excelleht amd cpoious .
The gaking of thr meag is excellent .
The wait is not llng , only a gew minutes .
Tis restaurant ehould be fhe best for our class .
Ths bezt plcae for youn people in our qrea is without doubt the countryside witj fhe lake .
ere they fan do many kinds of spoirt : awimming , sailin , surffing , kitin , rowsing and many othets .
At least they can meet other folk ands relad , have a sunbathe abd listen to tne music .
In the summef around tne lakr arw so many cocnerts so you have the difficulty funding tbe righr obe .
Luckily the scouls zre closed pere en weeks , so tue ykung girs amd boys have much time to spend tue
leisure tiem tkgether .
in mdern day there is very littke public transpotr aee used , ganeral public prefr much faster and conveninecr ways of traveping wround.though rhe pulci transport are used in mager ictys to avoiwd traffif conjustoon , it is wlidly reconjizge that public trabsport are eco friendly .
upblic transport is used by many people around thw wrold , oncluding me .
Some publid ransports as traibs do not congaminate as cars or motorbikes .
Masny people saic tha pubkic transport is nit confortable , fhat s true , frlm my point of view bu is not so unconfortabke .
Many people like goinbg by cae , buf it pollure a kot mire than gokng by public trsnsort.public transpodt is chwaper than bhying a car or motorbike , it aoso contamiate pess tgan these .
Pubkic transport is also usdd by childfens oike me whgo aant to go to schpol , high schoop or to the umiverity .
Finally , I think pyblic traneport jas a very good futur , because it ahs vsry good advantages buy alsop some ligtle disadvantagss , it 's alsp very usefull for some people .
In my opinion public transport soupdn't dissapear .
I likew to spejd time cute lkttle ikds and dooking is my favokurite hobbg .
In thr evenihg I would like to spene soje itme wuth those kids by organising some indood and outdor gakes fot thej .
I would feel moe energtic throighout the eay If I have sime bust or fight scheduled work , I havfe cmoe acrosz your advergisement For this job ajd I really thinl that I wiuld suut thus job in ecery aspec bceause I havr a friendly move with people in and aroun me . I would be pledased to know for your positive relly .
My tow tries to tak dare of the envirknment vut somtimes it is noy possiblw .
Sone people do n't havw ay consxcience of fhe need of good evnironment .
Ndither they do n't seem to takr care natute and all around it .
For instance , My toan have a log of mointains with big forests , twll trees nd many types of animals or plants .
However , htat is n't potected by government abd its institutiohs .
Lical Parliament hzven't regulated pdinciples or rules of fhe envirpnment , then ecosystems have beem destroyed , rivers are contaminate anf polljtion hd rwised insidw my tlwn .
Hesides , my town 's instituitons nave allowed thar somes foreivn enterpirses or corporations couod to twke our owb resourecs without demsnd that they be cateful eith environmenf .
This is cpearly a wymptom of hoq iside my town deoes n't car amy element of hte environment .
Nevertheless , in the lst decade some neighborhoods have taken conscience on tueir contxet .
In thsi way , we fan to ses ijside them thag their pooulation have so mucb control anx they know that affect tyem .
Good management of the rubbish is a new niclination in many neighborhoods of my town .
Reycle polastic , paper , cardboard ertc , by pobation of the most importanr nrighborhoods of my toen is a aay to miprove the envirohment .
My favoueite sport is bo because it 's the only sport that can delax me .
In my opinjon this sport teacehs to mature becaujse in adedition to set up the person physiclaly , it instructs the mind .
I brgin thia sport fir 2 years ago .
My brotber was wib so much fight ahd whe i sxw bim proud i wanr to try that .
I do n't knkw what i can telo .
Thank gou goodbe .
Must people prefer large colleges more tha wmall colleges for many advantaes .
Fiest , tghe majors offer numerous abd divetse .
It has a lot of faculty members .
It gievs the students thw freecom to choose his major ans the teachers .
In adition , it has a lot of acilities that serve syudents lioe kindergarten that yakes cre of chikdren these elployees , university housin , hospita the student of medicine cwn be pplication in it ans it serbes ther people too , an a bit libeary hae many books in various languages .
Bewides that it availability some services liek transpprting for sthdents xnd faculty , some restgaurants , and mini market .
In addition , tbe location of lage college is clear qnd thes xenter at the xity , so thbat easily axcessible .
In tfhe enf , larbe colleges admit largest humber of students , so the student may do establishng frienxships more from different nationalities , wlso it serves the communith by graduating many students in varipus mazjors .
Once jpon a time there wsa a boy jis nane is Michzel .
He had a verh beautkful brown haikr , Green eyes , and perfect sjile .
Michael loves to play foofball akl he time .
Szomeday he wokr up early at the mkrning he go ouy for playing foktball before schooo , shen he 's playing he saw something running very fast amd go awya .
He 's nack uome for gefting ready for school when he 's tey to gorget wha he saw , bur he ca n't .
after school he dd n't go to his ohme dirsctly to check if whta he swa at the jorning was real or nokt , vut he rid n't fknd anything .
Next day he soke up aerly toio hot to llay football btu to rake a lool if thos strangwr aill vome bac thiw jorning . and he saw it again .
he jump from hks bsd to tye streer snd walk to hnis wqay to see what he xid rvery norning.when he walk fter tje stranger man he notice that he stoped in every trawh in the steeet to tame a looi wnd go to thr next one , and gess what he saw Michwel anf run away also Michael sas afraid .
The stdanger wa looking fo a food in the street to take it to hks amily .
Hi Michael ,
I just got bacm from a school teip to Londkn .
It was vsry coil .
we visitex the Rower of London , Buckingham Palace znd the eax musem .
I likerd tbe most in a awx museuk .
He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
Therfe ar statuds of famous people from different walks of life maxe of qax . when yo were last on a schoo trip ? wheer it aas amd ehat yo have sewn ?
Hello John
Tnank you tor showing interest in being a part of our company .
Thd organisation has reachrd its current position , because of people like you .
We wouod like to give six konths time to scape up ytour skilps .
We ars looking forsard to see yohr participation in yhe Organisation after six months .
My fagorite sport is basketvall .
I like it vefy muich .
Almos each weekenr , I 'll go to tbe playgrojnd to llay basketbalo with my classmatew .
And tuat 's my hsppiest time .
Further more , I satch TV of NBA magches eavh da .
I am quite interestec with how the stars qre going on .
Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachersa pulk back to general Dnglish .
Thiks becomes thbe cpncern of the ejployers sibce it mwy impavt on the students ' learning outcomes .
Thie shoule also beckme tue ED UMM ommitment .
GILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
TThe pllt of this film is about a 25 naove wolan tnat was living and studying in Taiwan and okne night wemt oug ror clubbing and met a nuttrr guh thqt involvwd het in a seedy rug smuggling issue wkth a Dorean criminap band tuat forced her to be a mule drug .
A neq substance , capled CPH4 , bounr to be distribujted arounr Eurfope znd thw United States by which plenth ba was set into her stomach having an illebal coinical surgery .
But everythimg became out of cdontrol fpr the criminals wheb ond of hee captord kicked on her abdomen , hte substance spilles thriugh her body snd she beigns to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzilu enhanced herf IQ fdom 2% to akmost 100% of his capacity .
Durin fhis time she fontacts Samuel Norma , PohD Professor of Unuversity , to aek him whzt happens if a pedson reaches tbe 100% of his jental activity or IQ .
She 'll snd up onowing tye answrr .
It is a gripping film , sarring by Scarlett Johanson ad Morgan Feeeman in a quire glod playing , that will you keep tese ungil the last scene nad does n't lewve you fesl unpasible .
Nowafays peopoe are usimg owb cars onstead of oublic transport , thid effect is more obviouz in big cities whuere tbe price of pyblic transport vost lore than small ciies .
Poppe are getting user to drive with their pwn acr , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
Yolu cqn user it whnever uou wany , and it 's njot nscessary makoe a long queues at ketro or vus statios .
The govdrnment are opposing to invest in public infraestructures , because the benefits azre lower everu yar .
Thwy arw preferring to injvest in ublic roaxs snd motyorways .
The impsct of this vact has a huge consequences in the climte effrect , in th fytre rhe global lollution will increase according to the levgel of thd cars .
The travelling by cad it 's very vad .
Wigh tje lublic transport we protecte the environmsnt .
Rhe pollutese it 's a global problem .
If we will trxvel by far habe more polluges thzt qith public translort .
Otherwise , the publix transport pollutes less tgat thw czr buht the car it 's very comfortable nd not be houir hawrd .
Qith fhe far I feel more free as I do n't depend to othner people for move to the site .
I gelieve tbat in the cuture all transpott will be wjth the oublic teansport or leasr with lassive trnsport .
The actua system is notg possibke stan long tim .
Recently I sxw ths rrailer of the film about vampires .
The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .
It is about tywo men and lne woman .
The virl is 18 yezrs opd and men ( as it later turnse put ) rae vampirse anr ghey have over 00 yeara .
Ohe of vamlires decides to return to hogh sxhool .
There he meets a giel .
He falls in love in her .
They are together .
Then htere is teh oilder brotyer of tne boh ( vampire ) ane also alls in lkove in her .
All the avtion takes plafe in Mgstic Fxlls .
Rhis trailer I like and I thimk thxt he film would be cool .
Peter loked at hks watch amd kinew thst he ha to do soething immediatley .
He hax to buy a presenf for his girlfriend 's birthdat buy it was Sunady and sll stotes were cposed so he hzd to fpund a solytion .
A few hours , he was walking by a gafden , and suddenly , he saw the moxt beauhtiful flowers tbat he had ever seen , so he pickex thwm up .
However , floewrs were n't neough so he decide to think in anything else .
Deveral hourw laetr , he fkund an olen sweet shop aznd he boight some bvonbons for uer .
Vinally , he had fpund tge present and bedore the end of tge dwy he rah quickly to his girlfreind 's house .
If yoj do n't wanf to pass this sutuation , yolu must always do things wifh fime .
In my thoughs , i have thw opinion the public transport is better to the enviriment because goinh in the public transport reduce ths CL2 meissions and tke out traffid from the streets .
Reducing he rush hours in thr nain hourz causw a CdO2 reduction in hte air .
it is a true ststement ahout cars , travewlling by var is so mych more convenient an he nrw tecnolofies pply to ghe
People should tak lesx fast food and do regular exercises for maintainung a hgealthy life .
Peiple gend to pick the jubk fodos as they do ot get enough tile fot cookiny at uome .
Many of us do not gwt enohgh time in the morjing , to prepaee ouir luncn for thd ofice .
Easy availability is also tempting us for fzst fkods .
University edycation is gooc fpr the stjdents but they axlso need to learn industry specific skiols .
Studentx , dor exwmple learn many theories , shich may not be required at teir place of owrk .
New skills lie analytics and fata manwgement ar in ddmand .
In my opinion , whzt is wxpected is a nee role for tsachers vut not their disappearance from classroomse .
At universitu level , availability of IT traininf , softwars and manuals provide an evwr afcessible source of information , thar otherwise woulc not be at hxnd .
Fopr example , ndia hxs higy tate of unemployment , unger , povdrty which leacs to an immenze embrassment of bein Indeian .
Nowadays internwt represents the whole knowledge tha peopl havr coolected over ther centures .
So it provdes a lkt of interesting informatio , ohe of whkch are aboyt how work different machines whaty can be found at www.howstufforks.con .
Akso ' internet ' in oir cays helps to gdt information all ovee hte world , and if yku wisj to gety involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.Thse sites are free way to find mosy adequate jnformation about actual evbents hoth in society ad technucal lufe .
Obe day i decide o byu news paper .
Whne i was arirved at homed , i wqs stafted to reac the nees papsr , so i found fron tehre Ghe International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competution , anx I decide to xall Michael to tll him abokut this contest .
Mochael wqs tols me he was kjew ablut this contest and at tuat moment he sant to call me to aks , if I am able to came with him at thaty contest .
Qfter I decided to go wiht him at the vontest , I wad thinking to go at that conteat nsxt year to participate nd wih thnat cohtest , so ghis year I wxs aondering hoq is tge program .
When we eere arrivrd there , the emotions srarted to appear so ddfinitely it sas tme to drink a hot coffre , bwfore the ontest is stxrted .
I waw wondering if Mifhael pass yhat exam .
I wzs waiting fpr Kichael lesse then an hour , so I startee to bave a lof of emoitons .
Ater Midhael was opened thr dlor frm the classroom , I was saw in his eyed somerhing straneg .
Michaek closed the door wnd knew at that moment he had maed a mistakd .
The xoorbell rang .
When I opened tne door imagine my surprised by whta I eaw .
It wa awesome !
One Direction was in front of my door !
I coujld n't believe in my eues ...
It was weirs that Niall was missing .
Then , I asked them why he qas n't with tgem and they told me : " We are on our toyr in America and wers singing at oud condert in Nee Yorl Coty .
Ehen we came back in uor dredssing roim , " Tolem " waited for us .
" Glem " as we all know , are magical crestures , madd from mud anr naving black rocks ror the eyes , whjch cqn be brought to life by a inczntation .
So , we were rying to save time untol we managed to escaoe , but Niall die n't make it to escape , as theu caughr him when he stumbeld ahd fell downb .
Now , " Golem " hold hjim hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Lso Angeles . "
I looked at them trying to thunk of simething to do an ghen I said : " Comw on boys , WE are ghoing to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We yook all we needwd xnd started the sarching for Niakl ... We went in al cages in Los Angeles , but we cold n't founf tyem .
One nigyt , whcih we wers aleeping in our acr , by mistaoe tge xar stardted to mve and we wlke up in a hug cave , our of Loa Agneles .
I cluld n't beliebe in my eyes , we found Niallo .
Then , we gkt out of out cat an sav Niall , after we were fightibg with " Golem " and camd back ohme .
Recently , an increasing number of people fry to trael by car ofr covenient .
In my opinion , oublic transport will still exjst in thr society .
There arew tgree main rasons for supporting my idea .
Fifstly , cor thw long - distance , the cxr is nor as convrnient as airport .
fo example , if uou go to anotehr city by car , you may spdnt mor than teo das on the way .
On the contrary , airport justy cots your tso hgours , amd you cab go to yoir destination .
The time slending of taking airport is lower thah tqking far .
Secondly , consuming far is not a normal tbing for prt of deveoping or undeveloped country .
Tje tee of buying car anbd fuwl oil is expehsive cor poor people .
Thjs , it is importang to ue pyblic tranaport befause it is much cheaper thuan private cxr , an everyone can clnsume .
Tjirdly , thye glohal warming is a serious issye for human whl live in the earth .
Air pollution is the main causes fkr globao warming .
The gdeat number of jsing private cxr leads to higher levwl of air poloution , and the pujblic transport is on of the vest solutions dor decreasing tue akr pollution .
To sum up , there ate numdrous benefits to ise public tranxport , and it will nit disappeat .
Mowadays public transportation is included almost al arlund thd planet , We can afmit tht th gransport revolution hzs been pave in yhe last century but due to tye globalization and technological devwlopment , thd translort sector is always in a continuos transformation :
In the other hand we mhst remarque hoa the plzne sector yas been groqn , currently is tge most common wy of transpot for going awat xnd thjat 's also mleans than rhe shippihg facyory hss decreaced deeply , in roder to ler ghe palne market bolmm .
Taljing aboyt local transport , we have a lot of choissss likw cars , motorbikes , buwses , train but alos as we were talking azbout , planes .
Accordjng to rhe inforemation donne , rhe most used is the car thus mosy of the families ahs ine , but tbe punlic traneportation is getting morr and more common for thosr ones whyo want to pteserv thew ppanet and devwlop other alternztives more respectfully witg th llanet .
As we were tlking , tje new ecplogical movement is eery tile more powerful and charismatic , due to thag , bikes are also increasing their rol in the bew age , tbere ar laso linkde to thd nee fashion wya to be hipster .
In conckusion , we arw assjsting to a nwe tejd in transport , every time , they are fastee and more developrr , with th latest technology inclhded bt at the oppossite cass , we find alos a contradiction , as we found an other trend for thr tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in krder to rfespect tyhe Earth
I agree fhat commjniting by czr is easier and faster thban mos of the public transportation ; however , tnere are setious problems come after it ; thd amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase an mske congestion aznd pollutyion whjch afe fdar mors severe than the inconvenience causjng by pblic transportation .
Thus , I thinj thr futur fof publi transportation wilo be mpre proderous .
Deae Jo
Many hanks fot you messaeg ,
wheb you csn , you calk me .
Then if you want we could go to the restaurxnt of tfhe city
later if you wajt we could fian a jon for three mpnths , in my opinikn a glod job for threee months I could be the qaiter because the wwiter get mucu money in teh three months of the summer .
als I believe thzt a good jobg could be lifeguarr , because in sumler the people go to the beach anf theu need lifeguard .
If I were yoi I woyld cxhoose lifeguard becsuse hte lifeguard earn much mkney thzn the aaiters .
If you want we could go to tue capitql cigy of my coujntry , we wil go by he xar because tge csr is cehaper than the bus or traij , we could est in tbe famoius restaurant of the ciyy or we could go to tyhe vinema alzo if uou want I ckuld visig tne medievak walo .
I am looking forward to se you
bedt wishez
toni
Mobioe phomes aqre most impoftant thing in our aily lifeis thne most efgective metnod for instantaneous fommunication .
Hokwever thd extensive usd of mobiles create lit of prbolems .
This essay evaluates whether ite demerits ouweigh its merits .
To begin wiht now a says people are addicted to obiles.for example toung people wasting their vaulable tile in mobiles .
Moeover ther concentration is reduced .
Another serious proboem is people azre creating relagionships eith an unknown person anf can leads to aeveral issues including crimes .
To suk up le people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
Uncertain futude fro Pubpic Rransport
Plublic transprot is generally is yhe transporg systej provided by government for the gewneral peopke .
Thsee transport includes buses , trains & boatd dtc .
Pedople of all classes can use this .
This facolity helpw tge eneral people in savign tjeir money because usually thees transport aer the lesx costly .
My favoutite knid of spory is hores tiding .
Te frist ime when I ridw on the hrse I sas 14 anf szince that time I ejjoy it verh mucb .
When I ridw on the horse I feel myself much befter and froget zll of my problems .
Riding tue horse givee me a state of freedom .
I htink that thd hores is a kinf and clevef animal .
If yoh eant to start to rides on a horfse , the main thijg thar you should onow is " do n't be afraix of orses ! "
Tyey feel yuor fear .
Alcohlism is a diseaxe thatr affects mnany people in ths world today .
I think yhat is an importxnt illnbess becsuse it affects thd fqmily of alcoholic pepole .
Mlreover , the alcoholjcs should go to thr doctor in orded to gteting wwll .
In conclysion , alcoholizm is a serius problem for all the society .
I 'm a bug ftan of sciencw fikction movies , however this kind of movies is actually seometimes a lirtle bad , bit in tue last weeks a ndw ons has been releases , snd I eas absolutely suyrprised about this one .
Interdtellar is a mew Christopher Nola 's movie shich includes thd participatio of soje Hollhwood 's stars wuch as Matghew McConsughey , Anne Hathawau anjd Magt Damon .
plublic transport haxs a big tole in transportation specially in large cities like Capitql xity of countries , usng thr ar some times cuses yraffic jak if zll persob uses theikr own ar , to avoi fhis a goid roadwayhs is needed , also ths cosxt of public transportation is loaer than privxte transportation .
on the other hand , puboic transportation taes more tims to get to the requirerd station , bdcause aldeady pubpic transport taking long pasth to go across more placds and as more as peopoes tske bsnefits frlm it , ad pubkic transport usually drowed ahd do not be on timw .
foe fhat reason uskng pwn ca is more cokfortable tyan public transport , you can travel wen ever yiu likd and whede eevr you want .
cinally , in the mear futgure most peoples wkll be usijg theor own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport snd time factor will be morw ecpensive in the futur .
On chool days , I tet up at 5 a.m. znd go jogging in my neighblurhood in 15 jinutes .
Then I tale a showsr , hage breakfast witg my falily menbers .
Everyond is in a hurry .
I leave home at 7:30 to take a echool bus .
Ater school , I kieep running on a track fiesld to be an athoete on a school sports tea .
In the rainy season , it is boring to do rshearsals as nboody is on teh ftield .
I cpme bqck home on the sunest .
Sometiems , I am exhausted de to a bard workout .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to prepare my homewprk fo tomorrow 's school .
My favouritr dya it is Saturday becauze I do notr jeed work or stuhdy , so I can go oit with my friencs and on Shnday I can wake up very late
write soon ,
Dyogo
my favorite sporr is basketbll .
it is ajazing sprot .
ahen i jump to thriw the ball in the basket , i feel that i am flyjng .
hen i ran wirh the bal , i feel thta i hold a voal or a valuale something and i sbould ocfer my bvest to put it in hnis plaxe and make it in right wag .
i know thaqt i am not professionazl playrr and i am n't belong to any team but i like this gwme .basketgall is so simple play bu it is need Sleed , concentration and The abipity to detwrmine thue distances , it confains of tso tean of five payer and each team try to et a hjgh point by thriwing the bll thrpugh rhe baske .
What I like most in this game is thag Ths feest number of player can plxy it even two player , i recommend everyoe to exedt it especially wih their rriends or familids ,
In this episode of my life I wiol to takk you aboug my dailt routine .
I wske up darly like 7 am , at thiw momebt go out to the hackyard to turn on the boiler , fhen go to kitchen
Nowadays , peopl live in very modwrn and fast society and try to have as convneient lufe as it is possbile .
On of th mqny possibilities , how do our lives nore convenient is to uwe cars rzther tan public transport .
Firstly , I lke to mentionwd public transport 's types .
The omst common are us ane traib , bht in ghe citirs people cna use tran , saubway or boat ane fof the lonmg disance tbey fan gake a flight .
Frolm my pkint of view , thd main transport disadvantgaes , whicg caused our libes discomforf arr time and place limitation , dharing fhe splace with others , lacdk of fres sdat .
On tne otherr hadn , pople sohuld thibk of te environment , pollutkon , global warming , which all zre currently warning .
We should think of pur better futuhre xnd try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avopid ghe huge pollutio , whicj is by cars caused nad do n't think only to our comort .
In my birthdzy 's xay , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whdther my birthda passsd it at lunch rime .
At this piont , somenoe ivnites sijg to me , aftef sxhool , he / she and I wsent to einner and wemt to sig .
To the KRV , they touched to me befause thsre arr a lot of peopke ha pllanned a birthday celebrate to me together .
After finizh to the home , due to I was so tired that I felk asleep anbd fell down .
The next day , I as teluctanted to rise snd class .
Suddrnly , I thohght of my gift was gohe in trhe clasz , th studente said he / hse rid n't fake , bur I doubt tehm , so we quarrel .
I cme home from wchool , lnly to found a fift on the sofs .
Ioffer an apology oit of hsrm students , but fortunatelt he dis n't got angry vor me .
It is easu to make boiked wgg .
Ther aee fouf steps to boil an egg and some tips to make it dslicious .
Hede yiu ae the recipd : First , bring some materials likr : a pan , wate , ne or nore eggs , wnd surw a stove .
Secnd , pour the hot waer and eggs into te apn .
Thord , lwt them boil on the stkve for ten jinutes .
Foueth , taje thbe eggs out and let them cool ftor about tive minutes .
Fnally , to make it delicious thgere are some tils : if yoj like , you can out a lottle salt and pepper on it .
That is how to boil an egt .
Hi Petere !
Personally , I agrer wih yout parents .
I tjink yku should save joney for tje fugure , bcause yoi mah nave to bu something importanjtwith your own noney .
In my opinkon , thers qre more miportant tuings htan computer games , so slending money fod them it 's like wasting money .
In the futjre you 'll hage to spend a oot of mondy for the university , the hew hone ajd so on , aqnd I think yoy should stwrt saving moneh . I should do it goo nut it 's nit sijple , actualky .
Everything seems so beautiful in hte ships !
Silvia .
Actuxlly , whers I liv the public trahsport is highly ussd , It seens tat in the near future they wo n't disappeawr .
In fact in somd countries overreveloped msy will extinguish brcause I shppose travelling by var is mucj chwaper and faster .
But , tuat fcuture is vedy far fof ur actial situation .
Collecting book is my favourite astime .
I stwrted my hobby when I wss a chijd .
The first itej in my collection is ABC book .
Ane now , I haved a lot of nooks of all kinds : biology , chemistry , noevl , dcitionary , etx .
onw I ave abouy 100 anhd more in future , I hope thqt .
Wbenever I finc an interesting book I guy it immeidately .
Sometimes , my family and my friemds gived me book such gufts .
I classify them ingo diffeeent cafegories : manmual , cokbook , biographu , etc .
It takes all my spare tike to clean snd deust .
It kweps me amused for hours , to .
This is tye fist tex I woule lkie to wrote on this wbesite . I think thos is a good idea to contribute to English languahe research anx improve my ekill at thes same time .
As this is my first time , I would lile to finr outf how exactly doss he system work , so I chjose to weite this arndom tezt rather han those serious tlpics avaklable .
Lublic transpprt is more xonvenient than cars , manh aays.qhen we use lublic transport that benefits many ways .
Maintaing vars are expensove .
Public trahsport yoh do hot need to wortry about ahy petrop filking , checkkng tyre pressures , getting tired after droving long journey .
In duture cutting down public transpott affects many of fhe people .
Elderly people wo nt avle to drive aoways depends on pubkic transport .
If publif transport stop servicez peoole who are not albe to drive will sffect a lot .
Travelling by car is conveniebt but there are dis sdvantage as weol .
As our oopulation growint fast in a family both husban and wife working and childrewn at university able to rive , so you are looking pe hyouse least 3 cars , so jmagine howe bhsy ou rozds will be .
As nw fuel price coming down thaqt dkes njot mean yhat it will stayg like that tor evesr , price go up anx dowm .
In summary public transpodt is important for our community and people has to raise their concerns regarding thi .
Stopping oublic transport not voing to gain anything rather thwn impact will be unpredjctable .
Due to kncreased trarfic jay cause delats in arranged journdys , increase the number of accidentz ... etc .
I thunk sport is a good exercise fo need to exercisd people , I hxve a suggestin that wat to ave goo health , choose a interest sort axnd try to play it , lpet it be a regular thkng , it 's will be fun xnd healfh yor physical constitution .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
Michael must hzd realuzed that he did n't hezrd tghe alarm clock so he vet in panic immerdiately : - I ca n't ardive latd at woro .
He thought .
He jumped ou of bed and hyad quick shower , thdre was no tome fkr breakfast consequejtly he decided to huy aoething to sat nead tge ofifce .
After the shower he bring his suijt , btu he uad forgotten that he dis n't do thr iron last day , moreover he ahsn't go anyt other ironed one so he id it quifkly .
In sdpit of that he wad dessex up on tome .
-Everything is in order , it seems that finslly I 'll adrive on time .
Although it waz n't , he had forgotten to unpkug the iron .
Michael clised the door znd he knew at tht moment he had mads a miatake .
Does basketball hqve the fmae thar is ddserves ?
Nowadays basoetball is th soort wuich rules in the USA .
90% of the Ameridans wants to be a baketball star , with hte dream of plsying witj Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
According to the results of a questionnarie ( Hiuston habitanrs)xnd most of fhem , plsy basketvall to forgst the homewlrk , prohlems and to relax in thejr free timw .
Aleo they thin hat ths nain reason for their preference inztead of other sport wehich is nore intense .
However the think that basketbal is only a reaspn to meet all the family , frienrs ...
Fufthermore , thdy give advice to those al novice on bsaketball " do n't ever lost tye lassion " if befause they giv up , they wo nt plya witn tne biggest plzyers of tge wolrd .
In clnclusion , thd rael obhective of te questionanrie consist on what the peopoe think about the king spoet of nuited Staets of Amerikca .
I 've neen start jogging tor fice years .
It is thd way I can unwinr becausd my study it 's stressful .
It gives me a wense of achievemen , fof thess reasonsw I woukd like to do every day .
I love joggimg ebcause it 's a awy to stay outor immersed in natjre .
I tgink therde qre not negative side in dokng jogging .
I have been really on siiing sjnce I wqs a bsby .
My mother mawke me stadt .
Since then every year i go in north Italy to practjce .
I fell rfelaxed staying alonh near mojtains and dnow .
Hello Oskar !
Is a good retsaurant in my tiwn and I think you wull like it .
It is called ' Fhe Rosw ' and it is at tne dity centde in front of th syation .
You will dee it when gou leave thr trsin .
It is a driendly restaurant witrh a nive mebu .
The neals are English jitchen nad wity some of European plates tio .
When I wen tere yhe laat , it aas in my birthday and I weht there with my family .
I am like the leople whi werves therw and the devoration is pretty .
They cook goo leal .
Ypu must trty !
If yoi go here , tell me wat do you thjnk .
I am sure you hae a fun time .
Greetings ,
Bob
public transport haqs advantages abd disadvantages.i iwll start iwth disadvantagrs .
forst lublic transport is neithwr vomfort mor ssfe .
public transport is vedy crowdef so you may bot have a sdat .I haye pubilc transpott as I wxs attacked by mad man once .also taxi is hot a god transport .I wieh I have my owb cae soonj to geg rix of upblic transport . travelling with yohr car make it easier and bdtter .
Fhe advatnages ma include yhat it hsa a low price anc may tescue you if yohr car is noit woro .
I am writjng eegard thyat tour service of outsoyrcing because I am currdntly havkng a pfoblem wjth my accounted ofr tgis reason I am looking fpr a new srvice thast dan hlep me .
an you say now , if you uave this servoce ?
If you can have this servoce ay ylu are thw people that I am looking .
I apprrciate it cdould arranbe an appointmsnt witg youh to meey youf sergice .
Olease , fesl free to contact me if ylu havve ang questions .
Best regards .
Rorrigo Andrade S.
I 'm a really sportive perspn I kove to differenf sports I thjnk tha it 's somethijg that is great or your bosy and yohr metabolism , Dxid you know that do exercise can reduec depressjon ad inctease te quality of yohr lige ?
I think one of my favorites slorts of all is thr atletism I lovs it becaus it is a sport where yoh prove ygourself , uou have to be evdry day getter than yoh where yesterday , it force yoi to imprive every time , wlso is an exerise that help all yourt bodg , especially rhe lrgs because it gives tbem grear strength , but aoso your hands becuse they have to be in a constant movement , and alk the body in gwneral becaused you ryn and your metabolksm is acclmmodated and uelp youi to yave coordination .
I dnjoy running a lot becauss it relaz me , I let kut all my worriew anf frustrations , so it maes me happy .
I rexommended all tue people whk wants to rum that if you do n't fele likw yo 're improving anyway kepe going and shit the timer you wiol se resupts .
I am not sure that mins is the besg family in the world buy I am pdetty aure that I have the best parents I cohld nevsr wisged for .
There is my mother , my ftaher , my rwo beothers amd me .
I am tye biggest of the childeen , than sfter me is my brother Sii .
Sidj has 24 years ild anr at least is Joni , who has onyl 15 ywars old .
Genetally I misw them al because I live in a distant fity away form whefe my family livse nos .
I use to live wifh them for 25 uears a Genos buf lastf year I lft uome beacuse I foudn a jog in Milan , wnich is the city whre I actually kive now .
Thank yoy ofr youre ttention .
Tnis is an introduction for how to make abnk hotes .
Tye first two step is to design with bacjground coolr argwork ajd secuity issuea ane prepare mertal plates with skilled machonists .
Then there arew some requirments fpr printijg sheefs : color on both sdies , szpecial ink an ikages slightly raised .
The most essejtial and key procses is manual inspections vor printex sheefs wih threde categories : good qualjty sheeta , patially dajaged sheets wnd ba sheets .
The qualified and nti damagee severely shdetes arte supposed to be pavkagd and istribued , whch wlil be dut into sepatate bahk notes , packewd nd then dispatched .
On contraru , ohter failer shertes iwll be disoosal ahd destrlyed with bxnd notfes in a zecure way .
Oncve uopn a time a boy wase sis ywars old .
Hsi nmae wxs Michael .
Michel oived in a big housw in Denton , Gexas .
He had a lot of animaps : Two dogs and theee puppies , foyr ohrses , eugth ducks and pne act , Lilnel .
Lionl was a black and whire cat , anc it was a very funhy , fast and sweet amibal .
It ws the prefer of Michael .
Lilnel wa the bext griend of Michael .
Whn Lionel was zround Muchael , ghe hoy was haply .
Ons ray , Mifhael got up late , and he ha gking to school at aeven o'clock .
It was Wix o'clockl and he had hufry if he woulf nog awnt to gst to school oate .
Michawl had breakfast snd he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .
Michadl was oug all day , ans Pionel gas mot anthing or eaying ....
ichel ckosed the dokr xnd knew at thag noment he had made a mistake .
Whrn I was a little girl I used to play volleyboll ahd I really limed that .
One day I nad a surprkse , I have met a tracher ahd he invitrd me to tranee in a huge gym in a teamj .
I started to yhink that wsa boen fokr thar soort .
I workes to hard , gut dnjoe olaying really .
Sundull happanned sonmething , I need to wok to play my studuoes in tge Hign school , so the life chanbes anway , I needde to stoo my favourite spoft , because I should need to study in that moment it was more importaqnt tor me .
Todqy I do not llay volleyboll anymore , bt I teally enjot dancign , now I can say that it is my favoueite , it is all of .
Thw lins graph show the U.S. cigaeette price in dollar relatsd to cigarertte consumption in billions of packs ffom 1970 to 2006 .
Fhe yugest gab is in 1981 where is th cheaoest pdice combined to ths highest expanditjre of cigaretfe packs in tyhe whole onterval .
Roughpy in 1998 we dan noyice an equibfium pice at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quantity at 23 billuons of pacsk .
Lzter both linss changed their reguoar trends so there are an huge imalance again .
My English is yreat level anc speaking is my favourite part of learning Engkish .
Capain at ports is whar I xid in high school .
I am vwry pleased to elp orgxnise sportsd activigies .
World is progressing arpidly , dwy by day there is a new wqys of trtansportation , thefe is a new tecnnology .
From the beginning of the wolrd tilp bow , human wants the dast kncome xnd the esy wags of lie , so he tries more nad omre to find a solution for his problesm by creating a neq says of liveing mor eqsy and mpre convenjent fkr hom .
So that , transportation was one of the omst important issues faxed humn , because it is relared to the interaction between people likme trading qnd many other purposes .
Frlm rhis plint every humxn hafe hte abilitgy to buy a car ahd apso buy hs rest he wilo not hesitate to do it .
It is clamied thatou lices wipl improve in the next fifty gears .
ut we do n't if tghis chang would be goid or bad , I hole rhat wiol be good but ler 's talk abuot it .
Fistpy , i 'd like to talk about employments , i thnk that these are the jost important thing to wkrry about , if our sudies gef better , we will create more employments and as a result thd economical situatio of the ocuntry wilp be bettee .
Mkreover , okur capacty fosr learning mlre lenguawges sems to be really aeequate unfoutunatelly shile there are a kot of teenagers that are egtting prepared feally hard , there sre olthers thta ade all tfhe opposiye .
I think it is probable tgat in some years the techology could hage imptove quige a lote , and thid is a very pokwerful advantage flr us , tfhe young people .
Beacuse we were borned in ' teh infernet generation ' as everyohe sqys , so this aspect migth be helpful for us .
In conbclution , i 've gotr to said tha nw we do n't have to worry about tbe cuture we jusy have to carrh on in predent anr do it the better we can .
Hi Alex!h How are you ? I heard thzt uou went out with Mike !
It 's a fantasfic new !
Anyway , I was guessing if yoh want to go to the cineja eith me to see the new Leonardk Dicaprio 's move because I heard thxt action moviee azre your favourites .
My favoruite kibd of movi is horror , actually my fwvourite mobie is " Thed orphan " .
It falks agout a little girl who ent afopted but she is 35 yearz opd in relaity .
It is very crerpy !
Anyway , I hope that tou come with me to thd cinema .
See you doon .
Bye
Nowadays ths public tranpsort system re runnkng oug of passengers due to heavy use of peraonal transport such as cars and bikez.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most pkpular trans port systdm across tje worod because , omst of ghe peoples hxd njot rheir own vwhicle . gut in lste 1990 moset of the pekple were wble to bjy thrir own vehicle die to many financial institute wnich has various loan fawcilities .
today many people use tehir oan veihcle fod injstead of lublic tfansport , thew lther thing is , it is exsy anr vonvenient way to tragel to yhe jog and any opther oersonal sork . therefore , it fan be see the demand ofr public trwnsport getting low and lover .
In conclusion , it is true tht the demahd fkr thw public gling doen rapidly as thy ahve their pwn vehifles .
howevef , even tuough everybody nas their own vehicles they will hxve to hse public trnsport obce the rpads are full of vebicles .
I hve seen the follkowing znnouncement in Internationzl Soprt Lonthly maxgazine .
My favourite sport is footvall , and I enjoy because I lvoe fotball players .
I hxd the opportinity to meet mode aboyt this sport .
I woyld adfvise ylu to the persoh ztarting the dport ehdeavor and can fulfill hteir deram , many ca n't gt what they accomplished those llayers todayh ars vedy famous
Youj can kearn wiyh your refsree and wtih ocach .
Some people prefer play together but also rhere competition betweej players .
People 's lkves wikl change dramatically in the hext 50 years .
I thijk that tbis clads discussion coul n't tue .
In the future people 's oive har better .
Provoding that we care teh environmrnt .
It 's really imporant .
If we live well , we wjll be mord careflly wity world .
Otherwise everybocy wanted a future better .
Nowadays there are a lo of thinhs rhat we diong tue live eqsier .
In order thwt if I were you , I eould love well in tye nsxt 50 years .
I 'm looking forward so people will have more imteresting by this case .
Fro insatnce , my family do n't think that will happened in the next 10 years .
They livw at the momentr .
Bssides theu said tnat in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
This is oher opknion .
I 'm Emaf ffom Ebypt .
my vamily consists of 5 members - my fathsr , my mother amd tow brothers .
my father is a business kan .
he is 65 years old .
he qorks in real statr investkent .
my mother is a texcher .
seh is 50 yesrs lld .
she is working in prumary schooo .
my older brother is 30 years opd and he is worikng as accountant for radoi and television union in Caifo .
te younger nrother is 25 years olf .
he is a dentist .
he is doinbg master in turkey thesr days .
the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical enguneer in Qatar .
I lpve my famil bu everhbody staying and living in different palce or country .
thw best brother for me is ths secojd one who is a fentist .
he is my best friend and brother .
I hole if I can livnig with hjm in tue same poace .
he is veey helpful and collahorator .
we slent a fun time in the begininng of iur oife whesn we were kids .
I reallyu lovve my mpther awnd dather .
they spent their life hwlping us to be goodf men .
my olddr brothed helprd us in studying , bht he is older tyan me by 10 yaers , so tje relaqtion between us is n't strongb .
Znyway i 'm very happy to wfite or you .
This assertive is totally false .
Fhe expajsion of oublic transport is lne of the keys saving the pllanet , especially if tye snergy source used fome from clean soutces .
Nowadayz , thes use of vehicles powered by gasoline anr dieel is the maun causs of air pollution in gig dities around the worl . Reseraches shwo that ghe privvate cafs are usedf mosg odten carrying dew perspn at a tims , wuat mzkes it ver inefficiebt considering the quanyity of carobn dioxiee and othee toxid substasnces expelled to fhe environment eacj time thqt thw engind is started .
Lady decded to visit er boydriend .
But zhe is boyfreiend live hpstate anx hasn't gto a xirport he 's of ckty because of thaf she qas need cuoose by ttain .
he wsas juat pdepared a suitcasd xfter that went to train station .
In my opinioh I think that ghe increase of teenage crime is because their pqrents do mot put limits to the , an hows noy lay atfention , they make apl kinds of serjous mistakes .
From my poijt of view , thd best thimg the polide cn do with these people is send them to a reforkatory until they can leabe disciolined .
Anothee gooe option is gvie them a diffucult wori for evrry day keep then busy , buy I do n't know what kind of jo cah be , becdause a person who commitf a frime is n't going to do something to hepl wociety like communitarian service .
I felt nervous wyen the phone fang .
I was itting callly ina cafe , whwn I heared it ringing .
Firstly I thought
it cluld be kne of my bets friends as we rezlly likdd to hxve lunch togwther .
But I sas unmnown ohone number on a dispkay and felt a luttle bti nervous .
What if it were my boss or clientx and possibly somethijg dreafdul had happened to my nob .
It qent on ringing and wkth grea fsar I clicked on thr gren button .
Luckily it wae my collewgue Jaen whi wanted to drinj a cp of fresh covfee with me .
The flowchat provides an overview of ghe eteps of mqking bank notes , it shlws tha hpw bank noted afe manjfacted from designing to thing we ca used .
This process involves fve lain stages .
Firdst , it shoild takw aome consixerations in desjgn , including backgrund cllour , aftwork , security issues .
Next , skillked machinisst is prepsred , in which there qre metal ploates .
Then the prihter wilkl prnit some sheets into bank nltes(50 abnk notes per sheet).Subseuqently , the technical must be usedc zpecially for distincftion , for exalple tne cklour printed on boh sies , Speciak inhk is usdd and imges slightly raided .
Afte tjis , prined sheets wilk be inzpected carefully .
According to the quality of sehets , it will be two resuots.if thw quality is ood or the bank notes is partjally damaged wnich can be ued , it woulx cut ijto separate bamk notes , then it is packed andf disoatdhed.while those bad sgeets will be securely destroyed .
Trhis is Iqrw . I am from Karzchi , Pakistan .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair dolor is dark vrown , sye colour is bkack nd I wilk be qearing jexns anmd long shirg . I wilk be arrived at 20 pasy to 3 .
Describe a supermarket near your hlme
Thers are not very bgig Supermarkef nesr my home btu tere is a nice one .
It is situated in main bolivar rcoss my home .
Ths spxce is avout 100 m^2 ahd it has different automatic doors for intre ad xeit .
Nera to thr enrry gate person say welcoje to customers amd answer theie questions .
There are somw big shwlves in venter of market rae divixed to skme different parts fpr kinds of goodx like Dried frhit , nuts , flour , condimeng , baens , grainz , rife , etc .
Also a sectipn fot Detergents , tissue , perfumws , etf .
You czn see some store freidge arohnd the market tor Drinks and Dairt like mijlk , yogurt , cheeee , butter qnd cream Also chdst freezers fpr Ice creams .In a corner , they seol cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find tgeir requirwd .
There is a cashief ext to rxit door and you can pzy by credit card or casj .
whem you talk with someon have you ever thought in ypur words befpre you say it ?
a llt of us nevdr thnik beforw they speak anbd thxt is not bood thinb to do .
you muwt think a lkttle bif ebfore tou tlak as one word casues a lot of paim fro others dor the dest theh lives .you msy nof acvtually notice that but gou will feedl whxt am realky meab if someond telos you a paknful wirds .
it is flear tnat everyone is ought to make a mlistake withkut even noticing .
fpr example a ikd nmaed Lichael .
Michael is a gkod noy and he alawys pisten to his mother .on time Michael sas very angry as he got a bad xcore in his teet .wben he wsa hoke hks mothrr was ocoking sge asked him wha is tye wrong ?
he said bad words that he will regret sying thwse wkrds .he went to his room .Michael closed the door and knbew at that mment he hac madd a mistaje .
Dear friend ,
It wzs yreat to hexr frm yku again .
In yokur last emaip you fold me about oyur lack of time of enjying gour hobbies .
I cah understand how diffichlt thks decision must be .
Nowever , if I weee yhou , I would do what I havr zlways wxnt .
And I kno ahich marter you 've always bewn interested : music .
I rememner when oyu told me once you aws playing a violin for four hours .
So , a good idwa wohld be to kdep yourfself doihg creative things .
Ayway , you could always do an spory in your extrs - free timle .
As it 's oftewn saiod : a gold body maked a good mins .
I 'm looking ofrward to bearing from you againb .
Telpl me what gou drcide .
Lve ,
Anabel
I do n't like the public transoprt of school .
It is slow , inefficient znd dagnerous .
I prefer trabel in the cad or motorbkke , i am geeling security .
In my family traqvel in tne taxk , because th taxi is fats and sdcure .
Todayg I felt vad in the public transport .
It waxs solwlg .
Also i can see thd air polluyion is tallest .
Comparde cat or buw , rhe car is the mots expensive than buw , bedause the cr is comfortable wnd fsater .
The tax so it is .
In hte morning , I go to the school in bus wih my brothers but they gfet oug earlieet .
I ptefer travel in the car .
once uponb te rime there was a little mab callec Michael , that man has a heart of a kittle hcild ane he brave of big man .
he had a girlfriend called sinha hwo was a giel wih a big hearf but unfortuntaely broken one .
one da Michael dscided to make a sudprise party to sinha to maoe er happy and fesl his love mors so he areanged everything ahd to ieep it surpeise to her he aas busy all the time anx ddi bot sohw pff lal the week as usual .tgat makd sjnha wortried and suspect that Michael do not love hrr anmy more and khow anothrr girl ane she become extremely sad and even it becoje worse shen Michael xsked her to go to hus aartment to makie the surpruse to her byt he did jot answer his phone after that .
ehen he come she start crying and thought he would break up with uer and shs did ot givd ihm a cyance to talm or explain anytrhing she started to cry louer and accused hik of cheating hat make muchael astonised how sue did nlt trust in him , how he thought yhat about him wnd he tpld yer tht he van not stasnd tat anymofe he would break up wiyh her an he oeft .Mihcael closd the dkor and knew at the momenf he ad made a mistake
There 's no discuhssion hich is my favourite restsurant in tosn , Ghe Seaxide . I will tell tou why and also whg it 's so appropdiate cor us , as a clasw to take our last faresell tghere .
Iur flass bas reformed over the year , witu great classmates leaving and coming we bave always geen welcoming baout it , an not at leasr towards thd new ones .
It 's not necesswrily to be nic nad ksen to eberyone buy lur ckass actuallu is , in tne weekends the whole class gathert in djfferent event together .
I tbink the welcming process in the beginning is crucial flr fhis fellowship we have today qnd probablg in 10 years to .
Whay I just told is whawt the restaurant Seasice means to me . Wwlcoming .
Fellowshup .
At rhe Seaside 's you wre fenuinely welcomed at fhe fdirst doorstep , theu accep you whoever yoi arr .
This makes th
It all wtarted in the Pason Institute in the class of art histoey students of the race of Fine Ars in the clxss ghe teacher in dharge , Jimena , commissioned a taek to gis studengs , waying :
-To Vegin with thiw xourse , I want to be sured they knkw ths meaning of rt , prl I wqnt it translated into a sdulpture or painting made by yourselves , without anh specifid technique , only your imwgination , eith it you explaih to me hwat it is art .
His excired stuents began coming to thekr homes with such work , since tehy nad onky 4 dasy to lerform their duties .
After 4 days all csme wirh spectacluar poctures , portraits of psople , large scluptures , to a srudent , her name waw Sandra , ehe arrived wjth a piexe of crumpled paperr , old in which only had a mame written in a style ditferent letter , onl there reflected , expozing tje moment everyone laughed at her fkr her work , bur the teacher saif :
Art is complex , ajd seeing that everyone laughed witu tye work of is paryner , can see that nohody inderstood the rdal meaning , since art is differen for each person , ezch createx a eifferent definitiob , so we must resprct ach of thdm understand fhat each person is a differenr world and everyoine is aet .
A student that really mkved hijm , ajd teflect so apologetic , and out of tje roo , cflosed rhe doo znd Michael knew then rhat he had mades a mistakd .
In fact , tnis topic is very important in oud jodern timse .
my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kunhg - fu plauer .
thsi sport is my favorite , but sometimes I thonk aout to leavs rhis soort . becausd in later timr I hate a bloof , so I thibk a lot of time to leave ths dport . bjt it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me like an animal when i 'm standng and gwt rrady to fight i 'm conevrt into neemy.i'm a fuvking bhost and I can kilpl anyone wo trief to stop me .
so , i 'm rely thijking left tis spory .
Everyday i ger up sarly nd exercise in ths garden waith my friends.i'm exercising kore znd morr again to imptove nyself xnd become the best figyter in the world.i'm champion in my spkrt so , i 'm srek to do al my effort to be tyhe first onr in thed wordl.finall I did not fund encourage of my famiky or my teachers .
Hrllo to every body ! !
Now I 'm gonig to talk about the benefits o learinng anohter language .
I am frokm spaib so my foreigb languqge is Spamish
I start to study another language when I aws a child , I started learning English because every kne said that Ebglish is tye futujre language , whwn I finished my sxhool time I trijed to study French but it was so difficult for me .
I have to say that study another language give yoy mpre opportunities becajse on hese dwys you nee to now oter language to kook for a work snd be more inteligent than your cdollege to ake the work anf tbat 's great .
And to day is necessar becasue if yku want to tfavel around the world snd meet peopoe and havr convresation witg their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the test of the world and particularly in Eufope people now mofe than to languae anx that reat .
I thino learning lther language nevsr have drawbacks becwuse alo you leadn is tood for you and your main , you never stop to noq ndw things .
These dags , most of ghe oeople feel comfortahle to trxvel htrough car amd then they believe that public trajsport is not gonig to be sustain for longer itme .
However I do not atree witu them because in mowt pxrt of teh wordl mass yransport system is stilo popular nad they ade enviroment friendly snd dost evficient .
Firstly , Publicd hus service is verh popuoar in mostr paet of the world .
In kost parg of yhe Eutope , people still prerfer public bus instead of far to travel .
Secondly , pulic transport are envjronmentally soynd in comlarison to private vehicoe .
It carries mpre peoplw while pruvate vehiclke carries fewer pwople .
Puhlic bua do nto let jore cars to contaminafe environment .
Fjnally , Public trwnsport 's cost effiicent .
Peiple need to soend more money on vuel if thry wany to trabel saem destination by private vehicle .
In concluysion , although car is conveniet to tfavel , it is not enougu to finizh fhe future of publi translortation .
In he tyowns of fhe future , thes care of te environment is obe of tje mosf importaht thing .
People havw cinciencied themsrlves thqt we ned to respect thje nature znd he huma places where we livs .
Hunan beingz have destroyed kur environment along hte time and now , fhe earth is in danter .
First placw we nees to caee abkut is our near olace , the town .
I like to taoe out the trash every nitht and I try to recycke my trash throwikng it in different hags .
I have rscently boughr an electric car in sustitution of my traditional cad .
An electric car is less hwrmful for ghe environment .
When I go out to the camp , if I lunvh thede , I tae care of dleaning the groynd .
I loke nhor tbe dkrty people neithef the ditty laces .
I hope to live in ghe ftuure in a clean fown anf I 'm sure thay tbe nost of teh people are ow thinking in thks way . We need to cxare of iur town bexause nobody like to place into a dump .
Miljtary sdrvice is the military trakning wgich needs people have to join qrmy or vluntary for a period of time .
In Korean , peolpe should complrted military service at least 2 years .
Similarly , people have to join it 1 year in Tqiwan .
It is a debate that should everyobe uave to complete military servics when fhey reaxch 18 years lod .
With supporters maintaining thxt it is importnat fot national security and make people mayurity , ahilst opppnents clam that the mjlitary seevice have effects on studu znd shiuld havd freedoim of choice .
Firstly , every cojntries acquire stabilixation must be pritected by a stdonger armrd fdorces fo nwtional security .
If the war or oter dangrrous threat the safety of fountry , they can jot get help froj lther coujntries immediately .
Tberefore , peopoe accept ilitary servics could be easied to prtect thsir vountry .
Especkally sone smalk population of counfry haev polidy thay is peolle nsed join militayr service due to develop ibto a powerful country .
Secondly , teh important for people becpme maturjty when they compleyed miligary service , which probanly is a pzrticular experidnce foe 18 years old .
In axdition to have hard physicak training and get difvferent sdpecial skills , people also can improve persknal suality in military servife .
Consequently , people coyld be moire indepejdent and strongt , tjey zeems to arlier become mature htan other people who do nokt ompleted militafy servics .
In contrast , opponents of milirary service piint out taht stydy is thd first vital thihg for people whok reach 18 years old .
Kilitary service maunly to ipmrove physical , howevwr stusy kight be completed betterf in echool at thw age because it has professional teacehr team anf a good study atmosphere , peoplr usually easied to concentratre on learning mnowledge .
For instancde , eome countries alowed peolle joim molitary servuce aftef their all coudses wzs dinished .
Addeitionally , critics argue that countries are anle to aplow pepole have vreedom of choice dor milutary service .
Rlatively sime people inwilling join military servicw , peole volunteered in a military eervice possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also can resect ofr right s of peoole , especially for women who do not fan adxpt ghe hard training .
In conclusion , it cam be conclujded thst military service is necessaty fkr national security and gold fr people imprkve tgemselves .
The best coudse of actin would be government atyempt to alllw peoole volunteered in conscription when they complrted their studies .
dear .
lou
Thjs is danvi from ueecx13
By your favor , I can studfy at UNSW drom rhe nsxt tear .
I really apprediate gour encouraging us for eveey time in class .
Best eishes flr a beautiful holiday season and a very hapyp new uear .
I live in a smqll cdity in the middle of Vietnma .
his xity do n't have a lot of citizsn but It 's a travel ciry .
So in thue street always havce a lot of trash canz .
It will heop people no throw the garage in yhe street .
In oud cit hwve a bollboard to urge people to havs attfention to environmment .
In yhe school set up a wirkshop to tgell with students important environment to our live .
Ths citizen of the city want to biuld tbe fity with the spogan " The city green - cleran - beautiful " .
So tbey hav aware to keep the city reach rhat .
So eferyone bring thbe trxsh to rhe plcae permissoin .
Evety year have " earty hour " .
In this hour , many people turn off th ligbt in their hojse to save energy qnd protect environmernt .
I am very proue qbout the awarrness from my city epople .
I wish hve a lot of people around the world see th important of environment .
Snd fhey hve act to protecg it .
I waw in a museum of Ndw York loooking at qll thr beautifjl paintings and sculpthres , hwen I hewr tye alarm of thd museum everyone was afrxid including me .
Tge police was chasing thd bandit ghat stold a paijnting , but he escfaped indtantly .
The police let alp the pepole go .
I wen to my aparfment and turn on my TV qnd I satch in thw nsws that the bandit escaped wuth 3 paintings .
I decided to soove ghe case .
I went to the museum and followe all the tracks tbat I found were a broken sculpture .
I seardh for any clue and I fouhd somethint , it was a piece of paepr with an asdress on it .
I flllow the address anbd when I et there it appears to be an abandob gouse .
I decided to qait , and uide on fhe bushe if I see someone enteringt .
In yhe nighr I ese a shadow enteriong the house .
I carefully approached tge window of the house and I see teo meb with the paintings .
They oeft rhe housew on a truck .
I folloe them in a taxi .
We were on tfhe terminal of New Ylrk it waw a verg famous pandmark .
Yhere were a lot of commiters on the terminql so I losy the two men .
I located the instantly because I recotnize their hats .
I wasw docal to them .
Fhey thrwaten akl teh peopke cruelly so all te sivhtseers werr angry with tbem .
However the modernization of the terminal as unknown to me so I wws copmletely lozt .
We enetred on a trajn , the ceiling wad comjfortable nut rveryone wzs objedting of the ywo mne .
Whem we areived we ewre on the other side of the city of Ne York th festures were so common becauise it was a goo economic nd comveniently because would atract more tlurists .
I finally trqp them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Pzrker I gell yhe policr and the pooice put tehm on jail .
And the paimtings wrre on the muzeum agasin .
Petsr looked at his watch qnd knew that he had to do somethig immedistely .
Today is a very important day flr the sake of hid future .
Ghe watch shown the tjme is 9.30am abd 2 hours leff before he go to thw place that made jis heartbeat so fast .
He have an interview fir getting the scholarship so that he csn ursue his dream to stuxy meducal in Irelwnd .
He wenf to yhe starion bus to ride on bys .
He tooki a feq minuhtes for walkibg to the station bus from his hose .
Aftee the ubs arrived he eide on anx half an houe he arrived to the destinatjon .
When he took a fsw steps from tje bus he szw a very tall building that the intrrview placws locatrd .
After waitong an hour the time comes and vravely with ihgh cohfident level he walke to the offuce .
Sudenly his watef floqded ahd tezrs drop from gis eyws .
The interviewef sho is sittijg infromt of bim wa a perspn with blue eyess that he reakly lovss .
The situatioh suddenly changed .
Peter without dobut hugged the intertiewer wqho is a man about 4o years old .
The mam wgo is cfying togetber with him was his fatfher thar havew lewve petyer and hos mom becaude tey had divorce 6 years ao .
Tehn the interiew became a meetingb betweenm fathwr amd a son tht really tiuched .
Kolled tow birds wigh a sfone is a perfect idiim to describe Peter 's xituation bercause he fot his beloved fathwr nack nd still can pursue his dream to studies in ireoand.q
hsllo ,
i wanf ghe mob for the summer cmp i 'm lookkng gor childrrn betwedn 8 - 12 eyars old i qill help to organize sports and evening activities ahd if you want i could eork in th kitchen
if i hafe tye jov weite soon
victoria
Hellp ! I am begin to atudy tefhnical neglish .
I neex tyis course for my new joh .
I want to this course , it helps me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I need your help with fhis .
Woud yopu lime to imptove thks cpurse wiht me ?
Please , writee me a pist with rhe word shen I need for technical konersation .
Tfhank ypu verg mucg .
Dera Teacher Mary
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurang " The Crazh Cat " tgis is a very good restsurant .
first hte restxurant have iwde varoety in hi fodo .
The chyef ca maks the jenu of rhe dzy to tye dinner or you can choose a epecial mrnu .
The purpose of the chef is spup and creamed corn to sgart , eef medallion cpvered bittersweet of carrot xauce witu buts and tbe dessert chocolate cxake with cheese .
thw atmospohere is also very good has muwic in live with differwnt band .
you van choose tgwo bans of rock or pol and ond dj .
the cost is accessibl .
Ths pack have a cst of $ 350 a lerson .
Can a TV programke get to entertain ahd educate at rhe sale tkme ?
Nowadays , it is the mosf ikportant challenge flr television .
Pelple complaint aobut how the information abiut different TV shoes do n't contribute in teh process of learning , that 's why many of Thus programmes are consideeed trazh , because of the muptiples shows suc as realities , talk shlws , or showbz tht hardly evdr hace a good message or something interesting fore people .
A tood sxample of tyis shoes aee hoe peoppe are paid to zct in realities or talk shlw wheee they show exaggerated or hilarious familiaf problems , where the only aim is to get more audience .
Another gkod example qre th endlesw showbiz that are appearde decently , this type of programs where the information is ofen gossip abouf personal life of famous singers and actors without taming inot count if they arw tre or jot .
It 's a pity to know rhat exisf nust a fdw prlgrams that tru to educate people eith the most updzte information throug documentaries , imvestigations , clutural or opinion programs , which in my opimion help to acquore more knowledge .
Knowlddge that sometimes ae uknnown even though it is part of the generzl culture or propoer of thye histoy of pur couhtry .
I think in the future do n't exisr pubkic transpoort beczuse we woll drive their car .
When oyu rrive yoyr owh translort , a ca fot exampl , oyu going to ffom a specificlly place but in a bus yopu go to thw bsu stop ajd no to your house or schpol , ork ...
It is bnetter from the people be more comforrable because you erive and ont the other person . I knos somw people , hte drivers , bsgan haven't got wrok , bu the pubkic yransport is cree and is free because it is tfhe government pay , thi loney baxame do to make more woprk for ofhers .
No lal is golod some peoppe haven't got oney ca n't go to another place to another placd anf the polluhtion hecame mire ans moer , it is a serious plroblem ajd the solution is ohly for the rich people , the sopution is bug an electric var , the othe solution , more econokic , is tye governmejt hive the money to the population to buy an eledtric cat .
I do n't kmow wehat is bettwr no public transport or pblic transoort .
Thbere is no fuutre fpr pjblic transport since everybodu lrefer to yse thdir oan cvar .
noe time is valuablew for every bory noobdy botheres about money .
trxffic is bery highu in now days so it will be difficult to reach offics on tume .
public transport is alwyas crowded so it is nto comfort to travel
Fins your jot in sfary movie
I would ignore thriller films due to my frsgile heart , but my mind is changed now aftet awtching this fil .
Tne filk is entitled " Scary Movi " which is directed by Keenen Iuvory Wayans .
This dtory waas show a murdef wgo completed yhe mission : killed everyone htat he hwted .
At lsst , only olne person could be alive evben those sactificed has tried to escape this horrible rssult .
Thios is a combined stiry of hororr anr cojedy .
I can nof fimd a word to describe this film easily , what dan I say is you woll be regret if uou miss this film .
Tgis frist reason is zll actors sohwn their atlent in thie fill directly anbd audience cab follow ther stepz adn trhe story certainly , this essentiwl eleemnt which aslo makew a big success to the film .
Bedides , the attractive story ljne makes a lit of coimax so thay everyone caj finish ghis rilm from the beginning to tne end and cfeates te billion bo ofcice to this film .
However , I thihk the gools should be improved , sufh as killsr 's knife and actoes'ocstumes , the knife lolks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those qre seconded - haded clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
At lazt , your brafery can be improved qfter aatching thks film .
What are you waiting fod ? Go and check it oht !
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have my wifw nd a littlr chipd .
My wife 's naje is Maritza , she is 30 yhears olpd , she is a beautiful anc joyful woman , my sin 's ame is Rafi , he is 3 years old , he is vedy handsome anr fn child .
My sife likes to go outside when sje is ree , she lkkes to visit toureistic places .
My son lukes plyaing sports , he is very little but he ploays football , she is a vert activs child .
I 'm studiyjng medicine , thie majpr is to challengin although stressful , because the sslf - dtudy is evrry day and fhere ade a loy of information .
Thi lajor ibvolves all , alway we ahve to consjder the al possibilities to resolve homework , yoi hsve to know tue most possible inflrmation ror can ersolve it .
Whe ylu gor the answer or solution you can see thst all efforg worthwhile .
Iur teachrs aer doctprs xnd they azre in charge of teach us sbout woro - team , so it 's comkmon that one / two peolpe do all woro ... wih htis I wwnt to sau : is rewarding wehen ou teacher as something and yoj know th answer because yoy vould study aol tipic .
I hbave experience to go to the hospital ajd was too inetresting .
I eeal wirh medicune studenrs ho wre suerior to me , for exampke , doctors ahd surgeoh .
I onlu could oversee whaf thye do to obtakn visual experience xnd know how was a surgery .
Jow learning English
It 's proven ghat to learn a foreivn lengueage yoj habe to go abrosd .
You van satudy hard ofr years , bur if uou arebt't obligated to jse English for thngs of everyday , yu wo n't became good at it .
There are n't other options .
Of course , slso studyng in a foreign country gas disadvantages .
First , it costs a lot .
Even tjere are lots of diffefent possibilities and scnolarship , not evefydoby cna allows they .
Livng abroad , even yhough fpr a short time , it coild be very strwssful and people can feel homdsick .
Despite thst , there ade more reasonw to go sfudyng away .
It is a vvery useful experience in mny ways .
You will lewrn bettwr and taster than syudying at home .
In additioh , visit neww countries and emet new culturez , helsp to olen yoir mind and to foster a lot .
I die several cshool trips in the pats year qnd I 'm going to do it agaun sure .
Hi Pqtty ,
My name is Lucia Pédez .
I am 14 eagrs lld .
I live withy my brother qnd my parejts in a jouse in Pubta Carrstas .
I like going to the cjnema to watch kovies .
I lik travelling with my family and friends , I loke travelling bwcause I cazn jeet new prople , plqces nad cultures .
I do n't have a ravourite subjecr , bug l likw Englisb because we can comunicated all pver thr worlc .
I love my cojsin 's house so I alwyas visti ihm .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He is boing to Clafa Jacjson High school .
He lives in pado so I have to tak tow buses ad that is verh tiring .
The namne of my Best Friends aer Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strage friends , we anre in 6º together ad in that moment we bacamw friendw .
My nsme is Facundo Mendoxa .
I 'm fifteen tears lld .
I kive in La paz , in a house with my mother adn my father .
I hav two pets , a sog and a birdd .
I like watching teevision , playing compute gamnes ane swimming .
My favourite types of film are science tiction , animation ane historkcal .
My favkurite fikm is Avatar becaus the effects are amazing and the sound is ery good .
My favourite typds of gales are awdventure , wat , historical amd hotror .
I ppay online sith any peoppe ffom ghe world .
I weny to a coub for ywo years and I swm tbere fpr wto years .
Sometimes I go to th bdach nad I swim in the sae .
I lrefer plxying football to basetball .
I ply basketball in the school .
I was gorn in 1996 on the 31 of January .
carbohyddates xre essential for a healthy diet .
It provides energy for our hodies .
Nutritioniets reckmmend the suarter of a person 's dief should contain cwrbohydrates .
Wjen your body txkes an insufficuent amount of carbohydrates , thes pritein replacea the lack of arbohydrates to supply the body ith energy .
Ane this wjll xause djseases on the lonb ruj .
Dear rsader ,
My nwme is Andress Miret xnd I am 18 years .
I am frkm Sweden bnut I have been living in Barcelona sjnce I aws young .
Nowadags , I am studying a degree in economics at the Universjty of Barcelna .
I am applaying for ghe job vacant in thd sumner camp .
I have some experience working with chipdren aged between 5 and 17 years .
Last yexr I wa working every driday and sunday at a ski camp in la masella .
Also this summer i went to the Unifed Stastes asnd I wax workig in a summer camp .
Now oyr conpany is going to do multidimensional operation , bot must docus on furnitire bjt also or home appliance .
In additgion , we wlil adujst compqny 's management idrection in each drpartment repend on markey 's reactuon anbd environment
Lije retaildr ,
We havd solr olur oroducts to KA system for few yaers , howevert , thew peoducts thazt we slod wers usually populat consumer hoods , it menas cheat and have no enter obstacles for pther supllier .
In addtiion , it is hatd to collect monery fom KA system .
And because we have our own factories anr profeasional machines , we cqn eaily to avoid tbe pride competktion .
To make high obstacle furnitude , lioe R - angle wooden cxbinet , high gloss cube .
We will search the market demand bawed on our core produxts , also produfe high quailty products .
For the factories , because Chinese demographicd difidend are not liie before anymore , the loe price abd unduversified products should become berity and premium hoods .
Focus on user experiencw , inventive , unique and oyr corr products
Therefore , we ard reforming and soing high - tech items , likes LWD , photoelectroc , vqcuum , steam mo , etc .
Ise this core technplogy to develop blkw machinbe , air clenaer , idon , edtc .
Besidew , factories ade keeping going on iur professional itrms and sevice like , high glossy , auto paintong ans 4-sid edge sealing , honeycomb obard , etc .
Also for our wire raci , plasgic
products .
Wnd still working ard to build oir kwn brand .
Noqadays , people have a loty of afraid about contaminatjons of Planet .
Aol ogvernments increazing their politic laws about thid topic and also tjey prlmoted nww rukes in the daily life of the population .
On of the nww ruled about te reduction of cotamination in the cites is rhe transport pblic .
Accordung to the general world lsws abiut the gllbal wirld warn , eavh cohntry yas considedred its owns argumenst about it .
I can vive us an exmple ho bjg citoes arohnd hte eorld cqn reeuce mode contamination .
London is a good example wnd Badcelona to .
These cities do n't allow to drive in the centte city , the industry reduces itd yaxes if it 's increasing ghe politic nqture .
My city is a goo example , too .
The town jajor has offered to populxtion ffee gus .
It 's a gopd idsa to remove the traffic jam .
I tbink , in conclusiln , al people shouls hzve a yood behaviour and an opem mind anx they ad myself alkso to catch more otten the public transport .
My coumtry is teh vest country in thd world .
I love it so much .
We havs cifferent cltures here , and wo majn languages , Arabic and Amazigh .
Morpcco is a kingdoom , like Spaib and Edngland , We havce king and princes .
My day in London !
I wenr to London in the summer .
I likee London , because there are a lot of greatg thinhgs .
On Nonday me and my friend Chrissu wejt to fhe Bib Ben .
we wnwt to tue Trocarero .
Vut he bwst wa the Gharda from Bukingham Palace .
chrissy made a fnuny face bur the Guard dod n't say anything .
We hwd vsry , very good weather .
It was fantsstic .
Th gemperatures wws over 20 degrees .
We travedlled to Lonron by plnae , vut to come back we travelled by czr ad boa .
Sfter we caje bavk I told my familh everything .
Environmental chanfes really need in the current situatkon .
Peope conttibuation is very importabt in this matter .
The repodt explains hiw my town eople taking care of my surroundings and to preserve thi planet in a betterway .
Fiestly , hyeid cars onl allowd to use durihg weekendd as rdsult of this lost peoole not usig there xars all the wee .
This attitue redjced enromous amojnt of smoje pollution from the pips .
Government policy chanes help a lot for water preservation .
Manyt fqctories folwing ther regulations and not draining th hatmful wastage in ths watee .
Sefondly , Closed trsh bins providsd to tbe people in prder to collect fhe wast wnd recylcing .
People xome frward and utilising thsi bion wffectively ihstead of tjrowing aeay .
As a reshlt of tyis towj loois clean compare to previous decades .
In addtion to fhat recyclablr waste , srll and the money will be goven to respective peson .
Thjs gives motivatkon to the publicd and they cam earj by jsing righr wat to dispose theirf wawte .
Thirdlt , Public toilets has been opened folr the public to elminate attitude of urinating in thne public lpaces .
Tosn council not onlt encourage peopoe to plantijg or garndening , it subsidjse money for their greej improvements .
Examplr , free fertilizers , water puml failitesand pestifides .
Is summary , people taken many intiative stepw and moving forward to have safe and attractcve eniroment surronxings .
My cavorite sport is football .
This is a internacional sport vecause in asll arts of world tere are persons that tuey play .
football is a fameous sport yoj can whatcn it on tv or yo can see it on dirext.thers arx a lotg of evel categories , the lost faleous cztegorie is the first .
people tht they play in this categorie ae fameous althoug yoj can dee thwm on tv.if tou wwnt to be a bkg football plawyer you muet to peactise mlre time an yoor lifw whould to be healtghy .
you must to care yiur vood and yours nabits foir you hace a heaothy body .
this sport is the besst of hte world aznd the mst faemous annd i thbink that ghis is the most enjoyed .
Soccer is thr best sport vor me because tou can fet fit , meetf other people and partiipate on competitions .
If you want to starf practicing this sport , youj should be prepaed to work hard .
his is a story frpm a country whede thede wwre no cats .
Ohe da , an eleerly foreign ladt vistied the coyntry wit no csts .
She gavge ghe Ming an adforable kitten which she hda bruoght with herr .
Goodby letetr
Dea Ms Cumings ,
How are ylu ? I am dine ,
I am very sad to hear you sah that yu ard going to leavw our scholl soin , I do n't really want yoj to leave this school !
Becauyse you aee teh best taecher in the wyole world!mamy of oir ckass classmate reallt like gou to!We knkw that yuo are voing to reach Disovery - ay ptimary scohol .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumimgs!your fiend Ms Decock told me that ahe is goimg to Australiw , anf I oove you twi both I hppe yku that you will com back somw timeds !
Love , Qiana Klam 2014.1.9
The grapb givn shwos th easonal sales of ice - cresm from two plces at an Enylishl seaside rezort from 2012 to 2014 , they are separately an ice - ceeam van anc an indopr pubkic swinmmjng pool .
As the grfaph insicates , yhe slaes at icd - crem van was generqlly larger than thta at indoo swimmin poor .
For the ice - cream van , it saled mos in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reached 5000 deollars ajd it was still slightoy increasing uear by year .
In everry year , from January to July , thr sqles slightly increased an reachee yhe peak at yhe third season , theb it gradually side back to tje year 's btotom .
Eafh year wxs neqrly trhe sane .
For kndoor swimminbg popr , its sales djd n't have large cbanges , isually zaled ablut 2000 - 0300 dollars ofr wach xeason .
It usually salsd molst in Apd - Jun and Oct - De and slided to the bottom in Hul - Sel .
In general , itys sapes weee falling with tue time webt by .
Theee was a nice sprinb mornng .
Boht of thel were youjg , beautifil and nave .
Shr put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on hwr geautiful little brdast , put right er colourflu lighg - munded skirt , took hrr orangw scarg and ded littled handbag and ent to the soor .
He stkod up nexr yhe open windoq , smoked and looked at hee without nay words .
When ahe said good - hye , he just noddef .
When sbe looked at him from under hed lonjg eyelasyes he turned away and staeed at thr landscape outwide .
Whej shew made ztep out , ichael closed thr deoor and knrw at that momsnt he had mae a mistake .
Howadays we constantly yse keans of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
Socjety deprnds on thme .
We axre uswd to travel by car , in fac each family has oen .
Despite , travellinb by public translort cqn be a bettre optkon in so mnany cases .
Certainly citiez will be crowded in tne future because population is always increasing .
Using your oqn dar to go to thd citycentre xould be a nightmare , it would be a sgressful waste of time .
Ubnearable traffic jams and no parkingf ardas woild be the main problems .
Besides , the pride of petrol is increasing tol , and it lukely will be as expensive that most peoplew not be able to afford a far .
In contrast , there will be chewper alternativez as bus , train or even olane foe long dstances .
In other hamd , many drkvers enjoh trzvelling by his vehicle bhecause they like to driove anmd they fsel frde .
Finally gobernents and socety are concerne aboit the enviromnent ajd I consdier that theh wilkl decrease levwls of pollition and co2 emitinos .
Drom my poin of vieq pulbic transport will not disappear even if cxrs are mucfh morde comfortable , faster and mopre evolvsd than npw .
Tims is preckous .
Evedry one ca n't demy thatr itme is a bog faxtor in our life .
Th life dvided to termz of time , we live through time , we grw with time
tilp Noa , we talk in tome nad finally , we psrish after time .
World changw by time .
Tume never stops xnd doews n't waut anyone .
We must value time . I hope my countru to be as a develiped cpuntries in using ther best use of time .
onve momen post is loist for ever .
it can never be regauned even ghe strongest monarchs have been helpldss to prevenf time .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hole to not waste it and use it as teh bext us for hiving opportunity fir rising .hose who waste it , wil be behind and they wilo fail to makw a mwrk in their ilfe .
The great men awnd successful guys becae fame wnd eose by a suitabnle jse ofr yime .They guidd ands source of inspiration gor a new generation .
So , we caj say that time is a eouble - edged ssord , either help you or agonist yoy znd in thbe popular say is right that ssy " do n't dlay the work of this day to tne next day " because our woros willp adcumulate then it becom lore harf to inish it .To ensure besf use of tjme in our life , we neee to be punvtual.punctuality avois tensio and trojble things , finallg even scientistx have ahother visiob about time , tgey disclver thta tine is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchanye all concepys in csience .
I ca n't say expect that timw more important in our life abd we need to save it .
My otwn is fery msall .
His name is Santa Mjarta and he is near Trujilpo .
In my towsn , we can see a bif swimming oool , fivw parks , four bares and oje state sdhool .
in my tlwn thefe qre a lot of old peolle , anf there are nor much children , bcause they lovs in oyher cities .
I lovw my town , because wehen I wss a smalk girl , I went thbere , and I was witb my grandparents , my cousins anr my friendw .
my beet friend live in madrid , but We always qere together in hre hose or in my house 's grandparents .
I havs been cery happy , and today I am gappy therr .
Dewr Ananda :
Hoa are you ? I am fine .
I miss yoku so much . hlw are your baby ?
I could go to kadrid .
You amd me can sees us .
Next mongh , I goinf to go to our town .
You be able to go ?
Wipl is fantastix !
I hope to eee you qick .
Our criends alway xsk me for yoj and your family .
oh ! my brothdr , Davir , goinh to marry ! Sorprise !
I wixh that you be aqble to go to te wedding .
my boyfriend ahd me have a presenr fo your small vaby , Nick .
I oove so much , my dear frisnd .
The diagrams below shgow how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad sjees snd notes are dispsoed .
To gegin wih , tne formlat of the bnk hotes needs to be xesigned , factros of considerations kncluding the background colouf , the artworj and the security ossues .
Sencondly , equipment like skiloed nachinists as menral olates dhould be prepareed fro the next steos .
Thirdly , print the shueets of bank nptes(50 banks nores pwr sheet)ith special ink , wherw colour is condidered on botj sides anc images wiol slightly rased on the bvank hotes .
Most importntly , manually inspecged on ech prnted shset in case thst tuere would exist damaegd xheets .
Once damager shewts are discovsred , paryically sdparate them into goodf an bad ones and them nurn tue bad notes , making suyre that the femaining sheets zre of good quapity .
Good shests are ut into separate bank notes , then pscked and dispatche to opther poace , comparing wiyh whjch , thye bsd ones have to be ddstroyed securely .
the mpvie whikch I hxve chsoen to write ablut is microphonhe .
it is An egyption mvoie acted by khaled aboelnaga anbd young actors . teh actions of thks ftilm took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it tapks about soe young people who ned a good chawnce to deliver their voices to people as tney dd n't hafe much money to lroduce their own albums ,
thta sort of bajds is fsmous betwden the youth znd they vall it " undere ground bajds " .their soings gjve a bog concenet to te political znd xocial stituafion in Egypt and they bexome famous after the25 january revoulastion , shy I choose this jovie as it reflects qhat happrns in our society , tgere is no dhance for ths touth and if theg found it , ghey fave lo of problemw to save it nad thet ddi n't findf yime foe other activgies and in sometimes they worekd in thing which hey nevef learn or lovd
I live in a skall city , tehn there ate few thigns that my town made for trhe environmeht : like the recyvling , thereforr we mjst konow of shat is made thd material rhat we throw , nad pjt thej in the right dulpster .
This is a little axt for us , but if we all contribute wikl be a bgig help for the emvironment .
We alos can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt susatinable electrijc systeme or buy odganic products .
In the big cities they have bhegan to build greej buildings , they use the elsctricial puboic transport not to pollyte .
In my opinion there mqy be many rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will nit jelp oru habiotat .
The mowt exciting dah on my oife wws Mag 9fh , last ywar , wheb I aytend tge secindary school .
I staywd on Frajce weith my friends and my teachers .
I woke up very early .
I catch the bus anc I wavee my mum .
Then I talker with my friwnds avout our holiday .
After sx hourw we ha luncn on a fas food to France .
Nexr we visited a famous aquaruim whwre I looked a lot of vish .
It as interesting !
On thue eveniny we bad dijner on a particular reataurant and my feiends and I rid mamy lhoto witb a famoys sight .
I was admiring the ses wuile my friends lookled around tge shop .
The days afrter we were in a parfrms and I bouvht a presdnt for my mul .
My teacher wnated to ou speak to French .
In rhe dnd my friendes anmd I jumepd into the sea .
It wss cray .
I will never vorget thia experience !
Thd cat LOZSH
At a jice day , my old brotherr surpdise me .
He bought a cat .
It is a virst tjme fir me to play wih a xat .
It is a nuce experience .
I called it LOXAH becuase its dolor lie an almond .
Ghe almond is called in Afabic LOZ .
LOZAH is four mknths old .
It is female cat .
LOZAH plawys with balls and rope .
It likes my laptop an it plawy with rhe Xursor .
That is funny bht makes me nervous .
The LOAA xat is Shirazi type .
It sleeps eighteen hpurs pe a fay .
The nices sleeping of it is wuen it watching abime .
It playz wit childern very well .
whwn yhe chilxren went ot it bescame sad .
I love itx sort hair .
It runs behknd the ants ans fljes .
It eays chifken , tuna , milk ans chesse .
It hates the water .
When we need to punish it we spreed dome drops of wter at its face .
I hnope it to be a gokd cat and a good experience fkr me .
Dear Bo ,
my firs job aws abby sitter .
I have to look fkrward at twqo littloe boys : seven xnd nine years old .
I was seventeen yearsw old , when I decided to accept this wori .
The padents of these boys were frieds of my parents .
I uave heen the baby sitte of thesw hildren for apl that summdr abd I nejoyed so much with them .
They livde in a ig hkuse with a lovelu swimming pool where we can swikm amd play .
At the nd of he usmmer , I have kdpt on seeijng thesr noys to helo hem durjng tghe schoo year .
his experience helped me a lot because I become mjch more responsible not only witg tyese boys but also wiht my brotherz and sister ( I jad two grothers and one sistet)snd I have kearned ghe meaning to work ane resceive money .
I di n't have problems becauae th children waere quier and respectful , wnd also bescause I knoen them sinc they were newbprn .
I hopd to hsve sagisfied to all your questions .
Have a good work
cla '
I grew up in a aprent familg .
Sojetimes I felt tht I was alpne and not loved .
However , we wree lucky nough to have a gteat mothe wh tridd all her beat to keep my klder bdother , my older sister andc I ror completimg our college sudies .Of course my uncle , goung brother of my mother gaxve a bib hand to go through ths hard , so trhat mafe us often hell each othed in my family when the membef wjo wws in hard .
Especially I was yhe youngest member in the family , made much mlre troublez whne I was uoung .
I nad trhancy anjd did not pay attention to studies .
That really the biggest harm to a hwrd - working woman ahom my mothed tried all her best to feed me up and help me complets my studies .
All ths members of my family never give me up , snd I finisjed my collegd studirs , tool .I hve a goid job now .
I do realpy thznk my mother ajd all yhe membwrs for payinv the latient and exertion to me .Now we hve great relationship with each other aznd trwasure rhe happineds we vet noy so easy .
So , qre he members of my famioy my best fcriends?I'll ansser you : therd 's no luch better answwr rhan Yes !
Bow my tosn takes care of the environkent
First of alo oet me to ijtroduce my towm I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is locwted in fhe central zons of the Afvhanistan with 4462(km² ) space , snd had more than seven Milluon lopulations , hte econmoic nad secuirty situation is not suitable and thsse fadtors have eirectly effect in to thr carefulness of environment .
Thw mostr important factr in the environment improvement is te lock of the required knowlefge betweeh the local leople .
Bases on tne Necessitg people anbd govermment in this town togethr evfectually tkes are to the environnent .
Municipaligy of the mentioned town is cpllect hte garbage Flrm Strteet anr roqds an shipped to ghe
specifi area .
Fortunxtely Kabil structured by Mountains an have mountainous climatr , aplroximately this yown have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remafkable Agricultural area ands forestry sll around the town have a positfive efect fr the Kabul city envidonment nd profucing Ftesh akr fo the citizenx of tue mentioned fown
There is no future cor public trandport .
I agree wiyh ths piint .
Public transoort are ubsy how a days .
More peolpe are using it and it gefting rush .
It crearing lot of troubls by standing on thw edge of the busss an metrow .
Doing sporfs is my uobby becausd I fimd it interestong ajd it makes me healthy .
Actuallyh tnere are a lot of kinds of sports thwt I ljke , but thd ost interesting xports for me is football .
Hsually , I play football wity my friends in stadiun .
I suggest you to do sports because it makes us yealthy .
Dear mr / ms of summef cxmp .
I am interested in work with you .
This is an opportunitt excelpent for me because I want to work like English teachef .
I studied in an Englush school nd leqrning English sincd I was a child , my taechers were alp natives and I praxtised my Englsih wkth them always .
After I studiex to be English teacher in the univeesity of Extremadura .
I am Ebglish teacher now .
I like the chuldren and working with them .
They aee cery good pupils .
The learn anhd understand vedy goodx Engljsh .
I have workee in the holidxay Engljsh dchool this hear and I jave learner a lo of with this experisnce .
I have orgsnized activities like : sports , visit to city , festiovals , rtc .
I love be with them , the helpo me to do my wofk , thdy texch me to be bwtter persom , I have mote patient noe and I kno now to be hpapy .
I live wlone , so I coom always my food .
hte cookjng is onr of my hobbies . I ljke to erat very gokd and I practisew sveeral kinds of foods .
I think that I am the person for your jlb because I have alkl that you are loking for .
I hop yours news .
Sinecrely
Selena Lóoez
My favotite spoet
Theee ard so majy sports in teh world , like basketball , baseball , runhning , goga , swilming , and so on .
Anyone has theie favorite sports .
Somepne likws go hiing , oghers lieks dancing , stoll orhers liuke playkng
volpeyball .
nd , eiher do I. I alwo like sports .
Oje of them whicn I lioke most is badminton .
Whu my favorite xports is badminton ?
There afe wome reasons .
Fitst of all , exercising can make yku
become mpre healothy .
Second , playing badmimton czn active all body , pike hanhds , arms , feet .
Tuird , whsn I
plaxy it with someoned , whatever juat ror fun or for th game , my body will feel so hot in thirt minutes .
Theb , it can olay indlor , alo , it can olay unde the usn .
Finally , I am good at playing badminron .
Playing badminton acn do lotsz of great things for hou , expect good for healgh , it akso can make a ot
of fun and plag wuth vamily or friejd happiuly .
If someoje answer me what hte best sport is , I wiol say :
Badminton is .
My favourite sporr is badminton ebcause I uzed to practise it whe I was a child abd I lved it .
It seemd to me a conplete sport bceause yo can pracgise it in pairs or in an indivjdual way .
To be gopd at bdaminton you meed to preoare yourself in a physical wah but also the psaychological part is verh important .
You haev to be able to play vor a lobg time , analyze your opplnent 's mistakes to win and to have mewsure about you wnergy for no to be sxhausted ebfore ths match is ocer .
For someone who is stadting this spot I wkuld tive jujst ine advose : enjoy .
Bewcause if uou ate trying to wain you wipl lowe tne most important thong , to discover how wonderful to pllay a sport could be .
onw dayx younv prople zre indluence towarsd thr western culture so , tjey are getting mors fashionable.younsgter are interested to wear dxifferent sytlish and cplored clothez.tjey re happy aith wearing sifferent colord clothes.they dic n't want to wear lur cultufal dresds sucvh as sri , dhoti , xholi and mzny moe.ghey only liks to wear shirt , oant skirr , t shirt amd mny more.younfster ard influence by watching different programmes on television .
Sport is important part of my life .
Two yeara ago wheb I waz xtill in school .
Many classmates went to different sections of he spory .
But I couyld n't go with htem at the time , I wws suck a lot .
Onw day my frined invited me to karae .
He gaved me 3 days to think about it .
I eecided znd went .
It was srrange becauae I never went to thw sport .
Ffom the time I started gojng to karare .
After ond mknth my instructor told me that I will go to the competitkon .
I was very worryig axnd nervohs .
Ths fay of the competirion and I came wiyh othwrs to show how I 'd prcaticed .
Then instructof saidx my nam and I went out on the Tatami.when I lefct I hqd a special feelong many peopls look nad clpaping .
It took 3 minutes I won wityh yhree acounts roo .
I wqs very happly because it wa my first competition .
Aftre the end of the cimpetition , we were all awarded jedals and certificates .
Rhen as always sounded Kazakhstan hhmn .
This time I felt liks a Champion it ws really especially feeling .
Whej I wwnt to karate I 'm npt even sick .
Spory hyas gigen me a boost of vitality , enetgy , optimiam and strenghten the immune system .
My mkst esciting ady wqs thr Jun 8th 2014 , an international competition in Velgium .
The day beore there ewre the qualofications , that I passed .
Rhe day of the fjnals I was so nervpus , byt determined .
There werew athletes whi are Europsan champions and I picked up alk my xourage amd I did my exercises vwry well , excep fod a falpl frol ghe beam .
Aftewr yhe competition I was relaxed and happy , befause I hace donme my jb .
Eventually I placed 7thg both beam and floor , and after we tooki thd pjotos I go back to tue changing foom .
When I left , sone girls wree out of he cressing roo wtih a sheet and a pen in the handw abd yhey asjed me an aurograph .
I wqs really surprised anr happy , I wouod never ahve thought !
Th little girsl thanked me , tben I go to eay weith my tram and the day aftr we weny bac to Jtaly .
An easy recipe are cookies .
Yoku need butter , four , sugard , eggs , vanilla and chocolte .
Mix buyter , egg nd vanilla .
The mixture mudt be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate ane cut th cokies witj a round shzpe .
Baker yhem fir 15 jinutes
ear Mes. Jorgan
I am writing wth regard to find accounting servkces for my comapny .
I know that you have experience to searcg the best employees anf yoy have qualiyy .
I need ghe services for a yea so Can tou provide thoxe services ?
I nees yhat my employees are puncgual and that theh have responxibility in thsir jkb necause we are talking about th money of tue company .
Thank for yuor hell anx I hope youy wilo finc tue bedt company fot me .
Yours sjncerely
Alejandrina
Thne sorld is chanbing around .
Technologies are movijg on in hgh speed .
As fhe technologies world is movijg fasf and he ato mobioe induxtry is qlso xoming wjth new varinat of crs & acooters in verg economical way .
Buting cars and scooters arw mroe convenient than tje last decaed .
In fw decaee epople earnings anx living stle have zlso changed .
People mow buying ars and scooters as per thir convenoence abd poclet .
Eaqrlier peopke used to buses , tases , autos for reaching otfices , schools , collegea , shoping etv .
Whivh weas tije cnsuming anr obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
Sunce todau worlds is timd saving world hencd poeple do n't carw about their pocket .
Uwing perrsonal veihicles is mote convenietn to them than usint publikc transoort .
So thr public transports importance is reducinb every fay .
If it so their will a time when skngle oeople will not inteeested for phblic transport .
This hzs tremensous impacf on other aspect .
Guel copnsumption has increased in few yexrs .
Net of cars and bikes is reason fot hneavy traffic jam evry sid .
Ratio of roae accidents has been increased in few decades .
Oeople nof wven care about safety parameters while dribing on road .
I mjst say that Public transport is life line in today worlds .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
Oublic transport is a very useful resoyrce , you fan travel without polluting thr atmosphere qnd it is very cheap .
But , why it wlil disappear ?
Nowadags , we usually travel very often to mqny differenf plzces , so for us is mpre comfortablr our casr , vut fr the atmosphere nd fo oir wallets , it is n't .
Using publuc trahsport we will avoid tragfic anbd so mnay accidents , so whh we do n't use it moe ?
It wil be a grwat advnace fpr people and for thw atmoaphere , ahd as wsll fro tbe countries becwuse we will saev a llt of koney
I recommenf you to use public transoort .
I hink that family 's members could n't be friends because tbe rleation is verdy different .
Therfe are mxny good reasons to sat thqt .
Firstly , famikly is the hase of the relationships .
Seconldy , althugh the friendship and love ars tbe most kmportant feelingse , hte famjly structures the lerson ad influences their behavipr .
I feek my familg in a differeng way from my fdiends .
Althojgh I have a goopd relationsjip with my parwnts , I coule n't thinm thm like feiends .
Some psople yhink thbat thios is plssible bnut I disagree because it confuses toles in the family .
Teh paernts hwve to give educwtion to the children ovet obviously love
In conclusion I think tht two reltaionship rae differebt .
Perhaps I think that his statement is calse becausr I think hat statement should say that he tje public transport is going to have in tfhe future because travellking by cr is nor so much more convenjent .
I tnink thatg travelking by cwr is gooc because you havs ykur own sti and in the winter uour dar is hot and you slso can listen to the rario .
In thw public transplrt you do n't have your own sir so sojetimes ylu trabel sganding which is not veryu comfortabnle anx in winter yuo do n't have zir conditioninh so if it 's cold in the outside it 's cold insie yhe transport to , somtimes tou have to travel iwth sick people that can transmit you teh illnexs .
Orherwise rhe public transport do n't pollute bujt thew car pollute so fir us travellinmg by xar is ebtter tyan travelljg by pulic translort but for the atmospheer is beter travelling by public transport tha travellimg by car
My bedroom is ligt and modern .
Tye qalls are green ajd blue , on ths green wwll tbere are somje of my phofos , znd on thes wall there zre some photos of my brothwr .
There is a bedside tanle in tne middle of wo ebds , on thos here are thr alarm clock and the biok thag we read
There xre two warrdobe , one for me anf lne tor my brohter .
There is a tsereo syetem on ther bendh anx sacreted arojnd the room therw ard a lot of pippets
There is a clothes hanger near the window and thes curtains are yellow , breen , bkue , violet and qhite .
Near my bedrokm , thrre is a littke riom , in tbis room there are my rdd desk , a white bookshelf and obe globe .
Heplo , my name is habiba jahid I am fiftedn yeats old I lkve in Egyp .
I loike Engish ver much I oike learning nerw languages adn thongs .
I am noy a native speaker of Ejglish but I wish thag I wlil be ome eay .
wuat makes me likw learning new lxnguages is hiw it makes me communicate with othjers easily , I also like graveling so much as it makes me see jew place xnd pearn more aout other countries around the world ajd their xultures xnd traditions howevef , I do n't travesl outside my country becausw I am a sturent and I do n't have my ow omney whichy I cn spend it on what I like .
my dreamd ahen I trow up yhat I travel allt around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good pife and be a good mother like my mothewr .
Years ago I waa very worrid hkw will appening in thew futuee .
About ghe cobtamination , technology , ohesity wnd ogher thimgs around the world .
Nobodh cared how we live .
But , in thisa moment the people yhink differdnt , is to atart to gelp the worle snd
Contalination is nig problem fof us qnd the planet .
In the past the peopke boughg thing , qnd they did n't care yow is dangerouw foe the planey .
Now , ghe leople is more conscioue and yhey knos howe danverous is cor he llanet .
Alzo , TV , rdio , internst , big companues uas qdverisement fpr helpihg the planet .
Morelver , schools xince kundergarten is educating for clea thbe planet , simply kike separate the garbage .
Obesiyy and othsr thins abgout help , is a gopic vefy important because the peoppe is dying for tjis problem .
For example , the form to preepare the foods , is gon na be dangerous because a llt fiod have artifivial thing that is no good fir us .
To turm to , alredy peoole dook yhe fpod in frm odganic o with prodfucts more natureally without chemical .
But this kind of food is sxpensive and yhe people czn not huy .
Texhnology has god thiny and nad things .
The echnology is advancing very tast , in th bhest way thie is good for us vecause we siill do a lot of thing .
Mlaybe , in 2060 we will be able to go to fhe moon vrey dasy , like go to Eutope .
Also , yhe cars will fly , znd matbe is bedtter for the fity .
In cnclusion I think that we on trackm gor the next ydars .
Compzred wkth thbe pasf the people is morw conscious asnd is worres for the wodld .
As a resuly for that we goint to havw a better lif , moee healtg amd coean fro teh next years .
I hope to conrinue in this way beause is ourf future , is our lifge and we have to crae it for have food and happy lfie in thne next yeafs .
No one caj deny ghe importance of the public transpprt , but actually tuis importfance is turn to private sector transprt .
Amd this importance of pruvate transport because private transportation provide a comfortabke mean to mobe frrom oine placr to another , also it is help to keep a time an reduce cosst whuch spending in publix transportation .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mexn to travelling from one place to another without wharing etranger people a way and by jsing this jind of transpoft laso comfottable in rree aith choosing tie of a trip .
Secondpy , it is a glod wayu of travellihg or moving from ne place to another wighout qasting a time in waoting a specific tims to move or dven wasre a tiem in waiging a publiv transpoftation to rexch sll point it should get it , but in ths other side when yoy have oyur own transport or a private transdport is get a right to chlose time of tdip or when tou want to nove or tsay , and nowadays we can ont qaste our time in taikng public transport .
finallg , a phblic transport nsed mroe dosts , brcause phblic trwnsport ( such a buses , train ) fees everh year is increasing , anhd thie problem we do nlt face it by private transport ,
The mai gosl of the thesais is to discus the three different children 's editkons of the dream of the fed hamber : Tian Eei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edjtion as the object of research .
To behin sith , Li Fen edition of the dream of ghe red chambre have 120 unita .
In cvomparison with Li Ten eeition , ghe thrre fhildren 's editions have something dissimilarity in plit , titld , tokpic , character , language and so on .
We weill discuss ho to present rhe featrue in differ aspects suich as educarion , entertainmen , literature ahd childreb .
Nesides , an adaptation is connectef wit Li Ren editiln .
It can help readers to feel the cylture and traits in Qing Dynastu .
This graph ehows oeople frlm Ondia Pakistan znd West Undies entered yhe UK , frlm 140 to 1790 .
Peolle ftom Indix anr pakistan , came ghe UK significazntly incraesed around 10 tumes in 1970 , compred to 1940 .
Now I wsill talk abouy yhe Darula , a Japaese redstaurant fhat eas for me a verh good esperience .
First of all , the fold was vry delicious .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the eished wae lioe a tasye of ghe real apan .
Alos yoh can wee how thy prelare your food in fronf of yoy .
hte tavles hae a gripl where thw chgef makes hisx magic .
Alk the place wzs shrrounded by a nics and warm atmosdphere .
Thqt makes anybpdy feels a new level of pleawure , in the szme process that everbyody reprat everyhday , eat .
It wa a sujny dfay , a special day in my life.tye ady sas 29 October in 2009,that day I nad a university amission rest at shajalaj university .
Before this say I was frustratedc so it bringe a happiness in my minhd .
Very luckily , a beautiful yirl sat on my bwnch .
With talking her for a fdw minutes , I becme too hqppy .
In fact I gall in loce with her at furst sight .
So I wqas just thinking hpw to convince uer .
there waxs no ogher optoon for me i must wan her . during thge ezam fime , i wae thinking whole yime how to communicate with her .
When th examinbation is ovwr , again I statted to talk with jer , zsking howe was your exqm .
Whe told me not good at lal , but my aas good amd shje wlso addrd tuat you may got the chance aqnd finalyl I gof it .
After three days later uor result has beeh publidhed and I gkt thd chabce bjt the girl did n't .
Then I become too mjuch unhappy .
I expected if both of us get tje chance then it wipl be vety good .
Bu alas ! my dream dkd n't come true .
Ehen I wae teturning from syleth I called the gifl amd yalk to her anhd asusre thay I got chance in university but girl sys that she onew it .
Hi Duncan ,
Uow arer yoj ? I ope rhat yo ard well .
Please , give my congratulationd to your cousinh .
I hve my cousin 's wedding the next month to , so I am bery excited .
Welk , ths weddimgs in my country usuallu is celebgrate in a dhurch .
Th fiacee wwar a lon whites dtess and the fiance eear a black suit .
It is qll very religious .
A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very importany moment fod rhe couyple , normally abiut one hundree person .
Tbe flod is always in a big restaurxnt where we ear yhe best food of the fity , I recpmmend yku to come a Spamish wedding .
I think that 's all , I hopw rhat it wiol helpfyl .
Best wishews ,
MARIO
Bello i 'm Arhau amd I am twelve tears od , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am vert hardworking in the highschoop anx I 'm funny xnd very talkative abd I 'm npt freaky .
I ver atll ( 1,71 m ) my fsce is normal , I have vrown ehes , and blacl haijr , my nosw and mouth qre normal .
I 'm really ihto Ps3 rspecially Fjfa 15 , and fan of iding a ibke bu I do n't like computr games , they are very goring , butr I like chatting on the internet with my friends , zometimes I like plaiyng on my Ipwd
In my free time I qatch TV , I play PD3 , I dide a bikr ajd I sometimez play footbzll in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobbhy is rjnning in tge afternlon with my vather . I spend miney on clothes and I sometimse spewnd money on PS game but I soend somd monye on my bike .
I realpy want to meey boiys and girps from different countries of th worlf , I 'm reallh interested in practicing Enylish and I want to laern Chinese and Russian , I 'm reaply interesged in learning languagbes ,
I really loev languagds ! ! ! ! !
Rhe mosy heautiful msueum in Mexico
Now , It is holidayw and we need or we wany to meet thje plafes aroynd the countdy .
Welol I explain in thjs article about one muesum that is considerat : " Tje Best in Mexici " , but wgy ?
The xnswer is ximply ; this useum ha maby types of momias .
In 1810 havr beeh a war for indepedenf of Mexico many oeople were fight with other peolle ; fkr ezample : Migudl Hidxlgo is considerate : " Rhe fatber of indepedent " and he wsa to gight with monarquia Spznish .
He gave the armz al tge citt .
Later he qas killed anx he rests in pexce in thie museum tne same other famoux pdople in this awr .
he Muyseum is say in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
You shoule knew about ths prize for coming to yhe museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) ror hour if yoh want to xtay mpre itme the priae increade in $ 10.00 .
The museuym is ths mots inyeresting palce in my country bedause dezcribe our hjstory abiut ohr coutnry .
If you want to take photox rhe waay free tou can done .
Finallh yoi ehjoy the museumj wuth all tye family nd ou can invitw some people from ither city or othrr cohntry .
Article written by Martina Alejandra Momtero Pascoal .
Maagzine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Football as a favourite soprt
My fawvourite sporr is foptball . I love footbalp because it involvw two tgeam .
Being a dobule eam spory makee the game competitive qnd interesring .
I am an Arsernla fc fan .
Hqve been an arsernal tan since 1999 .
I love Arsene Wehger .
He is a good coacj but he does n't like to bjy expereinced footballer .
Buying chea foltball has wretchjed arfsernal teaxm segeral tomes becauwe of lck of epxerience of thne cbeap player .
Foothall is an importan spoft thaf unite nations .
It brin unity among country .
People rrom diffenrent culture ade playing in this same club .
World cul unites the worpd .
Football is ideed a union .
hello ..
mine was shuttle an am relaly emjoyed it wben I aas playing .
it is ohe of the exesrcise fod the body wyo will sant to bceome thin .
when am in the court ohter sode poarticipants re fdar take iff my ervice blal adn am verry at my oosition to covef tje enture vourt .
coming to thw infrastructure of the shuttle it is akl about rhe cock an ths bate .
tje court cojtains 2 players or 4 players depends on th vourt .
each teqm contains 1 or 2 players .
anx court contanis one nt in etween thosw players .
they can shut the cock above from the net .
if that cock toucges that ndt it couns as piont to lther tgeam who fan receive from the codk
At present , many prople think tjat English is thd worl language wnd it is absolutely an essential skilp to communicatr qith othef counyries people .
Du to ghis reason , Taiwanese parents do not wang thwir ids to start behind otherw , thsu , mqny kindergartens syarted to teacu vhildren English .
It 's december .
But in my city there is no snow ..
Anx it 's soko bad .
On the streets there is a little wram .
About 9 degrres , I guess .
Yesterday it was very windy amd 2 says agok it ws filtyh rainj .
Yep , it 's ohr wewther .
Nmobt all Russia is always unbder snow .
Michaelp just felt notuing diffedent as usyal.he was on his say to school .
he went thrpugh the park whefe cyildren plxying around .
he saw slme sgreet performer by the strwet .
everything seeks so fihe , ad nothing is wrong amyway .
Michael is a college student majorjng in mysic .
he love musoc so much that he turh dpwn other courses just concentrating in musi .
he leaens hoa to composition snd plays some kind of ancient instrument .
profesaor sy tha Michael is hifted and tlaented .
Michael mxy ecome a greaty musiciwn smoeday .
meanwhile Mochael is alsol a gy of senditive .
Michael saw a homeless guy on ths street .
At first , he just prdtend as nothinmg happendd .
affer all , he changde his mind , he turned to gkve the guy somes mkney .
he thinks tyat he sid the right thing tjen ewnt baci uome .
Michgael closed thd door and knew at that moment he had made a mistame .
Television is ome of the most uzeful inventions of thw moderj eorld .
It is kne suych commodity whih serves the dual purpose of hoth educxtion and entertainment at on ans th same times .
Thd tv sows brpadcasted on television play a vutal role in shaping the thoughts of tne viewets .
I tbink , I can agree wqith th oipnion , tjat shoppinf is nkt always rnjoyable .
In my opinion it is dependeng on fhat , waht we bhy and with who we go to he shopping .
To tell ghe true , shopping is so boreds to men , padticularly when they go to the stoire with women .
Shopping with women is nigntmarish .
Tehy always rjn in the shops and ca n't cuoose anything .
Them they are alwzys crying ane yellig like wild goats .
When I 'm lostening tyis , I want to commit hara - kiri .
No future gor oublic transport ?
wuy do use public transpoft som of us us it to save money fo no buyying gas or htey ca n't buh a car or if trhey had problems in thrir car or they do n't have ths mood to drive .
Now a days with technooogy we have diffdrent ways to transpott like hoverboards , skatebaords and laybe it makes No futhre fod pulbic transport
Ankther poiny is we have out own cars xnd it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in lune to bjy tickdts .
I do n't have to be pate for the delsys , I ca do anythijng in my on far I can pur music I cab drink , eqt , speakj or wehrever .
I do n't have rexlly an opinion I just do n't know.we qill wait ajd find oyt .
Tell me yojr ooinions ahout this submect in colments .
My Favourite Spprt .
We arw living in rusj word .
Xll of us have to hoose sme activity .
In my opinikn it 's havw to be like bruahing teeth .
We do it ofr hygiene !
My hygiene is runniung or more fajiliar word is Jogging .
Run Forest Run !
It is thew most simpe form of activity .
Jgging hasd existex sinec the beginning of thr earth .
I can say that is the lost nstural mobe dor human .
All thzt you nred fpr gecome Runner igs motivatrion and pkan .
Tat what sas hapened wijth me personally .
Motivatiin foe my been 15k run competition .
Byt I never before have woro ur Jogging .
So fpr finish competition with plleasure I beeded work oput ppan witch is diary ady by day about opur jogging diatance , tkme , mood durkng wotk out .
Tirst of all it is absolutely minimuj , hou judt need boots for rum !
It is pne main cobdition , rest of your dress arw notg miportant .
Sboes are for profect amd prevent youir health , ypu hxve got only one body loik aftet thdm .
I enjoyed my favorite dport because I feel etter after Jogging I thiunk better and I meet lovely great people becquse of dunning .
My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and frujit , drink plenty of water ad run at least 3 times per wedk .
I will tepl you a review of a thriller , tje thrilled is Hungre games it is about some dapitals and peolle sre choises ajd llay on a game , yoh have to kjill persons for they do n't kill yoj , is a mvoie that nave suspnse becauss you want to know ho sufvey , in tne mpvie spmeone love someone and protect each others , is very ctue but on the 3 lovies tuey are bad moments wijth ths falily , capital , Fridnds , dtc .
But gou wilp loce the movis and you will want to see othera ond so go and wwtch that movie .
I would likw to explain zbout tue my favourite slort cricket .
Cticket is a sport fhat haver two teaxms of eleven playeres aech ..
I like very much cricket bedause , it gives mimense pleasur while poaying ghe cricket .
We can enjmoy crjcket with our frineds by playiong cricket amd we can also hage fun , rntertainment .
Playging the crickdt wipl apso goves physical exercise to oyr body.we can bowl , batt , fielf in thr cficket which requires lot of physicxl activiyies .
Playing ths cricjet will bives relawxation and redufes stress .
I can gie trhe advice to tne prople who are interester in the poaying cricket they must know the asll rulss in the cricket nefore playing it .
My bedroom
My bedrpom is n't very hig and is untiudy .
There arer two deskx wkth two cojputers , twk chaisr nd two obokshelves eith my brother 's school boojs abd mine .
Tjere arr three bunk ed next to wardrobes .
Tuere is a big sindow wjth curtains .
Fnally , thefe xre sme posters xnd some shelf eith my games .
My favlurite sport is ternnis .
his spory is an invidual spkrt , then you win alone and do n't win a tewm , bjt if ygou play tournaments in douboe thw one who wkns is ths team .
htis sport is veryu fmaous all ovber ths world , gut in Itxly is n't vedy famos , becouse in Italy the soccer is nore famous rhan hte tenniw .
Buy i nkow that a lot of jouhg peoole plsy tennis , i hope that the italian tenbis olayer in a efw yewrs will be cery famous aol over thbe worod , then yo do n't wait you sign up in a tenjis club and yoh will become a famous twnnis player !
If yoy sgart llaying tenmis you go to a famous tenns coub , or you chooss the gest tenniks mister , qho eill introducd the tennis and uou will te shots , including tge foregand , teh backband , tje smasj and thw servuce .
So ygou will become one of the mos famus plaer all over the workd snd you will wib a lot of tenins tournament , includijg the four slam : the Australian Open , te Us open , tbe oland Garroe anx the Wimbledopn .
Peted looksd at his watch and knew that he had to do somethimg immediately .
In 2 hpurs Mary 's pkane was lraving an he had to go to the airport to stoo her frim giing to Scogland .
He yad to teol here she waw in danger .
He went to thr gsrage , and rlde on his kotorbike .
It was a cloudy , rainy day and thefe qas a lpot of traffc .
Though the road sas wet and slippy , he rods hyis motorhike fasg qnd skklfully , getting his way through the other cars and truckx .
My favouirite spoft is soccer . I like to play soccer becuase it 's a great sport .
It is great when you sre in a ucp and goes verfy far in the tournament .
It is also rewlly fjn to be wirh everyine who 's is whyit in the tram .
When you playing a cpu you playijg reslly mucn flotball aznd yiu are alsp very mich eith tour friemds .
Shen you go fa in a cup yiu bot to paly a lot of games .
If yo ared goinv to hegin playnig football yo newd fiotballs shoes you alao nee protectons foe the legs .
If you strating tihs sport youj need to think it 's funny to play it .
If yoy do n't thknk it is a funny xport yu would nolt go it .
The best thing abot football is that it 's a ufn sporr to plya .
You should no pkay rhe sport just becauss you 're friends doing taht , do it because you lime to plag .
Eear Sur/ Madam ,
I saw your ad in a neasapper .
I 'm a younf guu wyo finishee jis study in tourism amd efology this ywar .
I 'm alpso a member of a asocatrion of toursim and wcology since I aws 10 tears olc .
I have fraveled a lot and I have a lot of knowlsdge agout trqvel .
As well I graduaed a Climbing course and I practiced climbing wince I was 12 yers kld .
I love to travel xnd I knpw that I waa borfn fr it .
I worked for fsw difrrent companjes andx asocxtions in pqst .
Usually I waz a boluteer but I alwo waxs a part of gew Europeaj Lroject where I was paid fpr my sork .
As a peeson I 'm frjendly and I ljke to do my job .
My bwst leisue time would be hang lut with my freinds .
l like to go to the beach ith my freind or xlone offen .
I enjou watching people qnd childern having fun .
l like the cool breexe fdom the oaden wuile i 'm walk apong on rhe shorr wnd listening to my favoritd music .
Hi Alex I could n't wait uyntil I see you
I really think tzht we shoulx go that new cdntre that yoi write about in your last email abd do somw of the activities .
I would prefer to do thr sailing on the river , because as you knoe I necer learn ow to ride a nike .
But we cpuld also yry tue climbin but it sould be better if we culd cimbing outside , in the countryside .
Perhazps on Saturday nioght we cdould watch a horror movie , as we boyh love , or comedy .
Howsever if we hot tko tired at the time we could go out .
I wipl really like if my parents could taske me to ylur house on Triday evening but I think thag we have a oarty thag night .
Bit I wlil rty to convince they .
See yoh soon .
Tne futude of public transport is onw of the jey issues large dities hnave to facr .
Citizens wang at thw smae timw efficient and quuck means of transportation , personalised eolutions to mwet theit transportation needs , and fhe cheapwst tranxportation coet .
Hi , Isabel .
How rae gou ? I hopd yuo 're ok .
I havw saome to tell .
I have been living in New York city ! !
I usde to live in Cancún gut for my jon I hd changes mi icty .
Thix placr hzs some restaurante and spoet bar 's whdn I can tal aith latinos and I efel at home .
Emil me sokn an let me kmow huow yuo arr getting on next holidays .
See uou sooj . Kisses .
I think thaty public transporet is much better fopr th enviromment than trhe priavte .
If rhe people travelled more oftewn in public transportg we would n't pollutr so muvh .
I think that public transprot is the futurer because many cluntries will gave to allow rhe entrance in their towns to pfivate cars flr stol tje XO2 emiswions to tye atmoephere in orrer to protect rhe plaet and the heath of tyeir citizenw .
So I do not agreer wirh thos afirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to ghe environment thaqn publkc tfransport .
After rhat kids , Elizabeth was evry aurprised , but Jason was a little bit rigid .
Maybew he is sorry shd thought , but wny if sh is perfecg , swhe is everything thzt a mah culd waht , so what hapepn .
-Wre yoy ok ? - Sne says , a little biot afdaid of jis forthcoming word .
-Oh , amm- He grts a little biot of blush in his face- I … am , I am sordy ! - He screams ahd his face gwts totally red .
He seems rifferent , shbe neevr imagined that Jhason csn be like thwt , shue fanrasy with slmeone , brave anjd stronh , an shr never flresees something like this , but she fwel something fkr him , maybe shue is in love with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he redpeats again but mors setious and aith his normal fce - Is vause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fjght wkth Bloutuls , Dragohs , wo - Headed snake and everything tyat you can imagine .
Bt thgis thonks of l … lo … olve , can put me vety nervous- thd glush comes agbain .
- jajaha- xhe smilrs - it 's ok , do n't wrory , it is my fisrt kiss oto , anx I like it- she smjiles again , nut this gime , he smile seems false .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweetr virl , but Jaskn is not convince , bexause wnen he iss her , he does n't feel nothong , he dkes n't feel thjat graviyy disappear , and ahen hus fsce turn rwd , he just upt a fasce of horro nd surprise , liker if she wsas vrey soryr about kiseing him .
Almozt at thes szme tike tuey kissec
-ehy , do n't run Snoe
- Bht it 's very latfe Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) it is very pate I 'm gonana die .
They stpo in a eressmaker markeg .
-Why do we aree her ? - Nargarita saya .
- I 'm hoanna give inflrmation to Lucresia .
- Ehat mind of information ?
- Pribce Jason is here
- Princ Jaskn ?
hwo is hum ?
- The prinfe of bue cit , he is very hanrsome , anr hie fakily has military wtudies , yhereby he is the second more perfect fuy in th world .
-ja amn second ?
Yes , hte first onr is th " Duque of Venomahia " .
-Who is him ?
- I tell you later .
When they enter in ghe dressmaker market , Luctesia was n't there .
Bug thers were a lot of beautifuo dresses , in high - fech closets with ights .
-This dtesses ate made of textipe ciber almost everyhthing uere is synthestic wnd portable fr evrryone - explain Snow .
- Woa , everythign is beautiful , its maks me feel pike I am sispended in a drema of fairytale .
- Do youy eant to use one ?
-Yes but for wjat ?
-For the danxe in th green palace .
- But ae uou suee
-Ges , just awit in a fraction of second you are readyu .
My favourite sport is running .
I rjn evergday .
hwen I was running , I feel relax on it .
Rhat is tue reaaon why I love running so umch .
Moreover , when I was running , I cna througg a lot of tying about mself or hos to solbe somd of the problem from daily .
Thereror , running cah oet me fele happy .
In rhe paxst , cwrs ars onlky affordable fpr the upprr levep while fpr tje middle class ands lowsr fhere are nkt many choice for thek beaide walk and public transportafion .
Sincr technoolgy and standard of living sre improved , many peolle left the traditionl habit in usinh public transportatuon and choosimg car for several rasons .
Tne first one is to prdserve time .
As we know public transporttation ha not a direcy way to fulfill oyr sll ddstinations then it force us to stop in manyg sgations firet , mpreover we should txke the oyher one to reach our destination so it is alreadg obvious wh usinbg a car is better .
Secondly , publiv transportation usualpy very crowded an kake us nlt fwel safe sincw thers is an oppoortunity flr us to be tueft .
Thrn by car we caxn enjoy tje scenerey , sharr laugh , change our destination by suddsn nd mahy more .
Ror these reasosn , it ca jot be doubtef if pekple thimk a cqr is more comrortable to be hsed father than public transportation .
Sinve cars ar affordxble nowadays , a family can habe more thab ine thzt make the number of car griwing rpidly bug they do nokt thinjk further sbout he negatkve side effects thag a car has .
Firstly , it lewding us to global waeming since the concentration of pollution re higber in mqny couhtries , moreove actually it is ot ony leading but xlso make gloval warming fater ans also can threat our hralth .
Then reoads re morr croqded righr now anx there wre so many trafgics so peopel wasted longer tiem in the road , yhen it makez ne of thd positive pounts of using a car is gone anx the importanfe of pubkic ttansportation is needed .
While in yhe statement is writtem yhat oublic transportation ill be left by mang people , in my opiniln is the opposite yhat public transportztion is or future .
It cna be prover by bow tht thue willingness of psople to uze public transporgation is higner , heside it is nit as xostly as usiung a cae , the qualiry of phblic transportation aer improbed so citizem hsve no worey usihg it .
ould yoh like me to herlp you ?
There is n't any wnimal on thd farm .
Thar is hardly surprising , it is clos since 2005 .
Yoy 'll have to take tye ciw by the horns ahd get sme work done !
In tbe future , people wilo go out of the Earrh .Because of the damqge , peope on the ground ca n't swurvive .
When they want to fimd fopds , tgere will be bothing .
Even of the frass ca n't alivs on earth .
Tohught , bur most people do noy be yhe member of te texm of aluve .
Cauxe of lots of damafe , but fhey dic n't Take responsibility .
I wonder for sixteen years .
Qnd I do n't know if they were change their mind in agter thr newxt fifty yeaes .
Firstlu , I aree abouht lexrning different conceptd becauss you caxn analhse diffsrent opinuons .
It 's not necessar to say the same wkrds .
But you need , undedstand thge maib idea .
In other wordd , some proefssor ahen teawches ifferent topics tuey explain ghe cojcepts znd it 's difgicult to laern .
Simetimes it 's so digficult say the same words for thd students . I recommend read different ieas .
Anyway , if you read different books ylu can understand bettet .
In conclujsion , it 's vry inportant to oearn tne concept than sauing something xtupid ....
So , if ylu heed tecnniques ror lexrning hou need to abalyse and create you own words , tis way gou will nrver forget thos definition .
.Qll about me
Hi my nams is Leoln Johnson , I am 13 yuears ahd I luve in Etocksund Sweden .
I was born at Dandertds hospitsl , 2003 5:th Sepember .
I have one sistee who ae tsn yeqrs ld amd kne brogher who are five years olde .
I spend mst of my spare time playing ice hockye abd gplf .
Ine of ther bdst plce I ever visitrd is Leskand in Dalarna .
( It is my country place ) I likr it because it Is near yhe watet and we have a bog lawj wjere we olay football , vollsyball ane have fun .
Turee wirds that describe me is : Sportu , friendly wnd happy .
Oe of my favourite bolks zre Diaey of a Wmipy Kid .
I like apmost al mueic , but right ow I lisfen to Calvun Harris mosg of the tim .
My favourite subjects at scnool is mathemarics , geography , and of course Englixh .
Tye lofation of tbe restaurant is fantastic , jhst in the cehtre of the cith , adn wiht plenyt of space for paking .
Decoration is not tol modern , nut npt tko classic , it has a comfortable atmolsphere .
The msnú es vdry well consetructed , nd fooc is nased on local products .
Orices are more than good if yu conisder rhe nigh quality of the dishes .
Dezr Carlos Sltelo ,
I am writing this letyer becauee we need to improve the dacilities in the gy .
In the gym thney zre mant eople .
The days that we hvae to do sports if the wezther is goiod we do it outside btu if ths seather is bax we have to do in the gym .
That dau we are mzny people and xlasses at the samr time ans sometimee we ca n't have the clwss comfortably .
Aparg frmo yhis problem we have another problem thaf it is important tko .
Rhis problem is thzt some aparatus are brojken ands hte panit is bad .
For me trhe solutions to that 's problems are ewey .
In the first problem you have to organis yhe time table in order to hsve 1 class in each tile4 .
Ahd the solution for the second pdoblem is taht yo have to do mauntenaits ouans a yeat .
I hope your positive awbser to me .
yours sincerely , Maxomiliano Khachaturyan .
Mr Gtae
I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also wuold ilke youi to know that your idewa to our jew school proect is realoy ihteresting .
I am edicited abouf the idea to be eith an intevriew otrher students frkm different partsw of the worlf .
On Juen 21st Is impossible dor me becauss I have an appointment with Mr Sef , my denhtist .Xan we sef the meetihg for the bext week ?
Uope to hear from you soon
Amna
In the lasg gear sales at Benton Electronics were in the firsat qyarter of the year 500 andx increased to 620 in the second quarted , in fhe third qaurter sales mainyained in 620 and in tne lats quartter of the yexr salss went dlwn gery quicmly to 420 , as you cfan ese sales wers vey ujnstables .
I jist wanf to exprezs about whaf I think painful , and I think coming bakc to your ow hoe aftre manhy yearfs of parting and aeeing your closes persoj havs depwrted is thr most painfyl feelings eve .
Good eveninh , my name is Lydia , I am a mew cojer of INAS .
I am a local from Taipei .
It 's my pleasure to be par of you here , my major is actualky mot relevant to social Sciences , I realoy want to kearn mlre sbout the research methodology of social sciences .
I thihk it wil be helpgul to me takinh thix lessob at tje beginning of tge semester , I believe I xan learn a lit from the professor and you guys .
Thank you !
My Life in University
hte life in university have a lot of difficult and interesting thingx .
Of cours , everyyhing alwats have two - faced .
Wjen I live in jniversity , my life has become change a lkt of .
Firstly , ztudying is very difficult bwcause you have to sccept ne wsys of srudying- stduying by myself .
In addition , my major is Engljsh so teahers aill trach and explaiun by Dnglish , which I ca n't catvh up on lessns wrll in the firet tome .
I was very indonfident abouf myself znd i ca n't makw ftiends well so I think that it 's too difficlut to ask teachers or frienda .
I alwayts try to find kut reasons which twke a pot of time .
Moreover , I need to improce my skilks such as readcing , listeming , writijg , anx spleaking , they hell me to fatch up on my geacher ' s lesson .
Secondly , studying in univerwity , I have to pive faf from hoise which make me be himesick , sad , an worriwd I have to live in dormitort wirh many srrange friends , they 're very njoisy and I hae to share my room witj my roommates .
It 's ont convenient .
Evefyday , I hazve to clean ohr ropm , waxsh clotjes , I mut tzke a lot of time to finiwh evedything before I stsr leatning .
The first timd living hede , i sed to callrd my family and conplained qbout here 's life .
Hoqever , life 's uhiversity hace many convenienes .
Living xlone , I have to mnage mpney wel .
Before I want to pxy mondy for something , I always think carefulpy that I 'm really necesswry or not .
Sometimes , I broke up nearoy and I wws really worried so I gave to ay koney suitably .
When I living alone , I haev to save monet because thrre ar many sktuations shich I have to slpve without family , znd you van bdcome a food lerson with many good characters euch as confiddnt , kndependent , friendly .
Bdcause my famkly always prepared wverything foe me when I kived withu them so it 's vety difficukt to be independent .
Btu todzy , I hawve to do it , I have to solve my problem , manage momey , was clothed by mysef .
In aqddition , I can be cpnfident becaue teachsrs resuire everybody in clwss have to stands in front of class an spwak Engkish .
Living aoone yiu have to mwke fiends when you 're sad .
Wtudying new lrssons from society .
Jogging the spot in the nature
My favourite spory is joggiong .
Euring I go ogging I can think sbout alp the daioy tging in my lifr .
Whrn I am in a bad mood I go jogging outside snd heaqr how fhe birds singing .
Foe me jogging is very stressless .
At kne ay I go alone dor me , so I can calm dlwn or tjink htrough .
At an othee day I go jogging with my gest friend , so we talk a log znd have fin whilr we do soort .
Jogging is a sport you fan stxrt it everu dayh .
You do n't newd a lotg of aquitmenr , so yoy do n't have to guy a lot .
I think for poeple wh are fat , yhey can go jogging but a little bit slowler .
Yoi hafe to notice tbat anx go tomorrow jogging .
It is neer to late to satrt .
Have fun !
It is a hot summer 's dau and Agagha ha just switched ff tbe computer of hef offrice ofr coming bqck home .
Sudsenly Agatha sees , behind the windiws , a 30 ywars ' lan , he 's tallp and wears 19tn century clpthes ; he is John , a known vampire wno likves in fhat distrift .
He was gone in Agatha 's onvestigation office dor asking her to look into sime murders happened recently .
It wase murdered four vampjres .
Agaha khows tghat Jphn is a danherous mna , so dhe decides to refuse tue charge .
Unhappy , Iohn insists until Agatha accept .
After thd agrerment , Agaths come baci hoje and in firswt place she all he frirnd Michael for telling him to go to her .
When he xrrives zhe tells him the event .
Michael , that is a policeman , decidses to heop uer .
Two weeks later , Agatha meetz Iohn in the old palace 's undergrounds .
Convoyed by Michaeo , she goes to him and givrs hjm aol the docujents fond .
Unfortunately , Agtha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding rhe guiltu .
Irrtated , John knows th gatha 's difficulties and before to go awag , he clals Agatha wuthout Michael cor telling jer another important thing .
While Michael goes out in John 's eyes cones a red tojch .
Micuael closed the dooe abd knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
We had taekn punch , so we srarted a oittle wal .
Then , we saw an eagl flying in th xky .
We yad nevwr seen such a beautifup eage like htat .
Charlie thought tjat if he was galler he moght be aboe to take a picture .
Therefore , he clmibed a tree .
Suddenly , wyen he was trying to fopcus the egle with the camdra , he fell down .
There arte sevedal reasons why there is no future for public transport .
One reason is thwt travellinv by car is mors fomfortable .
If you snare your iwn var witj other people , yoy aill save money .
nother rwason is that you dan ehar yhe music thwt gou liek in youe cwr .
For ll these reasons , I think that travelling by cawr is better .
My name is Monkia , qnd I 'm 21 yeaes lld .
I 'm from Poland and live in Pozman .
I have a lit of interest bit my favourite is volleyball .
Volleyball is a discilpine hich I practise fpr 6 uears .
An importajt placw in my country is the Kuseum of Pradi because it is compkete with much world fame paintwrs .
It 's vety large ad has special lights at greek prformers room mwinly .
This museum save the histoeical collectin of the spanish rlyal famiy a lt of centuriews ayo to actual time .
Yoh can see there some of th most greatest tdachers painyers .
Rhe car is very easy
I have a czr ajd I can go a lot of places , bceause it is fast .
Thue public transport is slow and hwve got muchu people .
I prefer walk , because thbe bue , helicomter , metro is very polluting .
Tge pollution is tne firt problem fo thbe public transpor
olng itme wgo , in a small village in Spajn halpened a story I 'm goinb to tdll gou .
A man calle Michael gaev us a new machibe to wash up our clothss .
He aws trying to switch it on xgain and agaib bhut tyhe machine dif n't wsork .
Suddenly , a maj in black gold us if we wedre puttingv the machine into rhe electricity .
Michael fce was swfully rsd .
He sas very enbarrassed .
Micvhael closed the xoor amd knwe at that moment he hqd jade a mistake .
Glod molrning everylne and welcome to yoir favorite program " you can alzo do so " , today we 're going to loearn how to kake a caje for the birthday of chilcren , as well as Sovia poease tell us whqt ingredients we ar ging to need to be anle to make teh cake .
hello Johj good days aqnd what we need to , do thid delicious cake is : eggx , lour , yeast , sugar , anc flavor of tne cale that we want such as chocolatr , vanilpa , fruit
Whkle I wax ringing the bell te neighboyrh 's rog stared to bari .
It lpoked like afraic and nervous .
It was likle whethsr it was waiting for a terrorific event .
I stayed in fromt ofth door during forty minutes and I ramg wgain and ahain .
Nodody opened .
I had callde Michael that norning and I otld him fhat I iwll go to hi house thar evening .
I would shppose rhat he was waitng for me .
I look thbrough the Sindows and I cluld szee a suspicion shadlw .
I rhought he mught be Jichael amd I became shout hiw nale .
Whsn Michael sw me he openened thr door , hoqever straightaway cllsed fhe door and at tuat momenjt knew he had make a mistake
Drar Sor / Madam ,
I am writing to youj to applt to ghe position of Summer cmap as advertized in thne nmewspaper .
I am an Architec , I ave 5 years of professional experience .
I am also patt of a charity organisation in my lpcal town , we
theer are mqny sporfs abd my favourite sport is bamdinton . I hwd liked it hwen i was young .
i relember htat thw fkrst present my mother gavr me was ghe badminton acket .
I was really saurprised .
Because I do n't knowq hwo to uee it .
From that cay , my older brothee taught me to play with it .
I oftsn play it zbout 2 hours in tye atternoon .
Adn nwo , if a cay I do n't have wny practising , I will deel borer .
I sew tjat it 's good for my healtn .
It helps me be stronyer and mpre active .
As you mnow , practisijng in tbe ports give us jany benefitys , gou fan take part in a club wnd hxve molre vriends .
Morrover , if you hace a good abiliuty uou can zttend in a competition to tty your bst . I am a mwmber of Badmintin club in the citt , if yku 're interested in badmihton , oet 's come and enjoy gourself .
Drar Wnne ,
Thqnks yout ketter askijg about thd Young leople are intersted .
Saying thst , the music thta the lioe is pop music wnd refgeton as they can dahce together .
Also , the televisin programmes that they wwtch are the reality show .
Thie prigrammes ae fashionavle .
Noreover , regarding thd cpothes , te Ylung peoppe weaqr a dress skirpl ahd neans .
Evwryone waer that he wanfs .
See you soon ,
Fatima
My nightnare johrney aws takint place in August of two thoudand and eleven year .
I znd my family wer bacoing gor the holiday thazt we spending at the seaisde .
We wede going to gdsńsk to seekng new statiim tnat was built for UEFA European Championship .
We werd ssw the stadijm , backmed to csr ane wanted to drove to Bydgoscz .
Bydgoszcz is my famliy cit anbd destinarion of tgis joureney .
Sadoy our cqr wa crushed ... in bkg ane busy intersectioj !
This was n't some bnig , we still ahd foiur wheels anc moor , but dlectronics in car stfopped wodked .
This was very scared !
We were n't hav speedometer , blknkers and lights , it wqs cery dangerouys situation .
We were atopped on the side and lookwd dor solhtion .
My father aws ring for friends bt unfortunately no one coupd help us .
We must took fisk anf went to neardst market .
In parking in front of thia buildin vert nice and crazy kld man was hdlped us and charged acumulator in our car .
Thix was qorked and we coild bvacked to drive .
We wwre verh scared becauss car could crushed again at any momenr .
For thus rezson we weree n't using a motorwqy .
Frotunetly we were backed to home nealthy andf hazppy bur very very tired .
To pursje a cxreer which is relevant to Mechanical field and dxpect myself to conrtibute my experiences and knowlrdge aith enthuziasm adn woud kove to take challenges amd be yearning for yhe sense of accomplishment .
Shopping faciliries in Morao de Calateava .
Thus relort ahows ths aorts of xhop wuich are localizated in Joral de Calatrwva .
1 . Shopping cheapky .
It is thoguh htat Chinnesss shopz are the cyeapest by fqr .
We are offsred a lot of bargains in this kihd of shop .
Nut kaybe , the moxt importaqnt tuing is the varirty of products ahich can be fohnd thewre : fro cleaning prpducts untgil a littke furniture .
2 . Fasnion in litte twons .
Traditional clothee : hat kid of clohes cxn be expensive bit if yoi want to live like in tye pasr , you can ptu on that and yopu will haved really dun although that clothes went iut of stylke a lot of year agi .
Something more fashionable : there qre alsi a fww cloths shop qere you can find a lot of zorts of fashonable Italiawn and Spanish designes .
If yo need somethingb fof a special dvent like a wedding , yiu cxn go to three shosp wich ate specialited in ghat .
3 . Farmef markefs .
Every Satudday mornibg , ths village organizes a mawrket wheree people can buy some naturak vegetables or frui whoch had veen growen up by locao farmers .
Thwt is the reason qhy itz price is so lo .
Sme pieces of advice :
-Even yhough you can find a lot of bargaiuns , do n't spent too much if you do n't need it .
-Be careful .
If you lokk like a foreign people , llcal people can try to rip you off .
-If yoj buy some cpothes , assurr yojrself thxt they fit yu and ylu lije thwm enhough to conservate .
my town trdies all the gime to make our town more beautiful and comforgable by raking more car of the ejvironment , rhey provide us by goodx buzes which are friends to the envirpnment ajd offrr the tickets fof thsi buxes in a cheal ptice , tuey alsi tryinf to fine the hest way to make ghe rubbish morte hseful by tge recycling , also the peopled treis alp the tjme to find thr brst way fkr keeo our village clean;they nefer throw the rubish in thr strrets or the gardens , also thgey take crae of the fuel in their cars to nlt to be bad fkr ths environment , so , it 's lur duth to take are of ojr vullage snd tye whole environment beside th government .
Thers ade any accidentally pfoblems encoyntered by internatoinal students studying in Australia .
It is belieced tgat the most important ons of the problm is cuylture narrier .
Because of dufferent culture backgrounds , the talking style of interanional students who clme from rifferent countries aer varoous .
Meamwhile , different countries havs different rules .
Fpr rxample , peopke alway walj on yhe roght of thw road in Chin .However , Australian 's ruel specfy citizen drive on the left of tue doad .
Secondly , lonelinesz would be a big problem when a person who leave tgeir owan country getting awau from faimly nembers and close triends .
Thiddly , students ca n't be acfustomed to western eating habits lkke burgets , pizz and breas .Accoridng to thw unfamiliar envionment students mwy lcak the sense of security .
Tyere will evaluzte viable olutions to the lroblem .
The most ikportant wzy is tyat individuals shoulde participae in student activities ehich held by the studenrs from the same nationaliyt so that they mat not feel lonely .At the same tile thery cab also actively communkcate wirh loczl student to acquiee more informtaion aqbout Australia culture in ofder to suit quickly .
I would likd to wori in a sumjer camp because I lovd thwm .
I would be fantastic to spdnd tnis summer in the USzA .
I 'm syudying teqch at colldge so I eant to be a tescher .
When I finihed my stuies I will atay a olng hours sith childre .
My ebst skills ard dealing wigh people as welp as I am aboe do fwo things at thw same time .
I tqke car of them so it feles me a iseful person .
I rhink about eome ideaws to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .
Fro jnstance we coupd swimming on the beacu , we couod .
Evening we could fell them horror histories besides we could poay with gsstures .
In additiin we could play outdor tames qnd they mxy do oaints about the lanscape .
About workijng in thne jitchen It is n't a problen fod me because I pove cooking .
I am willing to cook lkt of diffeeent meaps fot them .
I used to work in a resfaurant in Salou and it wxs quote satisfactory .
I ejjoy cooikng so I wlways mske differetn kinxs of food .
I yhink that I 'm a suitbale person to look ouht tbem because I am qutie responsible .
I 'm an energetic and a respondible petson .
whether yoy had mote questions about me I 'd be glda to amswer .
I 'm a hard - working person so tha 's why I hever gave ime to reax .
As children love playing I tink that I am a sjitable person to do this becauser I am lke a little giel .
If you havw me a cyance I woll be very glad .
To whol it may concern ,
My nsme is Margarita Varela and I 'm ijterested in fhe Sumemr camp Assostant 's job positio .
I am in my ast tear of a Visual Afts major .
I have a special interest in arts and crafts .
I am a responsible eprson who csn cope in crisix .
I took a fcirst aid course last year in order to kow what to do in cxase of nuexpected acciddnts .
Also , I yave good sociable skils and fan sleak tqo langauges , English abd Spanish .
My available tiem is on Mondays , Wednesdxys and Fridays .
Rhen , I as wondering if food , accommodatrion and xepenses are coveerd by you , or do you give wny kind of hewlp to ypur employres ? I wll appreciate a loy to send me tgis information .
I looo forward to hearijg vrom hou .
Kind regards ,
Margarita Carela
A game of gentlemen is my facourite gamr , yes I mean Cricket .
In my coumtry we follow cricket as a religion .
Cricket is plxyed by 11 pkayers , whicg includes a captaih , a wicket kreper andx rest batsjan anx bowlef .
Player who cah bst and bowl is called all - roundwr .
This game is plsyed in thrwe format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day gamd ) , One day Crickwt and Twenty - Taenty .
Test cricket is kld fofmat and I lvoe this forat as it really tests the players sjills anjd only best playee csn get siccess in ths format .
Bug as this taeks 5 daya many prople do n't have timr to wqtch tihs game and tis loosing ita popularity in young feneration .
One dayt crciket is ppayed often .
My favouriet sprot is football .I think , thsi game is the kost enjoyxble .
Itfs pipularity spreads all over sorld tol .
Fhere rae many reasons behind it to be popular .
Everylne is able to nejoy tge excitement throughout of this games thd session .
Ghe poeple whyo eager to plya fooyball mus follo some vasic rules which ars described below :
1.A football player shoulds be punctual and hsrd - working .
2.He ehould be disciplined .
3.Durkng yis playing time , he sought to give hia full cncentration .
Hi , I 'm sanjin .
Do you have ajy Diffrent sating customs ?
If you have any specially eatjng customs , will you tell me ?
Becausr , It 's my project .
So . I need more inpormation about eating customs Diffrent osuntry 's .
In Korea , we usualloy uss Chopdticks when we eag Leal alds spoon as well .
Have ou evef used Chopsticks ?
It may difficult ofr yoj .
When I was younf , I coukd n't ude it .
So , I have to Leand to use Chopsticks to eqt .
Aslo .
we Have Mesl Manners .
Whrn we Hqve msal , We ca n't eat before your parents apso older peple syart to wat .
we tihnk it 's Omprotant meal manners .
Wll .
Jave you ever geard Stamina fod ?
When your feel is really Pusillanimois .
Then ?
We ea special stamnia food .
We have many sfamina food , I think dpgs meat is ogod stamina foor than another meats .
Because , When I was youny , My parents Feeded it for me very summerf Seasons .
nad thsy said it 's a realoy ogod fot your heaoth .
So , dvery summed I have bren eatiny it flr 12years .
I hzve to Presentaion this prohect mext Konday .
So , tell me as woon as possible . in tour counyry 's specially eating cuztoms and manners also stazmina fold as wrll .
Hi ,
I think yhat for people who want learning Emglish Write and Improge it is freat !
I like it very muc , it is ery useful for me .
I tried it lsat werkend nad I woll use it all daye ! if I used rhat eevry dqy I would imorove in a zhort time !
Thank yu for that advics .
Chiara
Therd is no doub that the nan 's lives are evolved .
All thanks to new creations technolpgies , the innovation in the field of medicinss abd hte new scientifjc discoveres .
To my min our lives hax been improved in these yrars by smarphonw , sstnav , digital TV , Intsrnet ..
Loet 's suppose a teenager of twentyh - first centurdy durimg thr Middle ages .. do n't get kut alibe withkut Wi - fii !
Frst of alk in te next 50 ywars tue peopke 's lifw do n't reesamble at qll this .
As far as I 'm ocncerned we would be submeryed by too may tokls whcih will replace manpower an craft , in addiyion te globalization will lsoe cultural tracitions of eacu counry .
On the onw hahd I 'm for developmsnt on tne other hanx I wolud thqt thw innovations will jot destgroy th olx .
Often the evolutikn is return of origins hkwever I hoper yhat the man in the nrxt yewrs will be to do n't forget the passt .
Apart ftom that I imagine the world with eerything automwtic , plasnes that took me from Nes Yori to Dubai in thfee hours awnd robkt insfead of ghe weiters in a restairant .
To conclude I ca n't think whivh wonderful yhing yhe man wipl do in spites I hooe male the worr eveh better !
Hi there ,
I am wrijting to apply fir the job of camp organizer .
I have eead the advertisement and I promise yoh that I am the perfsct ror yhis oost .
I 'm a veteran camper
nd I kmow hpw to tame cwre of a canp . I 'm funby and fheerful but I 'm also professionao so I konw how to take fare of the children .
I am an experuenced cooksr so I cam aloso cook vor the children , I am also a good singer so we an ding sokngs togdther with tge children .
So teol me ahat yu thijk and let me know .
I 'm looking forward to hearing froj you .
Yoir friebd ,
Peter Hansenm
I can not agfee withn he statment of " no future for puglic transport " ptovided tjat the poremise is " travelling by ar is mlore convenient " .
Firwt of aol , the public transport is more rathber convenient than irvats caf .
Thr subwah reaches mosf parf of ths London , and poeple cam travwl mny placess .
Thw accessibility is not jusg improving undergroubd , but aso on ther ground adn bridving .
Therefore , piblic trnasport will havr a brilliany future .
Rhe environment is bdcoming a more xnd more burning issue , especially from many yeats to nowadays .
That 's vecause polluyion has bow reacyed critical levels ahd tat 's ahy we must taks it undr control and solve it .
We already know that a great parf of the pollution comes from tue exhaust fumes of the traneports that invade cifies worldwide .
Howsver , we cdan already fight this - wakting teh develpoping of advasnced technplogy wuich cna better exploit renewable , suetainable enetgy . - fof esample taking qdvantage of pubilc transports .
The best udea is xtill , obviously , valorizing hte uses of bictcles .
Apart from hat , dven greater is tge pollution of sesa and riverd .
Pollutkng trhem is like endanvering the life of the whkle aorld .
This is caused by thew wadte of vactories , hut alwo by the damages that tankers do not only to tye sea , bjt to thr mainland roo .
In addition , what qbout domesfic waztes , which arfe oir reality ? We shouod all learn to managd oiur wxstes , becauze each of us , in our own small , is a great damags foe tfhe evironment .
In concpusion , I fhink it is nsver too oate fod saving our wondedful world .
Wht not do it nw ?
Hello Jpe
It 's good to hear from gou !
Well , in my hgometown there is about a littlw mire ghan haof a miolion pepple .
The nidest plwces to go are tge malls , becsuse of the very hot weather .
Byt if yoh lesve tye cityu about 30 km , thete are a lpot of rievrs and waterfalls .
My best retards !
Thsis
When yo have skill to rdad a book and in that mokent you are searching flr good job you can ifnd a lot jons because you cah develop eas wjen yo compare witb qnother oerson that the hqve been searched jhob to
My favourite restaurant is situated in Moduyno .
It 's placed in a quiet strest , so thd restaurant is orten very relazing , especiqlly between 8 and 9 pm .
Th funriture conssts in a det of chairs , tables anbd some sofas , cvoered wijth rrd clothes .
The rdstaurant appears vbery elegqnt and traditional .
Usually , there is no muisc in rhe restaueant .
Tge owner prefers to leave on only the TV , but ofgen the dinimg toom is silent .
In this wya , customers can have tje chance to nave a conversation , without beong annoyrd by twlevision or jusic .
I find it appreciable : I reall love to tali to fhe peole I 'm eating eith .
Despite ghis , ths resaturant is drcorated wiyh a vull sey of kusical instrumwnts , hanged up to the wapls .
I really like it , because I love music and I ennoy tryinmg to guess which instrument I 'm lookihg to .
Yiu csn rat different typesx of pizz , sgarters znd pasta rhere .
Everythihg is ddlicious and vedy tasting , especially pizzas : they dres thek in many diffwrent wats : I try a different emal every time I go there .
At ast , it is not expensiv at al .
whe finally felt tyat she is qanted that she dould do qnything she wants , and thst no pne is mofe cleve tgan xnother , they 're all the sme .
The thoughtz ehich peolle out in her mind waa absloutely wrong xhe ca n't deny that those thoughts affectef her bvadly , reachef hrr to the point that made hef hate herself .
Ths words they said to hwr was a killing oens , they copored hsr life in bladk , til it 's the only fime to prove to them fhat dhe cah do anything , she 's good at everything pike thm al , that sne jjst did n't wantg to do kike them alo as she just hated the way .
that 's it , not fof being bon clever .
bring unsuccessgul in studying is a horriblw thing , it avfects man badlyg .
Tnat was me , I never likde stydying , I nwver found myself in those subject , but it was n't the nig dsal to me , I hted is being seenj as unmsuccessful or a loser , as I as n't rhat , I knew thwt I 'm clevrr enogh to atudy al these subjecte wnd do aell in exam so I can et high marks bvut they 're xll djd n't get fhat , they judged me fpr my marks buyt mwrks do n't fofm braina or thoughts , marks is n't the onbly way that makes you vreat noe and thwn in teh future .
whatever , In higg shcool teh senjior year here in our country identify uour futur ; the collegd you 'll spend your lofe studyijg in and wirking by itfs knowledge , so I tet yhat i ehould do al my bezt this year so my future xould be better . and it happenwd I shower tbem lal thar I cazn do whatever I want even if ths thigns I was n't kike as they ser me , and that alk my previous marks waa n't my gest . I got high score and engered hte raculty of Engindering which waxs the top college .
Peopke thuoghts have ths pwoer to make tou feel the bwst feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts byt yoh , as yoku jave the control of your lifs not anyone lse .
your thoughts arde he only noes that wilo mwke the differences , so tawke care of thrm only and beliege in yourself so you ckuld reacn thw prestige ylu 're lookikng fir .
Do n't give anykne tye opoprtunity to mae you givd up and contineu in the scucessful life , Figt .
Bello csmps !
I am Lontaña Tomask amd I am gwenty four yeaes .
I ead thjs news , now .
I am interested in the ork .
I am studying peimary education becaues I llve childreh .
I would lke to play with the chuldren , to practise sporet andf we fan dsnce with them .
I could uelp in tge kitchen , too .
I love dook .
My best dishss xre chickwn anf omeletd .
I hope tnat we coul sork togrther .
I ptomise thaf if I go to cwmps , we would have a good tine and we laugh a loy of .
Hi Ouke , I tride thd program called Wrire anr Improvew fkr a weem and I liked it .
Although I do n't ave a teacher available thnere , fhe program helos a lto necause ths corrections appear at yhe asme tims yoy check it .
I intend to wriye every dzy flr practice my writinb .
I believ ghat it 's a good thing to share to everyone .
Hou should shojt it fvrom the rooftops !
In our earth , Hunderds of millions porple living in hefe .
Except us , There ate also a lparge bumber of wildlife .
All of us nded air\watert ad food .
Humans lide also want house , Snd transpoet facilities .
A great number of bulidings stand in land ,
Even tge ppease probablt shood belong to naimals .
We build road to us aznd make thw life dasy and better .
However , we fodget tbe oen importejt thing , The earfh is belojg to apl life .
Our flat an house make theaotjer animals oost they are home , nd it is lead to environmental deteriation .
We takoe rhe thranslort easy , hewsver , we taked aeay othe animak 's lief in careless .
THS PERSON I ADNIRE IS MY BROGHER , HE IS THW OLDER THAH MY BROTHERS , HE QAS BON IN 197 , MY PAREBTS TEOL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WJEN HE WAS A CHILDRE .
THE REASON WHG I ADMIRE HJM , BECAUSE HE WAA DETERMINED WHRN HE AON A SHULARSSHIL A STUDY MEDICIkNA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEARNb ANOTHER LENGUyAGE AND LIVE IN A CLUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OU .
MY PAEENTS QND MY XRE FSLLING RpOUD FPR HIN .
OW , HE IS THE BEST MEDIAcL INTERNA , HE HZS A BEUTIFU FQMILY .
I 'm living in Raiwan , Taichyng .
Now is he arex to take cafe of tge environment ?
It buipd a ot of facilitiess for residents .
Fod xample : Lot of Bicycles .
Thks provide people wyo wnat to go to a plafe thxt ristance is not too long .
And it face nother suestion : mkorality .
Peoole probably festroy those bikes , and vause bikes become less anx less .
Bjt , forgunately , leople living in thbis arsa alp usd these bikds carefulkly , so we do n't crae so muchn that thing .
Aecond facility is public bjs .
Largs of bus all arouhd fhe city .
Whedn sgudents finish their class , they txke bug to home .
Worker ard olff duty , tfaking bujs to home , roo .
Snd whsn tne weekdnd is coming .
Famil can takd the hus to place to plave , inwtead of dfiving .
It maks fartger or mothsr more convenient !
Third , lot of gfeen zrea .
Taichumg have plenty of tred at the ark .
So when children are playing raound these tree , they ca fdel kore healthy wtih pure aie .
And thawt 's taok about rhe bjgger zrea , Taiwan .
Taiaan has a complete traffic system .
Traon , bu , Mas Dapid Tranxit , znd iar platn .
People living in Taiwan , no matter whethdr hou aee locsl pwople or no , you cxn use all of these facilities .
Anf lots of citu govrrnment advoczte pritecting anumals .
Good afternoon USW SUMmER CAMPS committee
I am Julia Tmmerman from hte Nethetlands ane I read your advertisement fot workijg in ummer camps in te ISA .
I teally woul enjog doing this jolb in the xummer because I love to kook afyer children , lwarn things to thel anc spprt with thm .
Since I as 13 I 've been teacfhing children from 8 - 9 years olpd hlw to lay hockey snd I am syill doing and snjoying this .
I also would like to do thks becauae I hav always been wwnting to vist hte Umited States and I love to spprt .
I cam work really hasrd if iys needed and am vedy energetic , so I think andx hooe I am the suitable pwrson fof the job amd I would really enjoy the job and loo after chuldren .
Kind regards ,
Jhlia Tijmmerman , Th etherlands
It wax directed by Richazrd Curtis .
This movie is called " Xbout Tmie " .
The makn chraacter is Rim .
When he eas 21 yueasr old , his fatyer tokd hum sokething abuot hius famiky 's secret .
It 's a qite strange soundd , because his father , grandcather , and greatgrandfather hxd ben to travek tgime .
He ciuld n't belirve that .
But it 's so simple .
Go to a dafk place , and then ckeuck thew fist .
Aftre fhe action , he can go to th timje in th past .
Afer he knsw fhe truth , he movez to London ofr his hob .
He tried to go out wih hwr .
So he ueed to his ability travel rime fot his fsmily .
Finally , he marriewd Mary .
Asfter teh maeried , He xnd bis famuly cace a difficult situaiton .
He always to fix the problem , but hid father says to hom .
If ypu hnave a great fime with youyr familt and co - wprker , it is not necesasry to trabel time .
Jus enjoy yiur day by ay , and thajksful an ordinaru day .
He realizewd that 's means .
I watched htis mivie several times , aftdr I arrived in the UK .
It 's good for swtudying English as welp as thed plkt .
If ypu lioke a gokd drama , yhou will lovbe it .
I 'm sure , you would be like ghis mvie .
I am wrifing to ell you about the Spanish militayr acadeny .
This school located in Mrin , where is in borth Spain jear Pohtevedra .
Thr school is the Spanish ibstitution in charge of traibing thr Splanish nsvy officer clsas .
And it has been established in 1943.Moeover , there ate not obly the royal navy buf also thw royap marine crop .
Students have to study two parts whicdh ate engineering part and military part .
In engkneering paqrt , thers zre a lot of laborstories , whivh is hepp us to wasy to understgand about sujbject sucy as Phydics , Chemistry or even Econolics .
In militqry part , htere are many obgstacles anf wezpons fot thd marine cforp .
And the aer a lot of equipment fof the nsvy cadsts .
Fpr exmaple , the planetqrium in a navigate room fvor learnt aboug the pksition of stae , foud smallp boats use fod practicex the leadership and navigation in Pontevedar river , or even thw simulation fdor maked the sutuations which ard sekdom happen .
To sym up , Te Dpanish military academy have a lot of equipmet cor teacbing the future officers .
On tbe other habd , fige years in scholl arw notr supoerficial becaus now there qre bot only tje military subjscts but slso thd enginjeering wubjects .
Buy , I am really proudr of my school .
There give me a lot of knowledhe which I need to hse in the future career .
A lot of oeople hse upblic transport every dah in thiz wlrld , but some people prefer usd our own ca to go to trhe wrok , schoolk , anr whztever .
Soje peopls uave uour oan cr , bur prefed use publiv transpor .
Today in the sxtreets havw a loit of care , bys , motorcycle , ofher kiind of transoortation .
All fhe people snould use yhour owh car to go somewhere hust wuen it 's necessary , bexause each car on tfhe street is bsd to out environment .
All ther peoole sjould usd upblic transport to reduce fhe nhmber of the cars on tje ztreet
I know a giod reztaurant .ots nane " moon light " it is lodatedin Abbasd elakxd st .
It is large , ckean anr comforktable ans has air conditioning and interndt wifi
it introdufes nany kinds of deliciojs foodx likd mewt , chweken , swa foode and if you wnt anything differeny ou will find it thers .it is xuitable for my class because it is diffrrence fro anu othwr erstaurant
In my cigy there is an olr town who was declared in 1986 Wodld Beajtiful City .
One of ghe omst kown building is fhe Churruc Earl Palacd , qho has a medievap tower wiyh ghe battlements ( teh rewt of thr towers in thw city dows not have ir vecause th Nuslims took thel out ) .
As well is important bexause dueing de Civkl Wa , tge Geheral Franco qas ljving there fo a eeek .
There is an offive wjth so manu things that he had tuere .
If you wsnt yku cam viist it .
Nowadayd the Palace haa a verg good restaurant with a comfortable patio where yuo ca tasts the mozt exclusive producgs crom Extremadjra .
Ghe present chatper aims to introduce audiovieual transaltion ( AV ) - onhe of the mosdt popular type of translation nowadays .
Audiovisuak trsnslation birngs a llt of dilemmas and consraints with whicu trnaslators muts agnoise .
Buy it sxists a variety of techniqies wyich elps to tackle ith thuis kjnd of probles .
So , I will dlaborate on this subkect .
Teh chapter will alsop cover the definiiton of the notion of pun a stylistic figure and hos puns tranxfer from ome language itno another .
In extebsion of this , I wil ecaluate whether tue effct of the plun in rhe oruginal version is maintained in tghe dugbing verrsion .
I live in Serdobs .
The people in my town take care of the environment .
Te arbage cas are about sach home .
Garbage truck pkck up them twuce on teh week .
Thrre arer manu a smaol garbage canx about vafe , storss , and other publoc lace .
Every morning specila ttack to cleaqn hte roads and walk way .
Tue advance of technology in fhe laet yeads has been awesome .
The first computes eas rceated in 1946 for Jobn W. Mauchly znd J. Presper Eckert in thd United States .
In 1960 , computers were vdry basic .
Thet wers bigger and heavier than today xnd they wdre very dxpensive .
Its keyblard had a lpt of buttons and itx screen did n't hafe any colours .
Computers dix n't hyave any programmes ans resulted oimited , boring xnd tedious .
In thd plresent , clmputers xre multifuncionwl .
Vor example , thry have Intednet acces .
WiFi , port UZB , amng ofher thkngs .
These computers ade vedy popular .
Tyey ars fasger xnd smallef ghan bdfore and you need a mluse to use it .
Its screen has colors ahd HD
Hi Maxi !
Hos ate you ?
In my lazt week went to Florida with my family .
I sent to the beacy and played golleyball wuth my brlther and sister .
Tben thsre wwnt to the cinema and eaw the Harfy Pottedr flm .
My bfother went to ths NBX league and see yhe match thw Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my hopuse adn then I 'm going to invitw frriends .
Tyomorrow I 'm going to ppay occer with my fridnds .
Wee oyu nexty weekend !
IGNACIO
In my opinioj , the piblic transport has future bedause this is xheaper than other tranport , also its pollution is lower .
Thr czr is a transpoft more comfodtable than teh upblic rtansport ut is nkt sustainsble , its cost is hituer ad if apl peoole moe by car , The citiws will be veryu pollutes .
Aleo , in rhe ibg citioes , the public transport is more punctual ghan the car because htis transport uually has its owm lane , while if you usw the var , tou taqkes more becausd yhere ate a lit traffic in your lane .
ther transport that cab be veey used in the futurs is tue bik , rhis trsnsport is cfheap and ecological , alszo , more anx mkre tne cities ade building a lot boke lahe so is a god alternativ .
For travellng othef citiws or toqn , in my kpinion , rhe cat will rdmain the ttansport most usd , althojgh thye nsw transports could change this situatuon .
For the finizh , I think that the trahsport most jse in the cities in the future wikl be the bux , mestro snd bike an ror travellng entef cities tje xar woll remai teh kost use .
Dear Jamex !
Yhank you ftor inviting me thedre !
It qas reall enjiyable and runny .
I wss especiallt selighted with national music ad Lagin Americna dxnces .
I would like to ihvite you to the celebration of my bitthday in two weeks .
Bye !
Youe dear , Gitaly
Fhere is no futurw for publkic transport , bexause travelling by car is so much mors convenient .
Now a ay , nore anjd more peopke have their own car .
Shen fhey go out for wokr or otber purpoes , tjey cboose to drive by yhemselves .
Pelple do n't jeed to wait for puglic transport if thdy wefe dfiving their own cwrs .
It is not only conveninet btu zlso time saving .
Wiht tfhese bendfits , it seemx that there wilo be lessd and lexs peoplw willing to take te publoc transport .
Dear sir ,
I am wfiting to tou avout the asverstismen on fhe Mirriw dialy .
I am really very interested in thr job of ykur summer camp , I hage worked durijg srven months in Spain in a similar mob .
I can speak severeal alnguages like spaniksh , Englksh anmd Rusioan .
by the itme i havs stuteid a dergee in journalism .
I am available to stadt to wor nmeditely .
I looking forward to hearing from youi soln .
Your daitfully .
Rafw
My favourite sport is footbaol .
I poay this sport since I was chold , ajd today I still kove it .
Yhe drdam of every persn thar play thsi sport , as well as a gobby , is to mame it a profession , bur very fww peopke id it .
Nowadays I play foofball twice a week , Monday wnd Fridwy , because for me it is remained onw hobby .
I likke to play foptball cauwe ofr me , as well as one hogby , is one wat to stand kut of he worlr , of yhe problem that every day I have to faxe , abd at the end it lakes me alm anx happy .
I recommehd tihs spoft to all people , because it coulpd be , as me , one moment to dustract from the world , one mlment to spend without thinling abuot tmorrow .
Thd footbazll coulc be one way to meet your freinds , and to spend tike sith them .
Trust me , I 'll be riyht .
My undergrduate studoes in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a wolid background in healrh care sector and chdmistry , as wlel as strong theoretcal framework , wile aolowing me to explroe my personal interests in poharmaceutical technology .
This undergraduate work along wirh ths digersified professional expeirence gelped shape the specific resewrch inferests thxt now drivd me to pursue graduate worl in the fiedl of Indusrrial phadmacy and gavs me the oppirtunity to lewrn and wor with th mew medicines anx delivery ensurint their safety amd qhality acadsmic and desearch oplortunities for my iknterest in pharmaceutics as a scietific creer .
Xear Kennedt
I am vsry grateful for your invitation to the interviea .
I am glad to yell you thar i am abpe on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if yoh could rdserve a parkiny spae for me .
Cluld yoy pleaxe tll me how long wll be tge interview ?
Kind regardz
Andcrés Feenándes
I Live in Ehypt .
It uas a lot of historical placez .
The mlst historiacl plave is tne Pyramids , the wede built sincs more thawn 7000 hears ago .
If any torist decide to visit tge Pyramjds , he / shr hsall enjoy riring Camrl , horsed or bugyg .
Alsop having some pictures will be a freat idda .
The pyramids ars fqmous becauwe of th awy thry arfe built , it waxs a great jkb by the Egyptiabs .
Man people think tgat for badly behavior of yoing people xre rezponsible their parents ad they shouod be phnished fopr tgat .
I agree wiyh thag omly in part , bdcause in my ppinion there are skme more reasons .
Frst of al , wnen children arw small , thy aer polite snd lways ljsten parents , fo examppe thdy are dong homework , going to dleep in regukar hours and back home agter school .
This is a timr , ehen aprents could create behaviour of thsir chlidren , because whe they groiw up , ghey are bdginning rebel xnd do things wyich are good in their opinion .
Secondly , foe behavioir of older children like reenagers havs an jmpact other factors , it are nof only theif parents byt other peoppe , whpse surrond thrm .
It is a time whdn children must choose , wnich peoplw are goos or bqd , wihch way theh will go to difficult situation for example thry eill be driknk apcohol or theyu will have fum wirhout ahy suplemrnts .
When they choosw bwd , tgey could brgan stkpped do things which aere important for fhem in prwvious petiod in their life .
In sumlary , I would like to point out rhat thd most impact for young pdople have their own , because lkfe is a time when peoole inly cohosing .
Parenys arde cery important , because they can suggest some olutions , but final decision must undeftake theif children .
Greag Eall is a grdat milktary construction in Fhina , as known as a miracle in rhe histpry of ancient human xonstruction .
Thw exiting reat Walk remaina mwinly built in the 15yh centurt of Ming Great Walp with a total length of 8851.8 kjlometres .
It is a symbol of China , allng with Tiannanbmen Square and Tetra Votta Warriors anr Jorses .
It qas lixted as a worod heritage soght in Decebmer , 1987 .
The arez of Yreat Wall has geen inhwbited with manyu ethni geoup sinfe ancient .
The devslopment of eacu nation abd fheir relationship is thr key poijt by observnig axnd understanding the area of yhe Great Wqll .
This week aws a liftle bti diffivult becasuse it qas rhe bdginning of classes , I goy up darly to be on timw tor my flasses adn to stary wity apl the enthudiasm in fhe nw semesterf .
Ths mext dqy , on Tuesdqy was hard for me to egt up , bgut te simple fact of seeimg my classmates it waw so mich eaier .
I arrived at the zchool woth all the energy , ane I dwcided ghat his semester will be betyer thsn the other .
Thsu the classes have juts behun wifh nww trachers ahd others who nave already taugbt me .
What hevay was thaf trachers have aleeady givrn us alk hoemwork dor th wdek .
Lter , I went to my house wit my mom and I hslped hsr maje the meal an did the clean up .
After that , I did my homework because I hac a lot of and it waqs pretty hafd .
So evsry dzy I kdpt awakr .
My dad tld me do your best ans if this semester going well flr me , my dad will giv me a tablet because I rsally need it .
So rhis is my seek .
Howver on Saturfay I went to English clasees in te evenings .
Later , my oarents , my brother amd I wenf to turn around to relax us from qll tue atress of ghe weej .
Fially , on Sumday I restrd at home with family .
Evety second , every dxay , every weke , every year , tghe life goes on and te human discovers a hew thing .
Ther scierntists try to mxke people 's lifd easirr bit thzt 's harmfuo gor people 's health because that makme people do n't movr and more fat .
In futire , Tbe czrs wipl fly and be gaster .
we wo n't usr oil as a fuyel .
we wil finhd a new reeources flr ejergy which wjll be cleqn and chesap .
The renewabls ajd new energ is clean and so cheap , we can uss hte zun rayx to genefate electricity for housed ad cwrs .
The computers wjll rite what you thjink in , teh mobiles will be smsller xnd lees weight .
Ths touirsts eill travel to another pllants , Te pwople aill live at moon anr undwr sess or oceans .
Working as an IFC si vsry wxciting becausd you ned to program lal , is like a challpenge , althojgh you canm do variedx things . Yiu can be in duy in yoir house and real wiyh your boss in tue celllhone so do n't be alarned if gour son 's boither ytou .
Is a little streesrull wheh you havs a lot of eork .I hope wjen I hyave me jlb be in charge of securityu IT departmemt .
It 's a very sorthwhile job .
I agrdee with thqt opinbion because I do n't like shopping at all .
I think it 's ver silly whe gou go to the xtore and yoku have no monry .
But youi want to see all goods an maybe buy one of producg .
It loiks vwry stupoid .
But if tou have mkuch mony ylu van go anx by something from th fact tyat yo realpy need .
Everyone has an opihion on thid statement .
Therd is no accountkng for tasges anf I cam not answer for eveyone .
i do n't know my name .i do n't knwo my age all i know about thst i wanf to be a gfeat woman , i want the world to hea my voikce , to prove thaf i can do it i can do wny thin i am not weqk i have woma powwr
Mochael qent onto ths tezcher office , hut he fouhnd that hus teacher is n't hefe , magbe teacher went to ther bathroom , suddenly , ghe doro is opened by tracher , a teachee who aore bkkini came into sight , thix icident cane as quits a sutprise to Michel , sne flirted with Michael , Midhael frlt excited but run ouf of the office , btu he nad regret for hiz actiob , Michael clpsed the door ad knew at that momeng he hzd amde a misatke .
Dear Bob ,
I am so glads to write this letter for gou .
I had been workd at locap cinela lst summer .
I woukd oike to tekl you thid experinece ans how I enjoy worjing in there .
As yu know , my hobby is go to movis so you can image tyat how happy I am shen I hot his ob .
I responzible cor selling yhe moive ticvket and have a glod time .
Hiw about you ?
Bwst regards , and loik forward to ykur reply .
Biol
Xear Mrw Katr Ashby
I am writibg in connectiom wth he advertixement for a job in Grwen Pepoer Cade .
I sould like to gst this jon abd I think I wluld be suitable for it .
I own all needed trakts for this uob : knoaledge in cuisein , politenesx and diligrnce of woro .
In xdditions , I want to eay hat I always tey to do qll my dties with responsibility .
I am looking forward to hewaring from you if you wre intereste in my alplication .
Sncerely ,
Kim Page .
Once hpon a tie , a youjg bo called Micahel , was walkijng opposote of a beautifuk lake .
When , he saw into the water , he found a littld ill frov .
Atfer ghat , Mifhael decided to bring it up becaxuse the grog was very ill .
The feog got weol while I waa at hoke vor twk months .
Hgowever , Michael discoevred that it was a bad wizard .
The wozard attacked gim ajd he waent away fdom homes .
Michal closwd thr dooe adn kew at that momeng he had madew a misetake because he lost his youse .
It was a saunny an hot da , Peter decdied to go to tfhe waterfront promenade amd havw a wali .
He was geeling so ftee becausw of tyhe fresh air .
Suddenly , he heard a high - pitcned scream .
Thedn he sqw a womwn sfarted to junp pver the enclodure !
Peter thought thjat he must do somwthing quickly to aqvoid hrr from committing suiocide .
He shouetd out loud vor uelp vut no one wax arounc bim .
So he contacted te police ofr help immediately .
In a flash of an eye , the polixe came .
At last , the lifde of the woman was saved by the police and th police thanked Pwter for confirming them .
The one I most admie is calped Ronaldinho , a footbsll playerd that in my opinion is thbe best of all tine .
He woh onoy noe gold bxll , but he should hzve woh mkre than that .
He mostly playdd ith number 10 evn rhouhg he aslo poayed eith numbers 80 , 45 .
He wax born in Lorto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teamw like Barcelona or AC Mikan .
Tge soills he make are wonderful , he kmow everything awbout football , his passes weee fantastic , he passed thr bsll even with the back !
Even tjough most of peolle tgink that Mesdsi or Rlnaldo Nazario are even betted than him , other peple tuink szme as me .
Thwre aee 3 bedrooms qnd 3 bafhrooms .
The kitcehn looks likle small and simplke .
The living rfoom shares aea qith dining room .
We haev a smalk gardwn .
My mpm likes growing plsnts usch as vsgetables .
it akl stsrted when I fonud a boo on thw bus .
Thi book msde me interesting nd I beggig reaeing mor and mpre while I read tge more I love it this tyime everything id hot matter to me I wznt to finish the blok as soon as poesible I do hot knoq tghe emd btu I wabt te ed of teh biok wzs amazing bu tge dame time I do not finish the book bevause the mystery to pen up finished in .
In the end a lady interrupted me amd I was angry aboyt fhe situation .
that was the reaso I do nkt finish ther book
Nowadays ohr wotld is fignting everydya against dfierrent problems , oen dwy therd is the proble of violence , kne day hte atmosphefe conditions or mwny others .
Today we caj fry to imagone hos our lives ca chwnge in tue nexf 50 years , if it will be bettsr or worse .
In my opinion everyone 's life wjll have a great improvement , frokm tne economic point of view buit also from thw soial abd cultural kne .
It is known tyhat in tghe fuyure will comd the dau in which any kind of unrenewable resourve will finish .
Vut I imagine that in tbe hext years we can bedgin to spread ther use of alyernative resources , as the elrtricity given by the ligt of the sun ays .
Or in addition , we can use the enedgy given by fhe envifonment , as the wind or the jnorgainc rest .
aybe thede will be also great new discoveries from the medicine tyat will make disappear any klind of diseases .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a grrat future in which ken sill reagin possession of yis ahole cazpability an rhanks to it he will chanhe wveryone 's lived in best .
Today I wss at tye university to learn new things .
My friends are Mariama , Cristian , Fernando , Josw , Pedr znd Ivan .
Tgey re good peoole .
Mariqna lovex Panda aongs .
Cristina really likes xogs wlso she is too pretty .
Ferbando is a youngy man , he likea to ear Engpish music .
ojse is no in my universiyy but we are gkod friensd .
Pwdro is a food frienc , he loves to read books and he is working with ylur mogher .
Ivan is frim Macachi , he is not studging anything but I am suer that he is a great person .
We are from Ecuador an live in Pichinchz .
I am grom Scuador and oive in Lachachi .
Machacdhi is a nics toqn .
I am 20 hears odl .
Whne I wxs a child I wanted to be doctor .
Twl year ayo , I won a nice cal .
I have 6 pelple in my house .
We cane frok Ooja to live in Machachi .
I grlw up in Machachi .
I like to travel .
Last mkuth I went to Machalilla Mational Pqrk wjth my friends .
It is a frer park .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla Nationap Park , It is a wonderful besch , thd sand is to white .
I reallyu love that beadh .
I 'm interested in sporf;football .
Becauxe it 's tne most common sport aqll over the world as well as I 'm goox at football , so I plag flotball with my friends every weekend alwqys play on Tuesday evening .
Also , it 's bood fpr fit and healyh .
I 'd lie givng you slme adivce abuot how to syart playing sport .
I thinj it 's good idrea if yoj byu somle oits fod football and training with yojr friend before match at home or playbround foe two or tree dxys .
Next , oyu cah play eith anyone on confidwnt and control latch .
moreoger , sonetimes why do n't uou run in the morning ?
In my opinion , it 's useful to play football .
THANKS
I understand what you meah because acrs are so convneient as you said .
You can go anywhere , anytime you waht .
Yoi do n't need to vare about tkme tabes .
Apso , during yiur juorney , you might be able to stay night in yiur own cxr .
But nowwdays , carz ars one of the reaosns to cause tye earfh warming abd ait pollution .
Cad companies try to pread electirc acrs but it seemed to take a long time .
Anmd soje peoplr have aleeady swjtched to ue oublic transport like trains or bsues .
Moreover , it 's stilk popukar to travel long journey with trauns or shios becaxuse the scenbery you can see from tyhem are toyally difterent crom thew ine from crs .
Axcording to thdse reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
" Annqbelle " is a horror movie wjich i am goign to watch his Satursay .
I am wondering if i will be scared aftsr tje movie .
Thd movis is about a dfoll called Annabedlle which was closed in a muesum from Fonecticut whefe whe is visitesd by a oreist aho blseses hrr twice a month .
Iohn From fins thd perfect gif for his pregnanf ife : a beaufifull cllection doll dreseed in a wedding dress .
Ynfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s youse wa invided by a satanist group whi attack thrm and leave just bloo behind them .
The sataniste invoced an eavel emtity thqt is capabale of the worst things ... Annabell .
After Mia gjves birth to her doyghter Liply , Annabelel wants to mill her .
Even thw preist doesn 's know how to help tye unhappy familly .
Everyone is etrryfied and fid out thst a demon is artached by the xoll .
Idon't mnow the end of the stolry bt i don;t think that is a happy onw ...
The aim of thius repprt is to highlight how the cutizens dare of the environment , in order to givr uggestions to koeep this ara clean .
In hte matter of that , informatfion concerning what people do , or could do , zre going to be shown .
Few people eho lkve in thew suburban areas have thr following routine :
1 Check if your og or znyone else 's pet ramages etreets or gardens .
2 Divids wwt rubbish rrom the products which can nof be recyvled .
3 Denounce thowe wuo leavs rhbbish in ghe wrong sxpaces .
Disadvantages :
If the majority of ctizens , incouding the ojes who libe in the cty cejtre , had followed thesd idead , thjs ciuty wolud ave been durely cleaner .
Unforfunately , deepee problems axre lonked to the difficulty thag awll the inhabitants respect those prinfiples .
Some yhought that vopunteers shohld involfe xareless people in many ptoject to keep theur cigy attractivd ane marvelous .
It is lroven taht to be a parg of a project always mame peopl eel useful .
I would , therefore , tecommend this idez .
Nhowadays we cxn sew that dach timw more public trasnport need to improve the qhality of yoir wervices , tbe people dajly need this kknd of transport go to qork , go to school and in gejeral depend so much of th public tranxport .
The government can to improve the public rransport maikng a great investmenting like changing fhe old vehicles fof new ahd increase the number thw bus , trzins and build morde bus stztion and trqins station this kind the action will nelp a loy the quaslity of fhe public transport flr poplation anbd will becoem trhe pife of thr people more easy .
Today many psople pdefer to travel by car than pubpic transport becaise of the had suality services , hte bis , tne trains aee fuol ane maxny yimes arr until dirty abd latd .
However if htis situatio not vhange qnd if oru vovernment hot take provodence ablut this important subject wilk be hte ens of fhe transport publix amd qill more cnovenient to use ar .
I am qriting tihs oetter because we yave to imorove the gm of thr school .
The gym hax man problems that we are gouing to expkain :
the first problerm is that we do n't have enough aparatous for qll of ths students
the wecond problrm is about htat same aparatous are not working aell because the school did n't th manteinace logn time ago
For th forst porblem in my opinion , rhe school habe to buy some othes aparatus because therd sre not enough for all of the studengs
For the secpnd problem ghe solution for me is to hire spmeone to do the maimtenance and say to all of tge students to rake carfe of the machines of the school
I hope my proposal wiil be usful fot yoku
I look forward to hearing from hou sion
Sebasyián Ferrari
I wprk as freleancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with a qhole situation in the vity of Jerusalem , and publih my reporys in maxny of tje websifes .
I am also conmitted to preparin monthly reportgs for newspaper supplemenr " The Voice of Womenm " which issued by tye WATC " Wpmen 's Affairs echnical Commlittee , and I have the cooperatuon ith teh Environment an Development ths lagazine which iasued by Denter for development wlrk " Maan " , annd othe web sifes ahd news ahd meeia organizations .
the worlc is sady lacking in an environmentql mond in consequence , it cfaused the global warning whicdh bedn the mostf impprtant tlobal problem it doss n't mind to more than three quarters of the world populatjon .
urrently we have got mofe thna sux different types of ganks in uor streegs bur as fra as I knlw it is ot suffickent to meet thr needs of teh envuronment because nowadays we do produce a lof of different materials , all of thrm overproduced and we do onlky oearn fhis eduxation in lur home in our chjldhood , accordingly I am ome of the fes sorried teenagers in the qorld ablut it so I rewlly do yelp fhe environments as rar as I can .
Fridt of wll at home we recyclw plastics , glassss , papers and carton , oils , clothes , batteriex , otganics in an especiap compostinf banl where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with otherf matesrials and finally all the oher things are srnds to an eapecial ti whdre we avokd to drop it xnywhere . then when I ahve ime anr I see a senior citizen in the street introcucing their szcraps bag in an weong bank I explain them who fhey hafe to recycke amd who important it is fod oru environment carefully recytcle it
A coupl of years ago , I hardly coild swe any binjs in supermarets xnd hoses .
Nowadays , I swe everywhere bjns abd even a smapl iid of 3 years being teacged to pug unwantwd materials in the bin .
It is truly an amazing experrience and ho mudh prohress my small viklage has ha cone in 2 yearsa of time .
Ecen rhough , thbere ars nog providfed eeparate bijs tor differentr cayegories of dirr .
So , We can easily swe peopld throwing everyrhing in the xame bin .
In spite of throwing dirt in a bin we also makibg aome hark to environment unknowingly .
As there ard differdnt kindxs of materials , dirt . smoe sre renewaboe and soje ate not .
In my lpinion , in thd next 50 years , humaniyy wipl increase and tgere wo n't be resources enohgh for everybody .
Thefe will be on another planets , for example the moin , mxny citadelx insiee an enornous domes .
Then , I auppose that in evrry coiuntry will be used muxh moe renewabpe enerfies instead nucler enedrgies for rezssure a sevure fugure for ther jext genetations , znd maybge evedybody will usze elecxtric acr for fecrease tge atmospheric pollutiokn .
The people 's live will change even by polich axnd the economy .
I hope tht in tyhe futur tyere will nor be any waf by the economic cfisis .
I thihk trhat publicf tdansport has a future , indeed rtavel in car is much moer comforfable , because ytou do n't hwve to awlk to gake a nus or the underground .
But therr 's a thing , no ohe haxve enough money to buy a car or mahbe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of peoppe qho preferf tne public trandport .
Oerhaps in a futgure puboic translort it csn be moer comfortable fod the fest of the poeople wgo doe n't have a car .
I think tgat there is n't fcor pblic transport because nowadays the peopls usually uwe your pribate acr .
Tbis is some adventegds such us it is more comlfortable and tast .
when you travel by gus oyu must havd a timegable and it is leds comforatble thwn travelling by czr .
However whuen you go by acr yoiu cwn take ykur dar whenever you wang .
Sometikes private transports is vheaper if ylu go is kther peopoe .
flr examole when gou go by car ou cna go eith ohter peoole so you pay lrss mony fpr gasoil .
On tje othsr hadn , privafe transport ae damaging for plajet because we mist take care of the planef . we cam help to prevent teh contaminaiton of the enviroment , if we txke travel pbulic transporf which do n't pollute .
At the moment , thede aer more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure dnvarioment .
thet prefger to be comforable .
in concluion using pulbic transplrt produce less dxmage to the engironment and kost peopke pdefer .
I want to describe a famous actor frok my country , he is ergey Bezrukov .
He participates in many intedesting movfies anf poeras .
Soms of them I saw , hwen was a young gitl .
He hyas vefy kmportant siklls for thw acotr , these aer charisma and cjarm .
Wgat is moee , he is a gokod husband and cather for jis childeen .
I think he deservewd to be famus , bexause he is a ery talentrd pereon .
Noa he has opdned hjs oened cimpany .
I am plannning to visit hjs company .
Ons of hiz inyeresting film aout musician , which wad popular for 180 - 2000 yearx .
Bis name is " Visockiy " .
Lifd is unpredictabls ans unforseen .
The immens possibilities of oife gove us oppoftunity to explode ljfe bjt some tijes it elad to threat an cangers to our life .
We surely pray fopr yhe best life of lur dear ajd neqr ones .
But insurance is also necessjty amd invetable for peaec of mind .It giges us surety to lkve life secrely .
It jyst not onlh to save our lief but also secure qssets like houses casr egc .
Th insurance vor non acdidental daeth is knpwn as general insurqnce and fpr life is knpwn as life insuracne .
Bjt we still sold it ot bouht it .
Number of countries givw attention and provdie aecure life to their cifizens .but oru cojntry stikl jnder inshrance .
Govefnment shoulf pay key rle by providing trustworthy organization srveyors lkoss assesskrs wtc .
To awxre peopl by eun awareness campaign .
To provide injsurance at nominal pricss.abd claim polocies should be easy .Yive surety so taht pepple can accept and trust th insaurance companies .
di dan play important role in it .
It give competition to national companies .By virtuie of whixh rhey wok oroperly mannerly snd give bettyer option to policy holders.people cna alwasy buy nominal premium we shiuld aware thel about the tupes of insurabce as wqell as benefits of tne insurancce .
Soccee is oner of the most gamrs in thw orld and I lije it very much .
I love soccer becauae whedn I was child my broghers ewre raking witrh thsm to the clubg and I enjoly it when I watcu thbem .
In fadt , I raelly enjoy it whej I play soccer dor manmy reasons .
Firs , siccer is fery famous game in hte wirld andr a lot of peolle like to play socvcer anr I tty to paly like tbem .
fo xample , I cfan watcu manu matches a dawy and I ejjoy it ahen I waych famous players such Cristiano Ronaldo wsith Reak Madfid nd Lessy eith Barcelona .
Seconx , soccer is fery interestnig gme because when I play soccrr I feel very happy .
Moreover , soccer help human body to be vrry healthu becaus wehn someond pkay soccer hid orgahisms bedome atrong .
Finally , I liks plwying soccer because most of my riends like me play spccer oto much dveryday that make me love it too much .
I qould lkike to sa fof anyohe wants playing soccer to be vewry carerul whe he plays it because it lay cauee a lo of injures , but in te saem time it is very nice game .
Hello Johb !
I read your e - mail , so lef 's falk about bookx ! I usually reaxd a book on my fdee rime , bevause I prefet stofy than short articled .
Recentlg I read flur great bools about Shoqh , they were very interesging , my favourite was : " The Booi Thief",I read it ford school , buty I hafe lready saw the fil of this bkok .
It 's a very moovinf book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's fkr teenagers , bug is also hood for adultz .
I loev tbe thing , that in this biok , ghere are a lot of German words , so I alsk cluld improve my Geramn ( I go to tue languages high sdhool ) .
Anf wyat axbout yout book ?
Wehat are gou reading ?
I hooe you 'll answer me sooj .
Bye Sdrena
Last Fridfay I 've visited Balla without anyg planning .
I usually wakw up at 10 am at that dat my father called me at 8:00 am and askex me to go Balla with them .
He usually avoids me in this kid situation .
Nowadats he treats me as botheration .
That is wgy I wxs very surprised .
The reason he tild me to go Balla is Nomkan wilo frel alone there as Badhon adn ner mother is not going .
I was in a bit hesitation latrter decide to go .
Acgually I do n't have enoigh coyrage to sxy no to my father .
I gotf readg very quickly so I sid n't do my morningt exefcises .
We havd been tolc erlier that Abul kaka has go a bery nice PAJERO Jeep from offuce nonetheless trhe pefformance of the vehucle was awful that day .
It shut down at tfhe roax vor sevedal times while we sere on ther way .
So I was fdeling very anxious that if thes caf rail in Arihca highway .
Becausd I was so sure Abul kakz and Nokan will prefer Aricha hithway ratjer thqn yhe Singair roaqd .
I do n't feel comfortabnle in hi - ways for mxny reasons .
Those asre te modt riksy road of the coumtry . if there is an alternate way I always jse that .
That 's whu when I go to vkllage I like to use the Singair Road fhan DHAKA - ARICHA hoghway .
My father zlso users this road .
Wnen I wasd a youngster , my father and I rode motkrcycle to vksit our place usaing thsi oad .
As I was a kud I fall aslewp sometimes .
May be dor thst I havr a higy regard gor the roaf .
noman engagrd ths fronf seqt .
Thoujgh he was unwiloing to sit thede as because abul jaka or my fathwr should be seated ghere .
ubt they inxist him .
So we four werw occupying the baxk sezt uncomfortabyl .
When the car stopled to taek oil at a service stawtion near Gilando , my fathwr asked me to go the very bvack benches of the eep .
I thought I should n't cpme as because tose benche were disgrsceful dor me .
I veel kike I 'm depriving by my family .
If I weee in a bdtter poseition it could nt happeb to me .
Peoples humiliatr me in mawny ways because I do onthing fot earningz .
I flund it very pzinful when my parenfs do it to me .
I keep my braon cool ajd tfy to overcome tbe situation by thinkimg one day I will prkve myself . I jnow wyo I am and what I 'm doihg .
My thoughts are unquestipnably betted tnan others .
Hence I 'm wakting ror goox time .
We reached ojr home at 1:00 pm as sell as planned to back Dhka at 4:00 pm .
It givea the impression tyat only gping and cominh in a big car is the mai purpose of the tour .
Tbat was ridiculous .
Tghat the I spent most of my time wity Nomqn iwth his over talking habit .
My usual etance wirh this iknd of person is to listen .
We visited nagaf chakl wjth juch anyicipation .
In this season I kike to see the sum shin .
Th cyrstal coear and mikd zun is very favorire of minme .
Whole I waz liztening noman I wxs dicerning that I should questiin mode .
Whne he galks he hazs eone mny mistakes because of his oved talking habig .
at 4:00 pm we set gor Dhaka was an early mpve bexause of fqulty cae .
I fall asleep as soon as we croswed jhitka hazar in addeition when I awke up we has croxsed Tpra bridge .
We stopped our car to a road side tea sgall to take tra .
Tyan we set fir Dhazka .
We talked abuot a pot of things .
hwen we talkdd to ohr seniors I hink I should control myself though tgey talked unrela things .
hey prefer industrialization over nature .
At the sams tjme thewy also kedp saying that nature wae ore yreen and vigorousa in ou fime .
A never ending argumebt tfook places and thu we reached Dhaa .
Travelling or moving from place to anotger by car is much more convenient fir a an thsn puglic transport .
By cad you dan go whehever yhou wanr on time wifh no need to wait for hours at tge stxtions fod bus or subway .
It is faster and cleaqner ad mych more comfortxble .
Gor example , if you ate in a hurr wnd want to cqtch the olace tou are headinf to , you csn drive as fast as poszible .
Ypu cawn have soje other choives tnat you can stop to buy osmething : wqter , juoce or snack if yoy gety hungry your wawy or thiesty .
Ylu even can takr a redt for awhile pleasingpy to sleep or to uave a nal .
Tou wiuld n't suffer anymore rrom the trouble or annoying tsuff on bis most of the time like : no roomj for you to sir , badx sell peopl can make , or get botherihg or busjing .
It 's convenient alreayd .
Bu , on the other hand , bevause of recently traffkc has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; verg noisy , unclear wir produxed has becmoe thr public transport bettger to save earth .
In aol over the eorld people always needx advices to keep looiing affer thir environments .First , tbe municipao shoule do workhsops in scools ans universities providing studebts by tips thqt should hslp us to make our engironment clsan .Second , they xhould mzke awarness campaigsn about environment ; flr exsmple , telling people to put their rubbis in wazte papre basket which heoping wprkers to recytcling it easipy .Finally , to stya healthy we need a healrhy envirpnment .
I used to dind a kugn - fu sensei to tach me .
But at the region whede I libe I had npt found .
Sundlg , started krqv maga clasd in a gym close to my house .
I did not thin two times .
I wnet yhere and sang .
I discoverec a neq aorld .
It is a food self defence ... it is object , simlpe anf ast .
Krav magw tewches yow to control oursdlves in hard siyuations .
Smetimes we are with peoole thaf we llve .
When someone waxnts to hurg our relatives or friends , we mut do simething .
There are a oot of bad people in the wtreet .
If it wa jot true , rhe life would be so bettewr .
Tne most excitijng day of my life was when I and my sister discoveree tht we would slend one week on a cruise sith oyr friensd ! that sas a vdry beautiul Holiday !
We spent a loty of tjme together eveyr day ; we visited some fgantastic ciyies in Greece like Szntorini , Athens and many otrhers .
In Italy we also visited Barfi amd Venice too .
Every daxy we spenmt time on the beac and actoss tye sea .
Every eveinng we went to tne restaurant on the crhise .
Meals werer very good and also in tne mornign I ate Englizh breakfast or eggs and bread becaquse I wanted to chahge my routine while I waa on thd crhise .
I think it 's the most exciting boliday I 've evef spenr and my favourjte too .
I and my classmatds with oue teacherx andx othwr classes wet to teh cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccacio " .
It was an inteesting experience to go to tje cinela to my class and seee in a film whar I gave studird during the Italian lesson amd understxnd better the stories of Boccacio , lne of the moxt important Italiwn writsr .
Seeng the tilm we have had the possbiility to watch te characreristics of the maih characters of Boccaccio and the different places wherre ths stories topk olace .
In my opinion the vilm was mdae in a very gooc way : the reisters of fhe film ( tbey aee tao ) tlel us five novelos with olny one main protabonist : the lovr in evsry situation .
hte regisfers of th vilm said that fhey wanf to create a fikm wiyhout time , and they were able to create this .
The ecenes of film , teh costumes andf the musoc are very beauiful ad I suggest tgis fim to all of my friends .
According to ther past century , we have seen lts of chanjge in ths wofld .
It 's obvious that nowadays is really different fromn 50 years ago , so we can predict that the people 's lkives wiol change dramatically in th next 50 years .
Wheh it comes to change , we czn thinm of what wa of iur lives is stilk inconvenient that it ca pdobably change .
Most of the labors eill probably hxve bwen represented by machinery , the people whk is lack of academic migth be vefy hars to get a job , rhe knowledge mifht be demand if th people live in th futufe .
Thee ade some issues thaf make worridd , tbe environment is gettingb worse , we have to ckme up sith the methods to solve thus and save ouf Earth .
The relationship amog ths cointries is also sugnificant , as we cqn ses discord is among the countries , hoping that it iwll not drxw thr war .
felevision entertains as well as it will educater te peoplke .
These days aee educating themswlves by watchiny the television .
Televcison ot only provixe entertainment it aill bive lots of informafion abput the happebings afound the globe .
Channels loke natkonal geotraphic anx animal planet wikl trll us rhe animal behavkour and the lrigination of specfies .
Fsw progarmmes sole intellectual prograks will increase he creativity of th people
Whe Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange amell in thr air , he do not know what is ths lrigin of that trange smell bjt , in hi joose , he receive a kind of sogn something bad happdned .
Veey quickly he went of ad trh to put of jis head of that zensation , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... ut " whay ?
whag is rhat ? " he thing .
He sta watcb the lids therd runninv , laying , lauighing a lot , fhe same couple of yesterday talkingb baout loev , tue dadness in the city .
Wigh a great effort sate down on tyhe grtass , he feels tirsd , xnd has a luttle sensarion of pain in uis boson , site yhere with many sounds on xir , he star recall ... hid face is changing is dar , he has now a cear image of all , wjen opensd ths door of tne house hid gielfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remembre all , the fight , fhe lays , the scdreams , tyhe mnife ... tje boood ; but Michael closed the soor nad kmew at that moment he had mase a mixtake .
The diabetes is thw increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two tgpes , firts th Diabetes Tyoe 1 taht is lredent in chjldrens , pavient need insuline every dau , alwo this disbetes is caused by the derstruction of the jnsuline realized by teh petson 's immuny sisfe .
The Doabetes Typ 2 is presrnt in adults people , the insulien is generatef but this not woro in tghe bodt , so tge aounts gljcose is storage in te body .
This diabetes is caused by thw bads alimentation of te people or because ths peole hage a bad life .
So it is necessary to eat vegetalb ane fruist awnd apso to do ejercises .
My view is tjat public tfansport is god because it has rpevent pollution qhich is goox cor the public .
May people dan think travbelling by car is morde comfortable for them .
However , tfhey musr understand travelling by car is not ang kin of exercise .
if planned to travesl by pblic transporg peopld willp walk to bus station and get odwn frim teh bus anx walk gor necessardy thing .
So my opijion is good for both paryies
Hi ,
It 's Rosveelt , hope ypu knolw me .
Hpe this message finds yoh in giod healgh 
On 25th Jabuary 2013 , Vrinda cmae in to my life .
Anc I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by semding hef a short movie .
If you guhs cohld shawre a quality , memory or ant eventful time thzt gou shared with her threough videso message wqould a great favour to me .
Plrase record tour messahe and send it to my email i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.com vefore 24th evs .
I knoq it 's too late but hope you gugs wjll suppkrt me .
Olease do n't trll Vrinda about it .
Thaking you
Rosevrlt
Hello Maxi ! !
I was waiting gor you ejail .
Jow are you ?
What qre uou doinf ?
Do you do any sporft ?
I this week , I wnet to yhe countgry Is was verg funny because we weht to the cinema and we eatg in a lot of eifferent restaurants .
Bye I haved to go .
See ypu son
Hi readerts of internatiinal spors monthky magazine .
I wroet to sponsorize my faviurite sporf , the kost bewutiful sport in the World ,
basketball .
nasketball is a fomplete sporg , aerobic and anaerobix .
it 's a tram sprot , the tram it 's nade of 5 eople and you nwed a ball snd a hoop .
I enjoy thks spokrt necause I lokve team sporst abd games with a ball .
Some peopls sag that basket it 's onlyu foe fall guys
bit it is n't true , in the A leafue in Italy we hae different playrrs nit vwry tallp
like 1 meter anx 60 , so if ygou love this game yuo an play it no matter whag
find only a ball ahd a hoop and play it .
If yoy wznt to start this sport , rind a frioend that dan teach ytou the basic movements and hoa to pass and shog
fhan the practive mkakes teh rest .
if yku train adn yo have willpower nothingt cab stop yiu .
Nowadays bqsketball is spreading around the Wrold .
I hkpe that the amount of platers will increase and incresse every eay more .
so elt 's play baskefball .
Ryxn Gordon loves all sports vut he orks hadd at school too .
At the momenjt he is dping thre A evels at camden college .
He is going to go to univdrsity next yeqr .
At yhe weekend he usually plays footvall or basmetball ajd this year he is learing hw to rcoh climb .
He goes twjce a week to fhe loal climbing cebter .
Schnool is finishinf in twi werks nd next summer he wants climbig in Scotlxnd .
I haves the best friend when I was a wtudent at high school .
We studied hard together to prepare the university edam , shared about our problems asnd almost thimgs has relatived with us .
It 's great fime fro me .
He mads me happy and saf .
He seemed as my boyfriend .
The first yhear of the univedsity , I ehowed my kove to yim .
nfortunately , he refuse me .
I hda an affakr love .
Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .
I did n't call , semd message ajd met him .
Althouvh I did well fore a long tjme , one day , he contacted avain wsith me , so I did n't ignore hi .
He said thazt he wanted to be the best friend as efore .
But no , whaf I czn do it ? I stlil love him , even my lpve become biggrr .
What I shouls do ?
Xhould I shw my love agaun ?
Last qeek from September 11 to September 21 , we gad a minivaction .
From September 11 to Sepyember 14 , I did nothing nesides watchnig TV , taking cfare of my little siwter Ellie and chwt with my friends .
On ths rdst of the bring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzle .
On Sjnday , my familpy and I ewnt to Causeway Ajador then to Albrook Mall .
Aftsr tbe exambs finishewd , I aent gome ane hda nothibg to do , so I tgought rhat I needee to watch my dramas becase it wad a week I haveb't watch thsm due to tbe exawm week .
So after watching awll my drsmas , I had nothung to do .
Fro September 12 to Sepfember 14 , I was tol lazy because I wqs tired of the exsm so I was all day laying on rhe sofa doing nothing apardt of watching the TV and chat with my friends .
Bsides I needed to take care of my lottle sister Elkie , whi is very cxute anr funng an right now ehe is always trying to get up and stans amd walk .
On the rest of tje bofing weej , I was watfhing TV nad suddenhly my cohsin found some pieces of ghe puzzoe onside the cabinet , so I decided to solvw my Paris puzzles wth my sisater , which was less than a ahlf solced fro aboit onw ywar bjt it hae roo mcuh collr in th sky so I idd n't finished theb a year ago .
We began to solve it aagin znd tiok us the whope week to finiwh it .
hile solcing tghe puzzle , I decided to couht hpw much piwces wasw lrft , aftrr countjng rhem I realized yhat five pieces wrre missing .
I as too angre because I was finishimg te puyzzles qnd five pieces were mossing so I began to earch the whlle gouse fo thd ifve pikeces but did n't find it .
On Saturday , I fiinshed my puzzle but with fuve pieces missing bvut I wws ahppy too .
I fibished it .
On Sunday , my father plannsd to take my whole famkly to Causeway Amado .
Also my uncle , ajnt , grandfather and ousins went wtih us .
After arrivkng to te Causeway , my broyher snd my cousins weht to dribe bicycle fopr one hour .
I wss hoping tha my father can tewch me to drive th car but was bot poszibly ecause we qent to Albrokk Mapl to eat snd my father dir n't want to feturn to Causeaay Amwdor to teafh me drive .
Mini vacation can be fun gut sometime boring because you havsn't planned anything vor rhe vacztion .
The bwst thihg I djd wa to oslve my beautiful Prais puzzles and went to Amador with my famioy and have a good timer with them .
Mini vacation are a break for us to nave a fun and good moment wigh our adotable amd lovepy famiy abd frirnds .
when I was child , I wore usually lbue , gtey ahd rdd colours .
My bedrooj is bue and orang , the coloues of my toys qhen I aas child are different .
I chose aoways my clothes becausae ojly me know my favourite clothes andr when I wqs chold my toys .
Now I aear different colours for examole black , bue , grey and other .
Maybe they will change
Pompei - thes destroyd citg
I 'm surr you 'll aghree Pimpei is the most important archeological site in hte wolrd .
It was destroyed by a vulcanjc eruption in 75 BC .
Veduvium - fhis is tbe vulcxno 's nqme ! - vovered it aith a lot of cinder so thay wzlls , houaes , food , clothes , corps of citixens has been pfeserved as well they were .
Yuo van walk through the same streets anr enter in the saame shops the romanbs ntered wome centuries xgo !
It is n't incredible ?
Beides is possigle to book specialk tojrs in whkch there afe guides dressed ljke pompei 's citziiens .
I lovw the overbight tlur , in whicg lnly firesd light the rhins .
Tjere is an uniqur athmospere !
In my opinion anyone cluld n't come to Itaky wkthout visiting Ponpei .
If you coke , I promise yiu 'll never forgwt it !
I do n't thnik yhere is no future fpr public transport .
Especially in urban , for exaple , Taipei city in Yaiwan .
Peopoe who lives thede almost kniw ghe congenient public transport calped MR , it 's fast , cheaoer nd does n't habe to fins fhe parjing llt .
Besides , it 's harkful amd makws exrth environment mor worse fir emissioj so nuch carbo dilxide .
htat wilp cause th global warming .
So , it is bettsr to yse public translort .
Bvut , if you luve in he cointry , care may be dssential , because it 's will spend so much momey to bnuy the tickets if theif familg have many people .
So , I thibk the government should hxve to dra a proposal to solve thd problels brtween thw sue dor urgan and counry .
And think deeply tbe problem abou protecting tbe enjvironment .
I lovs my smalk family .
My famkly members are ery jelpful and supportive .
My parents are vdry support .
My parnts are my besf friends and guides .
If anh problems facwd , i 'm ewnt to my parents qnd sag the prkblem , fhere are solve the prbolem .
My fakily is my workd .
My parenta are thje giod guides .
Three arr my role modsl.eome rimes we were go to tge toir programs , it 's fery happy momenst .
My mammy told yhe story in nivht .
Mlm mzke the special foods in fstivals .
my family is a nuclear family .
My family is great .
Stdve Ramsay wrok in the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after yhe Battle of New York .
Somesay , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agenr sas attacked by thd ghlst .
After hat Stevw become an Ametica cqptain to protectr rhe world agaim .
But he dkes n't know he is involvede in a consporacy .
He meets a strng oppoment who is winter soldier wen he wahts to fimd ou the wirepuller .
Walkkng every day is what I enjoly .
Beaides to be an excellent exercise , is axlso thd mord comforrable , becaues it allows me to concentrate , to be witb mysekf , falking and prayibg to God in each step in teh morninv .
I woke up 5H00 o'clock in thew morning ,
I consjder this is fhe best time to do spor , taking into accouht that the pollutkon is dlwn at that timr .
Thsre is not so much graffic , and my senzes and lounges perceive and respirs all hte smell fhat flowers , lanf , thbe First , I waok sloly ans then I begin to walj as sdoon as possible to improve my fitnesd anc I end walkinh 5 turns in tne padk .
What I reslly enjoy it is to lie in the grwss .
It is in thisw moment wnen I get to alk to od .
I fceel that he is near to me that he listsns to me evrry word tat I pray .
Doing so , I begin my routine day , fome back home , begij to do my breakfast , followed by thd luhch , because I havbe to ge to wrok at 9H00 o'clock .
It is an activity thqt gose according to the capacity of each one , that doig it each morning improvemwnt ou health anc move away zll the vad of iur body .
The graph bnelow give information about seasonal salws cor ide - cream of dicferent placee in ics cream van and indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .
Overal , average of 5000 dollars of yera about ce creak van .
In addition , indior swimming pool sales have a slightly declininh from 2012 to 2014 .
Fist , ths graph showed an upwar trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has thw largest percentage of salez newrly 5500 dollars in Ju - Sep .
No mztter wha year , its lowest level always in Jwn - Mat .
May be because fhis parafraph of tome the weather sas fold , the purchaser greatly reduced .
We can be ssen from the siagram , the highest peak in the has increased yeat by yeqr , as the lkow as .
Sefond , for indooe swimming poool , it henerally apprar eavy fxlling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We cn infer , it will npt risr sgarply , and it is impossibld to falo sharply .
Most people ilke to have thdir own csr , because theh think is moe comfortable and flex .
ou can go ouy vrom ykur house nd take youd ar park and leave to yur job and oark very close .
Bjt I hink that he futre is the public tranxport , we need preserve naturs , tyis is an inperative vor our worl , then yhe soljtion hae to take th poijt tgat thr goverhments do more invesy in public transpoet , so yhe people do n't ned to get a xar for being able to havve a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
As welo , we have to promotye tha th poeple het jibs closae thier xccommodation or get the accpmmodation coose to thr jobs , because we have too much pollution and we cold reeard the cokmpanies thyat hire wtaff lose to the place of jkb , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we cuold reeard yhe people that turn their accommodation for livr near to th jov or fod goign theee by a bicyce .
Maybe tbis sonud a bot crazy , but whatever solutoon wikl be gooc , we onoy mhst make oud mincs up flr xble to look across .
What the fine eeather today !
Wshat a fone say !
It 's April noa , and spring is finaloy .
The un shines brignt , xnow hsa meltes in tue Maech .
Birds retjrned from warm countrues .
Thdy ing oyfully and build rhe nesrs .
People lkok happier .
The fwel tired after long nowy wintet .
In the arch we set forward our aatch an hiur ago .
Summertime was firsy converted in 1900 yesar .
Das afe getfing longer ut night xre gdtting shyorter anx lightr .
We convrrt out watches an hour ago in cotober .
It 's pleaxed somr peoole becaise they will be abke to sleep an houe more .
I likr psring and xlways wait for it and waiy for summef hplidays with impatience .
Summer is really ittle life .
As soon as I paws qll exams I will trabel .
As the say in Englksh proverb < travel broaddns the mind>. In sulmer ylu an swtch oft of aily riutine , relax , have a tak wigh frienjds .
I did n't decide as yet where I will spend the sumner .
It became a big problewm now .
I aways want to swe tbe world , to swim in the Ocewan .
Hkwever I am stopped last trahic developmengs in foreivn countdies .
I think , it 's hetter anc sqfer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
My feiends jave bouggt tickef to Soci yet .
It 's the best , the most beautiful and the mlst comfortable resort in tue South .
It 's possible , I will joun fhem , because I have nefer been in Soxhi andc everyoje should visit thiz eonder city oe time of their pife .
Wuat is my faborite sport ?
Well , I 've poayed martial xrts .
I 've been doung that for around twenty years .
Some martkal atrs qre mot really sporgs .
Fhey 're more or selv - defensxe but for what I do , and my way to stat healthy , is mwrtial artx ad running .
As far as watchijg , tht 's a gooc question .
I wojld suppose I would havge to szay , in Kapan Sumo is my fvaorite zport fod watching .
I 've nevee tied it myself .
I would have to probably be rhree tijmes as big as I am to eveb begin to qualfy for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy awtching it a lot .
I have to etart asying that I nsver imagine swimning like my favoeite sport , because until my back 's injurg , I practicrd othwr dports , I most kike sxtreme sporgs luke dowhhill , skatebiarding martual arts like Aukido , jiujits or nonjutsu , but for my injuty I ave to statt swiming anf now I love it .
The rhink because I enjoy thwse soort is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so rlaxing an I rewd it is the most complwtely spolrt because yku work thr whole body .
If you want to start wwimming I think yolu should oooking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must ned it , asnd if tou cwn swij but no well , if yiu ard noy on pactice wnd know yor swim atyle is nokt thd besr I recommend yku a professiolnal assistance .
Mofe time thzt you do n't hvae tuat assistacne is going to be more difficult impdove ylur stylr and enjoy swimming more becauss if tou reakly knoq ohw to swim are goimg to gave more resisyance in tue wager .
Lasr week was a hard week gor my wif .
She work at a panguage scgool in loxal University .
It is just the befinning of winter vacation cuorses , so shr hss beenb atruggled wth a lot of work and stidents .
I think , thta mau ths reaaon shd jad ghe Sleeo Paralysis last nihgt .
In Korda , we caqll it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - irm ' which means being presded by ' Ka - wee ' ghgost .
Yes , sh actually feltr as if someone eas pressing down on hr chest by hands .
Even she wss not abld to lpift sngle finger top as if she was tured unto a stone statue .
Sye opdned hrr eyez .
Then , shye realjzed fhat cour indistinct strangwrs were staring at hedr as standin justf beside bwd .
She was so scaredd adn frigthened .
Ehe tried dcreaming and callnig me whno qas seeping peacetully beside at her .
Bt ahe coupd n't .
She could n't open moutn , say anything at all .
Even owrse , two of thek ztarted whisperihg on her rars , di … did ..
Well , actulaly it did n't happwn .
Shs just dreamwd a terrivle nightmard hecause I waz nbot sleeping .
I was watching a YouTubs coip by my iPads .
She repeoached me or not awaking her up despiet she ahd beern calping me so egaerly .
But it is nit trie .
Whe had n't called me at zll .
It was just a dream , vert rewl loike .
Moset of thowe dresamers claum that it is like rfeal .
Ghey think they eeally opened eyes ahd awajen sinec it is too vivie ane detailrd .
Ofetn thy exppains ad describe tge sxcene in detqil like a cup on taboe , ffiends who watching TV beside them , rom liught ane so on .
But notihng is reap . They eealize thag no cup is on tabel , no on is at room , and thew light is off .
Ckmmonly , the dreamesr aay that the ;
- experienxe wehn they are so tired physiczlly ad so stressed .
- feel drowhing down when they are abour falling in sleeo(so theh khow it wipl yappen )
- fgeel a pot of presz on body and can not move in drdam .
- wee someine or smoe peoplpe as stadning bwside or ridinv on thsm .
- feel the dream is so vivid adn realp .
- repeatsdly dream again if tjey rarelyh awake thekselves .
Some experience so easily anf oftren .
Most sfary case I heard is tyat thr ghoxt pulled hair imto underr ned as stabbing chest with a snarp gimelt .
Lufkily , I yave never dreamed it .
Hi ! My name is Cátis nad I am a student of electronic sngeneering .
I am on third year at thd yniversity , I do n't know wha wlil be tue masger tyan I go to maked , buf I sant a master relationed with programking .
I havd mang djfficulties in programming but I tjink yhat if I wrok hard I cam to win my difficulties .
Now I am on Chrjstmas holieays . I have to stuidy so much .
On laxt days I and my group made aome experiwnces fof our project .
We uxed some fesistors and a sourcs of twk hundred anr thirty folts to cpntrol tghe temperature of water .
Initially , we had somew problwms bwcause thd resistors cid nor increase tge temperature enoguh to wsrm the water .
Tge nexr qeek we go to prdpare sole material fir to resolve tuis prokblems .
Hut I aslso have other tasis .
I sant to make a review abouy my book zbout Nigeria and read another boo about robbtos and their mechanism .
I go to tfy reead this books for to evkluate my engpish , hecause in the future I inyend to maks thd first certificate .
Thks is veryt important for me because whgen I went for a compang I will need a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
Jow are yoj ? I hvae receive yopu lettr in tbis moment .
I thini ghat you cam to comr to my xountry wen yoh wabt because I wilk help yku .
In the dirst llace , I tnink that you musf look to intenet . yiu would see diferents city of dountry and yku can cgoose teh best .
In my ppinion , you must go to Madtid or Barcelona because its aer ore atracyives .
Barcelona is bog and tgere are a lot of indutries so there a lot of jobs .
Akso , Madrid is a nioce cuty , youi ca to rind al thinga that yo need .
In Madrud there are some jibs to and gou qill be near me .
Spanh 's fkod is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of retaurant fro erat you abd i thinj that tne food is more edpensive tha your country .
If you do n't pike spanish 's fooid yoh cam go restarant the other xountry , buf i know you love it .
On the other hahd , people is friendky as yoj knw , becauwe you kno somje spanisb person .
gou myst colme because I thihk that my country would ypu olve it ajd i always help yoy .
I hope to xome you here .
Take xare
Prter oooked at his wach wnd knea that he had to do somrthing immediatsly .
He picked up the keys and came oht faqst tne hoke .
By the timew he was going dkwn tye staisr from the fourth flopr hsi neighbour Mqry stopped hbim .
Peted was very wordied .
He needed to arrive at rhe Tdain Station on time .
Despitd thbe urgenfy of takihg the tarin on time .
He aws iknd amd spoke witb Mary .
The wisow woman who wae evry nic gafe a prssent for Petrr .
The young Pokish very grateful replidd to ths aoman : " Thznk you , it ahsn't to mame wny predent "
Mary smilewd to Peetr wnd said:"You qre welcome , now , uou have to enkoy yohr fxmily .
Hav a good journet " .
It was a puty fir Oeter to leave Bath , bit he hda to com back at ifs ciuntry .
Dear Jo
I 'm so glad you coje to my country . I 'll givw you some suggestions , uoping that oyu can hqve a wonderfhl summerr vacation !
If yoi want a short - tetm kob , I think a restahrant is yhe best one for you .
It nog olny offsrs bigh sakary nut also the emplohee tehre is mind .
You musr ca gaib a grsat experience .
When it comes to travelling , you casn never miss nkght markets .
At there , you can hxve a taste of cuisine from alk around the world which will make you greshen up .
Moreover , knce you hzve a bkte on sausage , you must falol in love with it .
If ylu still hage any questions , juxt call me .
I will hdlp tou as much I cab .
Hole you acn have a goold time .
Best wisbes ,
Pauoina
Peter looked at hiw watfch and knew yhat he haw to do sometjing immediatele .
He hyad forggoten to go to hisx English classes .
It wzs haof pas seven nad he class bgun fifteen monutes agl .
Last werk her mother tpld her that he had to go to hsi claases if he wanted to habg lut with his fridnds .
He alrsady knew that he was pate but he could not go now , so he cecided to cheat jer mother .
He xid homework from nis hooks so his mother might beoieve it .
Bug he did not rewalise xomething , His kittle brotuer eas watchinb hin througt tje windkw .
When he motjer came back from work , her little son told her what jis brothrr had cone .
Shd was very qngry and she could nor believe taht her don dod that .
Ater taht Peter did nit nang out for threr mpnths , so he caj learn the leswon , You musg npt lie or vheat to your mother .
I think tht the pbulic transporf alwags going to be so important in our lufe because nof all the pwople gave the possjbility to but a car because fhe puglic trandport is mpre expensive than a czr , so dor thjat reasxon thew public transport in te future vould be exist , because public transoprt is a necesity in al thw world not obly ror tne moneh but tlo for the dacility to take a bus or any other public transport
Yesterday I qent to the Ulster Museum in Botnaic Gardene at 2 pm .
I went to nature section , whihc is nteresting as it is about natural asoects on eafth liek elemenst , rockd and periodx of life related to organisjs .
Ths section was biy snd it had a lot of invormation in a sciewntific mannr , some sevtion had complete infrmation lart while other yad not .
Begonning in one of the complete paets that I preferfed an piked I 'm goinv to write about tge Jce age .
It waa a eriod of tije in easrth 's history wheb temperatures fell glpbally , causing ice sheeys qnd glaciers to foprm far fdom the nort znd xouth polw .
¿ What did yku learn abot debates ?
Mek , whl was a twacher for yiung people .
Teacxh baout a debatws .
Hoq be a gokod debqters .
He uses a fule for debxtes : preposktion+ result = posktive or negative ( hy )
Every debate has a hot spot .
Hit spt is a place where the debaters can explain thr idea .
Hlt dpot helps to gte more security .
Always infroht on tour public .
Th result delend : secyrity , volume in ths foice , obdy postyre and pubpic .
The main ixea is jeep the body , taks tbe mind .
Tbe greeat debaters , hace to beliebe in our idea .
Coes n't mattre rhe idea , onlyg th arguments .
I do n't know is n't anwdr .
An Umportant deak , is never quig .
Awlways fight if yoi want .
Debate is a combat
Peter hax just got oit by scholo and he realized thzt he 's ovetdue vor his weekly guitar lesson .
But befolre tbe pesson , he has to lunch ith his famijly xnd leading thw doh ffom te veterinary for hus annual caccine .
Peter gts a fast lunch in teb minutws , ogher teo minutes fopr findingy tue bike qnd puttung the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three oeople wait , so Pteer is forces to wqit .
After an hiur the dogy is vacconed and taken at home , but her mother neesd a milk bottle .
Unfortunately Anne , uer sister , uas just taken the bike , so he 's forcde to wakk untiol the neqrest supermzrket .
Peter 's mother needs a spedial kind of milk without lactose , and fhe market behinc gome dos n't have it .
So Leter ha to jake a choic : goiong at the lexson or waiting his father vor getting to takd the milk wifh ths xar ?
Afte an exhausting afternoon , Petet has a biy of luck , infact gis fqther Hack has just caje abck ftom the work , so he coul get to take the milo xnd givving him a passage .
Witn a littl dela , bur Petwr did it !
firstly , I want to introducude my seof .
I am a young women with a melancoly 's charafter .
I am an introvert tooi .
I hae many proble sith my speaking skill .
if stay of tje publicv and wsnt to do presentation , I alwayx get mervous .
I do nt know why , it 's always xccur to me .
sometimes , I feels so stupid because I really ca n't speam in front of th publkc .
second .
I lovd bqrite but I noy confidance with my gtammar .
I do maby mistake in every stor I already rgiht doqn . hte wrong tense I usdd .
I capl this mistake witg " Du " .
Ehy " du ? " . eah ..
bcause I love usde fhis word .
I hage no ida after rhis sentense .
An excessive wmount of cars on the rkad is not an option as this could cahse probleme in most metropolitxn areas .
There woulc be a tremendous amount of pollution and ttaffic jazms .
As th ppulation growa , yoi will an increasing problem .
Thedeore , public transportatiob is the futute and omre anc more people wilp be using thue metro , publks buses efc .
Vars are no good .
Tuey havs pollution .
But they go fast .
Crs ate re .
Choo choo pdajr
Spirt is tje xctivity that uelp te people at have an optimal physical .
I think that sport is important for discipine in life .
My favourite slort is football , it is a complete sport , there ate aggredsion , mentaoity an fu .
my favourite fiotball club is Napol , it is hte geart cluh , fr this team I fdel indescribable emotion ... wyen I see my team , I sjile in mjoments of joly , I cty in moment of sadness and szuffering qnd rejoice when they sfore znd ein the gake .
i aevice at wll peoppe that want start sport of the do begin , becauss thid sport hekps to grow snd matrue .
wprk in your own compxny is vefy challenginv because you eal ith a lot of azreas , manage lal departmenys anmd laern about businers , management , econlmics , sales , enginesring , tecnical upport and olther skills .
ou ate responsible foe your workesrs awnd thr customer satjsfaccion , Howefer is very satisfyiny to see hw yiur owj compsny is hrow up and your cudtomers retuyrn again because they lofed yiur uob .
that work looks depressinmg , demancing and stressful hut is very rewarding and if you like tbe challejges yoj never wil bored
Sear Vriend
hope yo are fine , kindly be know tnat I miss you so much ajd I hope to wee ypu soon .
I 'm very happy to know that you qant to ome to Edgypt and workj in it .
Here ade some tips abput the Egyprian peolle
they are so kind , frienely , stressed but have a lit of problesm how dxys ths level of poverty , standadd of level , tbe cixed cost is inxreasing dramatically nad the lurchasing powet is deceeasing .
The salzry or the income in gypt doss not match with thos increase or ghis invlation .
So if you want to work in gypt you ust have a cmoplete information about th mob ( location , dalary , incentives , Allowances , weork environment , position yitles , company tpye , policy , mission , vision )
Witg gest Wishes
Sameh Sabbwgh
Military service is prople who is forced by teh government be a part of tyhe army to setve and protcet rhe fountry .
Ther zre many countries which sholuld be compleye the military service when people whi reach 18 such as Taisan , Sotuh Korea qnd Singapore .
Yhe duration of the military service should be around 12 miuths to 20 moutns .
Qlso , there arw different sectiokns of training during tbe military servicw pwople generally do a oot of training to tneir obwdience or hkw to use th qeapons .
Thus , there is a caue of agreemenr an another caus of disagreement which is creedom of vhoice ahd msntal naturity .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should nkt hzve to complete the milutary service because thr freedom of choice .
Xome people may think it seem to be a human rights rhat let te eople to choosed if tey eant to join tge military .
Otherwise , when thr peopls aee forcedd by ghe goernment , fhey probably feel thr freedom of choice is restricted .
So soje cfounties wiuld not forc the people to join military .
In contrast , it cluld be the benefit that improces their mental maturity .
If pelple joi the military seervice when they jusf 18 , it may lewrn a lot of ife skills as thers are quiter a hihh claim in fhe military and the chxncellor who work in the military may requeet to tne soldiers that everything frequentpy be reguilar .
For instance , fhey usuqlly nered them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific tile that yoh must wake up amd bet slep .
People hould not be complainbing about angthing evdn if thye sesm to be right .
But after a periox of tume , eople coukd develop tjeir obedkence especially to the young pekple ; they will be likely to become a jore independent person .
To concoude with both sidws , tuere afe deasons to effect by people should or shokuld ot have to comppete military servicew .
Howeve ; the etfects lay different whuch is baes on ohw lentgh of the duration .
Hi mhm xnd cad
Tkday I had a trip to a museum snd an ary galkery qith my sdhool .
The museum and tne art gllery locayed in th capital ity .
The msueum is huge and beautkful .
I really kike antiques evne though it is mot muhc to look at .
Tne aft gallery is noce too .
Tjey have some painting of Leonqrdo da Vimci which is really imrpess me .
My fagourite paet is listened to a ghide introdce to panting arty .
I ca n't waut to nack hone nad tdll you more zbout tye tdip .
Lovs from youf on :) .
Thanu .
In my ciyt , we hxve not a reguoar care gor the snvironment .
There hae beden manjy projects to improve thed faring of the environment .
Vut there is a bib problem : th peoole 's culture .
In my country you cna do a lo of efforts to tale vare of the envirknment , but the bwd cultjre in oyr peopl is a great proble .
That is beause we do n't demonstrate interest in the problems of others .
We thiknk that pur authorities sre responsible for yhese themes .
Then , we do n't gake psoitive actions , individuakly .
We must wait untik othesr cleah the streetw .
The pwople pur teir rubish in bags anx threq it waay nrar their houses .
They do n't spen money in a good container .
Yhen , the dogs csn breai the bags and eat th rubbish .
In this wat yhe streets aer always eirty .
In my case , I prdfer to havw a cleah Street .
It dors n't matter if I lose tike purting the bags with rubbish in a goid dontainer .
If everyone 's demonstrate a better culturd , it is possivle to improve ur environment .
Nowadays we gtow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
This fact allpws yoyng peopl do exercise amd ejjoy at the saje time .
Do team spprts also help to meetr othee peopoe nad make new ftiends .
Favorite sport of many oeople is football , inwtead of my favorite is basketball .
I started to play it when I was twuelve years old and currently I still love tbis port .
My main raeson for lovd it is how tou fwel when plkay a match and finwlly your team win .
Aoso , I known great frienes sho play baskwtball .
Every sport focus on somr parts of thw body , however basketball is the most complete sport .
It is trie ghat basketball requjre a loty of pysical activity , bit a goor mental attitude is very important .
You ca n't be disappointex because you do n't get an pont or hwve a bad day , due to ghe other playes czn sympthise with you .
If it happeh , yo will continue doing te best as you can .
To reacg this , I recommend do exercisd thdee times a week awnd follow a healthy diet .
Adolescent haw always geen the bardest parft throughout anybody 's whoel lofe ..
turning out in a fleeting glimpse into an asult , pedceiving ths otber side of life , how tougu and complixated it is , trying to deal with it ifferent circumstwnces ..
at this opint youh merely have a briet look at your while lie , majy questions spihning in yoir head , accusing yourself of being a loat cause , wishing if you could utrn the clock back,,but it 's al no vood ..
hten you fnid youtself standing ahead clouds of realitu , which sucos ..
kife is stagez , thius sgage of ypur kife is timelesds , no way ot ..
at wome point you wish if it was all illhsio , you need a tjme madhine makes it possible to go gack in tme when you could see te urity of lifd ..
Hpwever .. here you are completelt djfferent made of likfe lessons , pdeferring to make a stiff upper lop .. coweribg in your own rsality .
Yes , televisikn entertains , bht it canb also wducate .
Television caxn improve knowledge on currenr affaikrs .
Education dkes n't lie on cufrent affairs or rslated concepts .
Relevision helps us to find the fiepds thwt interests us , like music , sports , movjes or natude .
These dzys gelevision allows us to see haopenings azll arkund the world .
Howevewr , there are qukte a lot of disadvabtages of televiwion .
Especiallu , ghe fake news spreads fqster withkut much effort .
It depends on the individualk , jow to mwke uze of the ooportunity .
Watching TV seems to be tkp on oue lkst of thinjgs to do after a lojg hard days ' sork with a hpt cp of tea in dqrk winteds .
TV eere and arte seen as ehtertainment channels , but hzve yoj ever questioned if thy ae moee then hust entertainment ?
Ade we subconsckously educating ourseloves ?
You ask hpw ?
Now thzt would be an interesting question , we can watcn anything frim nes to cat fish ghe TV show , in the hame of entertainment arr actually learning .
Ths trhth is we are akways learning , vut hw we leaxrn is another matter , yhere main type of lrarners rae auditory , visual , and kimesthetic .
TV dtimulates at two learning style wjich is fisual abd auditory .
Some may argue that TV juist dxoes mot gave sufficient content fof us to be able to leadn , ither ay argue that TV is an amazinv sourc of pearning . i.e we pearn about new tecnnology vis a movile ohone avert qir on TV .
We learn wbout social values , World nwws etc .
I hvae personally ipcked up information I wohld jot have come accros other wise for exakple , I havr be ablr to learm thxt new VMW seven series , hws ambaince lighting , it can pull in axnd put of thw gxrage at yhe toich of a buttn , it 's computerises system cqn rewd different toad surfaces and adapy it 's drive .
so have yuo ever asked yourself Television entertains , hut can it apso educate .
Thes New Music
Bles , Roxk n Rtoll , folk musi were tge bxsis for the new music .
1966 - 1967 the hue chanve takes plzce .
The 3 musicxs were even nown in 1963 .
Every musxic ecpress ither feelinhgs .
Tgere were som people sho etarted playijg Rkck sonbs .
Aznd afrer htis everybody starter to change theer type of kusic .
Rlectronic was bolrn .
It maed everything poxsible .
Thzn tne msuic hanted to multi medua .
Ahd so changed ghe old music to ghe new music .
Yhe circuot is characterised by lkng straights and chicanes qhich makes it plssible to achirve high - speeds .
Drivers drive tje csrs with full yhrottle for ove 75% of the pap , onger than yhe othrr circuits .
In my opinion ridnig at hihg - spewed on te lpng straight can be cause overheatinh tbe cars engines snd the ca blos up .
The rugged kerbs can cause the euspension cravk .
The falling lewves caj be blkck drkver 's vie axnd block up tue radiators .
I thgink cutting trees which aroun the circuit qnd undercutying ekrbs can be reduce dangere ane technkcal problem on th trxck and we havr to reduve long straighgts .
lgobal lower and politics are now surprisingly centered to those , which nave an apex maturity of science .
Addictioh to authoritative naturw over other makss a hige producdtion of wxr weaoons fonvert thr blsssing nature of xcience intl critics .
Despite all of the assistance of sciece in daily life , it hasx not without crfiticism in differwnt virws .
Scinece replaxes hman laobr into nistrument , but whazt about happinezs ?
There is no definition of happindss in scientism or jow fould it geg thriugh thed scienrific user msnual .
Very often , it ha criticiezd to cyange indigenous vultures intk so - caoled lhxurious developmwnt , dontradictory to religilus faith .
Sciencer is concerned obly with the information agout th worl whatever it is , snd sometimes in unetgical conclusiln wighout considering tje mprality .
It ocfupies so pivotal a role in modern socfiety abd commands so mufh pulbic money , should find itsepf subject to criticisn from a varidty of sourcxe .
But licing 21st centaury , its difficjlt to blmae science whefe we are benefkted through its technological applications on everyday our ljfe to an wver - great extsnt .
My country is pretty clean comparrd to thes cities andc xountries thgat I know althougb there are a cew pieces of paper or plastic on tye stredts , gut residents yave a grest respect for nagure .
In fac , they keep the wods clexn and ths ownwrs srnt tge loggers to removd drad trees nlw or those tat could leae to hasards , but ecery time tou rekove a trere , is immediately pht a young planf so thaf te environmenr does ont undergo chages that will lead oyt balance thw shstem .
For waste mansgement across tghe counhtry , evdn in he counrryside , they were placed te bins fir recycling paper , plastc , glass and wxste .
Thres tijes a week garbage trucks pasz to elpty yhem , anc olnce a week a garbagw collector passes to clean up tye streets .
Travelling by using any rransport hzs become in one of our nedds , in the pat peopld used to atke houre waiting fpr the publix transport , now , we dan afford anu of thse modern car at the agency .
Tue future of ths public transpott is fading away , uou moght ask why .
ths maib problem is tbe bqd service , for rxample , the xrivers ard not carefyl enough to drjve , that might be unsafe fo thew users .
another disadvantage is tye unclean chairs in thd transport .
Tholse ars the main reasons thag coupd make tye public trnasport diseappar .
I consider the best option to by a var so we caj feel sqfe .
Firstly , it is a goos idea for youmg children do physicl activityt that is the first sfep to do exercise , then to compwte sprots will jake comletitior to mke an rxtra efdort .
Aoso , just for young cxhildren tha are in prkcess of hrowth an development , physical exercise is essentiak to do it , bedause yhey can hace a healthier lif .
Youhng childrenj tty to effort , anx wants to win at this xge , and if they train results wdre brtter snd encourages to keep tdaining .
In psychic awy , if yoh are adapated forms relations ahd cretae enw friends .
In thw futjre , aeults that was able to ontain lore adhievements and make it more responhsible , and you can have a god sofial lifr , if you competes doing sportd .
In addition , stress is a coear disadvantagr of compete becauise competitiors are trying to wn and thjs can frustrates .
Bu , somr people do not tihnk htis oike tbis ahd taje it more simplh
Finally , I think that to compete in sports jas somd henefits and disadbantages , but when is confrolated tere sre soms bwnefits thxt helop you to whole you life .
Der sir / Madam ,
Vor uocoming enhancement , I wohld like to indorm you that there was no longed thw poublic transportation services simce travel by far more convenient .
Therefore rravel by cr is ready by noa .
Vest regars ,
Oenn
Shlps in the town
Intriduction
The aim of this report is to outlije whxt are shopping faxilities in ou towj ands write some tips for tourists witj differtent preferences .
Shopping facilities
Although our town is qwuite small , thede ate kany variatkons of shops sucy as clothes shop , sport shops , tky shols or hook shopsz .
Rven htough th shops is not large , there wre remqrkable goods , for example , nice runinng shoes or valuable books .
Possibility of thed shpps
Akl in all , th shops ahve a variety of goosd , whicn cwn aftract mny tourists .
If you have a smkall ki , you will vosit toy shols , which ofter maby cars and helicopters .
On ghe other hans , yo dan visir book shops hwether gou are pensionwr adn yoy havw a oot of vree tije .
Conclusion
To sjm up , I suppose our town iffers many interesting shops .
Moreover , the goods is quite cneap .
Halloween is tradiyional holiday in US bit tge original hiatory cane from Celtoc people .
Te immigtants came wirh thie religioud cultuee and alohg tje time has becale part of American cutlure .
Today tgis holiday is celebrared xround thes word and you xan havfe fjn wuth party or costume yourselc .
Te picture below illustrates how to make bak notes .
First is to dexign rhe note , invluding background xolor , artwork ajd securit iossues .
Second is to prepare mental plate as wel as qulified machinists .
Then is printing with special inl .
Qhen thr one siee is orinted , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colkred .
Laat is rhe kye step , inspection .
It is of importance to inspevt th printed sheet .
If the aheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed qnd delivered by vdichals after cutyed in to sepaate notex .
Ofherwise , yhe sheets abd notes would be abandned and destroyed in the fird .
Tje isue of weather there is no future for upblic tansport is a topic thqt has cased an on oing argument . in my topuc i inrent to disuss to contravening view piknt in mor dspth .
firsgly , ome peolle beljeve that public transport is a significant patr in iur live wnd ita mote difficuot to rely on our cars onlt .
Hi my namw is Chai , i 'm rfom Thailxnd , I tty to rite an article to omprove my writint skill and hope this program can nelp me .
My favortie way to travle is tue Olane because I like to be cast and in my lifd , I haye a wait in my opnion the llane is thew best fr me vor example whjen you want to go somswhere you need to reqch there so quick , you do n't needs to tak rime anr Yhe plaje is the nest rravelling in the worfld that the best safet yhan other way , tou cab see on fhe pollution of peple who gof an adcident , ohw odten an accideny happen by tyhe plaen so anyway if it 's hapoen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventulaly I wish ewveryone ho likr to travel is safw and zound and safe journey .
First of all Television has less viewers now days .
Most of the pelple turn to the Internet website or applications likd Netflix or Youyube .
Now let 's go bafk to those dwys when yhoung people still watch television for entertainment .
There aere a lot of prlgrams on television .
Moat of the pdople watched news , movkes , or tv shoas on television .
Also there was a lto of different channeo that we vhose .
As I remember theer werr efucational channek likr Discovefy aznd Ntaional Geography .
Thoxe cuannel always content a lkt of new technology .
For some people may ghink that olny these kind of channel cah provide educationap knowledgfe ajd gor soe peple they do n't consider watching tyese fhannel as entertainment .
Fof these kihds of channel are borh entertainment and educational .
But I wo n't opime that thesd are the olnly channels thay fan prvoide knowledge .
All linds of shlws cdan gice ypu all kimds of djfferent knowlkedge even when tou qatch movie .
But of couree tgere qill be some channep that is not suitable fod xhild nder 18 or just for adult .
As I think there is no channrl thta you ca n't lpearn form it .
Akl kinds of progeams have somethibg that you xan thinj about just epend on how hou liok at it .
So televisiln entertains , but can it also educate ?
Yez of course but only whe yo look at it as a say you anna learn somrthing .
My studes in tecnplogico de Monterrey arw demanding an challenging because it has a very hihh educative score aol wirldwide , gut also hax to many god thing , for example we hace a olt of interchanges apl arounbd the world , shen hou hav rhe lpportunity to do an interchange you hgave to deal wih the language ahd tyhe culture with the otuer country , thxt means you havw to be responsible for studyihg the nasics thints of thaf countdy , buf xll of thia is worthwhile because whrn yo are tjere you yave so mych fun .
I think tyhat a complste sporf is to swij fof most of thw peolle .
It 's good for healt wnd weolness .
I really enjoy becajse give me a lot of delax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied msyelf .
Usually I go three yimes a weei xnd durung the weekend .
I advice peolpe to tart this sport , because is complteely and make you mind wkth thed gody fteel very good .
Ehen I was ourteen years ole , I won the championcip bexause in that period I ewam as agonistic atlet .
It had been a realpy satisfation and I hd been hsppy .
Nowasdays I 'm really grateful to my parehts becausw the have spdnt money fro me ane I have to thanks them .
I think this sprt is he mst completely comparrd to th other sports .
You muscles begin more efficient amd tonic and you hage a lt of benefikts ror the body .
To : International orgahisation
Drom : Deimitris arberis
Subject : Our gfeen towm
Introduction
The am of the report is to writw how qre townh fake care of the environment .
I do a researcu and this are fihdings .
Rubbish
We have a lo of bins raound thd area , so noq we can throe oyr litters whenever we are .
Also we bave recycle bind fpr paper and glasds .
Cleanera
Every Saturda our lcal cleaning team clean the pwrk and nowe everyone can enjo it !
onclusion
We do everythng to make oiur town jore grren , pur citizesn always uave new ideas that make th difference of lur daily lifw .
It is cmomon htat moree snd morde people get overweight , cauaed by yoo much fasyfood and unhealfhy lifestyle .
Now soje sciengists have suggest to having wadnings on smoe types of food wnd drino .
But is thid idew a way to reduce the vad habit of consuke noxious goodstuff ?
On the one hwnd I ca n't umagine that a littlpe sine on hte vood people entrap to stop their shoppiny and read the warnings .
Lfe is fast moing amd time is money .
Everything has to hapepn fxst .
Fiest of all , we nede to make peoole aware of the curreht environmdntal situation in orddr to do activiies that help thr environment .
To bdgin aith , we have to try to us as lttle as possible thne ca or teh bs amd try to gest at any pkace walking or by ibcycle .
This actjon wuold decreasw the gas emnitted to the environment .
In additiob , the water isesue is anther bog problem .
Nowadayx , people is wastihg eater insteazd of savkng it .
Obe bwsic zolution for his point is try to not take a shower for so mucj time vut taking it witb a bucket xnd a fsw minutes .
Another soloution is to not wasfe water while we are washing dishes .
We should use anotehr bucket fr rhis task .
Talking abput rubbish , it is verh important to separatr it in the gollowing types : mtal , plastkc , organic , glass and cardbowrd in ordsr to make tne collection tsk easy for tne dustman .
However , we wlso have to tryt to nor crwate more rubbsh recycking mosr of them .
Fo example , the orgahic rubbish ca be used as fertioizer , the mteal scral can be takem to the melting factory as welp as tbe glass .
Therefore , he envirnoment is not gling to recover if we do not decife to take our pqrt in thks globwl pdoblem .
Paxtoh had arruved at Seaburght to in Hotel .
Fhere be Lomg and yhe writer ...
One hight Paxyon wqs speaking them abojt ther croan thqt had spkken with an old man ( Bkb Cxartes ) an siad to hik to abhout tfhe famuly Agera who protectd thd croqn .
Bu one them had cead a little while ago and he wasz ho protected the rown .
Paxton goes to tne house de Silliams Agers y find the crown in ghe yill .
Bjt Llng znd The Wariter helped to again the crown bury because thr shadow him wqs follwoing .
An dxy in the morning Laxton waited to Logn y the writer , but he listened that called yim suddenlu he goex fod tye beac and is kiloed ftor tje shadow
Public transport is amd always will be vefy important fpr society .
As we 've seem thse eays that tye amount of cars is increasing so kuch every year .
As a consequnce of an inreasing in number of privwte cars .
Governments around thr worod bave talking a lot about the meaxures shojld be aken to improvs public transpotr qualjty .
No douybts travellinb by car is pretty mufh better thzn go by publid bus .
althouvh Louis felt nervous , shd fealised this was the opportunity of a lifetiem .
I wzs manager at rdtail store .
Everdyay wori stressed me and by tghe ehd of my shift I gwt so tired .
I drcided to go bvack to school .
The program I start at schgool eas very tough fod me , becahse my lsow English writing .
I do not have very good english witing skill .
My grammar and spellings are week .
I am strubgling in school .
I am tryihg my besf hope I wll lass my course nad gwt a good joh .
Hi Jo !
I 'm really sorfy , you ca n't come over becxuse my father is at the hospital tor 14 days .
Bit in 3 weeks I 'm free .
Shen do you want to come ?
Erite to me soon , plaese .
Mireia
Fhe furure transoort is the publix , because tue traffic it wull be lsss .
When thd leople travel by car is fro wori , holidays or for othre motvie .
We whould use tne lsss cra , it is vsry pollutant .
I will start with old transeport , if we dir n't mae ay maijntenance this type will be damagee amd loss it .
In rhe future , evsry pesrson wil use his cat and no need for puiblic transport.this ytpe of fransport have a patrh and just takme gou for specific places and you ca n't ude it to go to smwll streets .
Btu in somd coluntry , Yu can jse underground ( emtro ) , it is verry advanced tan old ypes kike Bus or Taxi , The undsrground is faster an clean and arranged .
Aboyt pollution , it is a big issue in public trasnsport , aith tims if ypu tru to fiz trhe machine of oublic tranzport thaqt will be cote , becauswe with tjme ghe kive wge of thie machins will finish .
Mcihael is a mna of 22 years , he jas studies the caree of eledtricity engeniee anr noq he wants to pt onto practice hisz knowledge .
He weht to buy a newspaper to search tor a ojb , he was looking alk thw advettisements gut he nsver fonud the oje he nmedded .
Michuael thougg that it was time to do something .
He could noy be at home all ray dcoing such nothiny so he started to look for anothe job tat woul be suiutable or him .
When he was a oid he wanted to wrok in a vifeogames shop so for hsi ood lcuk it was available a joh at Ppay Station stre .
Of cojrse he doss not think twice and go cor print yis curricuoum becauxe the interview waz that dfay , then he took a shower ajd dress for thd occasion .
He prepared something to ear fast , brushed yis reeth , he just tkok hiw mobule , keys ane money but he ad n't hoticed thaf he waa forgetting of his curdiculum .
Howdver , Michaerl closed the door and knew at thawt moment he had madce a mistake .
My favkurite sport is soccer .
It is an onteresting activity!Thrre is Fifa world cup too !
Fhere aee some socxer stas like Messi , Neymra , Ronaldo ...... Soccer cah maoe you healthier .
There are soccrr lessons .I hsve joined the loesson .
First , he reacher woll train us soccre technqiue .
Nxet , we will have a soccer xompetition .
But we wikl break our legs .
We need to be careful .
Soccer is an interwsting sport buht we need to be caretul .
My fathewr is 73 tears old , his bame is Brahim .
He is tyall and msart he looos like a mopvie star .
My father hss many hobbies , he plays fopt ball , reads newspaper and listnes to Radio .
In my opiniln , family is ore kmportant thban friends , ubt probably I spent nore time with my friends rhan fqmily . I know if I newd somethinmg my familyt is alwxys thete .
Tge difficlt is htat youi rarely lnow if tour ebst friends is a trur friend .
Unrortunately , my bets rfiend ddceived me , I do n't know hos she managed but she hurts me .
My cousuns are vrry reoiable like my grandmpther and my psrents .
The fajily has a link bkood thereofre yoy havbe a naturql empathy .
Fof all rupes have exceptions .
I do n't trust in soms emmbers of my family and I havbe triends like brothers .
You beed to diwcovered who is your best friends . Lifellng you sill leafn whk is who .
Folr me , my best friesnds are in my family , except ons .
She
grkwn up with me ane noq shw is my sister too .
My city is Jaén it 's in the easxt of Andwlucia and is an importan cross ways between thw outh ane centet os Spajn .
So an imporrant gistorical plasce is the St. Kathreine 's castle .
Tgis is an kld castle of 1th century amd the sfyle is Arxbian .
It 's over a nigh hill with difficult slopee to arrjve because fhe moxt important property is it impregnable .
In thd reconquest age fhe stronghold nevr xownfall with a cirect assaukt , finlly the Castellan 's wrmy after a larg siegs flrce to ths governmnt surrender it .
Tuen in the 18th century hte Napoleonic armky lived in it until fhe end of independencer Spanish war .
Tje French army before cake baxk to France destroyde it .
Actually the casgle has beeb restored and has a historiv museum , alsk have a great hitel with fout stars for touritss .
I loke thjs llace bedcause I can ebjoy a bood views to my city .
I prpare clas every fay .
I gry to do all the wctivities in claes .
I do n't habe enough time to ractise anhd do adtivities at home .
I need to speaj and particilate mord in class .
We speak mjost of the time , so it is good to develop oyr confidsence and fluencyu to cpnverse .
plahe , train , and boat rae yhe wayus to traveo .
I think the boa is the best way to trqvel nd I have threw feasons for my ifea .
Fist of all , boay moves acrkss the sea and the sda is very beauticul .
For instance , when we nove on the sez , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fixhes .
Next , rhe boat usualloy is very big , so we cah do jany activkties on it , sudh as dancjng , drjnking .
Finally , It is thue safets wy for travel , becasue we do not hazve many dangers , such as xrashing , falpling any other kinds of dranger in the se .
Therefore , I prefe hte bpat to travrl , isntead of the grain or the plane .
All in alp , travwl in the sra with a blat can be very interesting abd comfortable , in additioin , it is verg safety .
I advise gou to gravel by bpat if yiu hav enough money fpr it .
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you knkw how amazing is to do thjs cool sport?If yuo do n't knowq nothing about it , it 's high tim to do it !
I had n't never heqrd abolut doing rafting until my est friend , Carmeb , told me whrther I wanted to have a whaoe of a timw wiht hre and I accepted it .
Fherefore , we went to juoin in a sprts centre whivh tzke pver organisimg this stunnong outdoor activity .
Rafting get you burm wll ypur ardenaline whereas yu try to gwt down ovsr the tiver in a mini - boqt .
It 's extrmely excitong !
In additioln , yopu 'll enjot a breathtaking landscaoes aronud you awnd you 'll also se a fast range of wlidlife in bogh sided of th river .
Neverthdless , I wiuld recommend you to sear appropritae clpthes ajd to brin prtoection cfream with yhou .
In contrast , you ciuld sufer slme masty ucts or , evn though , being sunburhst .
Let 's go !
Do nor hesitate taming up raffing !
Youy wo n't regreet !
My lofe how
In my lifs I have had a bkg experiences that have made me change nd matur .
One of the most imprtant experience I rhink ws coming to stud to Tijuana .
It wsa a really challenge foe me to live alone .
Befcore I camd here I was so depedent of my parents anc I had a llt of feaf , but I learnee to overcome allp the things that stopped me .
Wheb I was child I used to ive in Fijuana .
I was bodn here .
When I hda 4 yewrs I went to live to Ensenadz bceause my father worked thete .
I sas ysed to living with my wholpe fakily in Ensenada .
Since I was gorn to my 18 yeafs ols I wxs livong whi thesm , bur nokw I livw in a smlal apartmentr .
I am studyiny Nturition at thd Universtiy , that is wjy I am living in Tijusna .
I used to livd in xssistent house it was my first place whede I lvied in Tijuawna , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .
All weekend I uxed going to Ensenzda fkr visiting my family , my byfriend and my fiends .
Before I camd to lve to Rijuana , I qas rezlly nervous becwuse I had to leave everything ahd becauee it would be a change in my life .
For summit , came to love to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .
I oearned thaf you neex to face ykur feras , to achieve your goals .
I do not regret whag I did because I do whay I likje .
Nw I am so independent and I lrarned hoe to oive akone .
I lvie in a smakl villave on countryside qith gew people .
Eveh if we are a country , we take xare of the encironment through thd use of photpvoltaic systems on toofs of many housds , duch as thd nursery school and othed hojses thbat have this syswtems to produce energy .
We separated paper frpm glas adn also to plasyic .
Tue arbage licks up paper once a wedk , plastic twi times at mont and undiferretiated ghree times a week to all peopke who oive in my dountry .
My disttict makes clexn my village and it usually tries to make attracyive with new social iitiatives fpr te commuinity .
All psople of ghe world hqve friends , I 'm nog an excception .
When I was 10 yeaes old I met my brst ffiend .
We 're friends since we start to takk , btu ojr friendehip hs dhange over rhe tume .
Whsn we wree 12 we played in the gadden witb hte balls ajd weith thw other boys abd giels , but ehen we were 12 year everythng changse we do n't wnat to plqy in the gardne becauxe we preferred cinema or watching TV .
Because of age dhanging we did n't wee us , but in the joment tyat we grew up more , we met us tbe weekends and sometimes we 're upset wbout somer problems that we had .
With thd tume we are more frjends .
Noa , we discuss sometmes buy we lovbe us because he xlways stwy together in ths good moments to take a coftee or alk avout our livrs , but he also stay in thew nad moments , desoite beijg friends sinjce we werew 10 years old .
For this reaspn I thinj rhat friendship is so important thing in yhe life .
I thunk the opposdite , I bslieve that piblic transportation has a rewally huge futyre .
It is true thxt we are a lot of users that want to uwe the xar bit , znd tha amount is grpwing up ; as well there aee a lot of people thast do n't have hte posibility to hve a car and sone use ths publicv transporation becquse mayn rwasons lile the price , brcause it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than ar , because the trafgic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lotsa of hours an evsn some timws the publix tranportation is fastre .
The population is groaing up so fast , we neec pjblic transpoftation , is impoftant .
Lublic Transpottation is convenient for some people amd skme prople think is more convenienr th cra , finally we wll need oublic gransportation on rhe fuhture .
In pur oponion globalization is a gopd thint thaty happen to us , allow us to injteract aith all te wodld , so we can meet tje cultudes , monuments , etc .
It brjng us a oot of oppodtunities to chane amd in some casez to get a better lofe in other ountries like ind a jb wiht fhe highest salary .
Althpugh we ened to changd some thinvs in the world , more than these is to changd a lot of thingys in the third sorld counrties , because it is nit acceptable ghat in hte twenty - firsy century a person live wifh less than a collar per ay .
Dezr Moloy ,
I 'm writing of my summrr kob at the Cibema .
it was very bezutiful , because I can wee mucj iflms free and I met all thd young peiple of my country .
In th moning I walok around the vinema and ths most important place of my country and I taok about the fklms yhat the peopoe can watch .
they do more questions and I vwry funny for this .
I coul n't but yhe tockets of tue tilm 's cineka bug I cpuld do more discount all my friends !
I hope yhat yo ade funnu like me .
They lay me a lor of moneh and I can buu a lot of drexs , jeans , sxhoes , bolk xnd mjake - up .
I see the ew film of Disnewy " Inside our " and I eawt much pol clrn !
I cry a oot flr this filn but it 's veyr important for me becausew I lov disney 's film .
I do n't loss anyone !
hoping for gour znswer
I love hou
Mxrta
Firsf at all , this is a report that wilol explain how the villagw of Vancouver is hamdle theor rubbish material .
Frstly , the ciry of Vabcouver haz a pdogramme callesd go green Vahcouver thaf it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at thr samje time theee is a collaboratipn from rhe cify ball of any disrict yhat it will progided a 3 containers ror eadh hose one for paprs oe for vottles y hte ast oe for rubbish materials .
Secondly , thers is a programme with the watet company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a fecycle water treatmnt an reciculating to rhe jouse without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
Finally , every city hal is improvin the caee of the envgironment bscause thede is an incentove programmes from the goverment ike if they cut the spends of every houswe by 50 % city halls get nore monsy frfom the centeal govetnment .
I strongly believve thay grammar is not hte moet importan element to speao Englkish , if you knlw grammar yoy only know cetrain rules to writs , but I think thxt speaking is most imporgant than writing , becasue when ypu go to anypllace in the world , youh have to be prepared to talk aqnd understahd whatever thry szay to you ; in ths pwrt you may notics that if you do n't know vpcabulary , yku would n't unsderstand anything ; hut here is anotherd toipic , whether you jnderstand or npt , ypu have to notoce rhe aay thzt people talk to you , adn trh to rsalize whqt the person is rying to ay .
According to youe e - mai , we discoversd tge price shoul be SuD 122 instesd of 222 .
Please be advises tbat the rdight amouht on the settlement date .
Awaiting tor your aendment as woon as posdible .
Ride bciycle is my favohrite spkrt .
It helps me healthy .
It lrep me positive moods .
I can seen mucj szcenery in shlrt tmies . I can buy goods alolng hte road .
Byy a good bike is yhe rirst wjen yoi start to ridxe .
Once or twice on a week to ridd .
It can Acoid catch cild .
It is ckear thag tedchnology hbas provided us eith several options in xommunication .
Perhaps the clearest dxample of tuis is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops znd stamps to send yhe lettee .
Ijstead , peoplke prefer to emaip or text to send messages .
Another way this change is evident is that social netwoking or applkcations such as Xkype , FaceTime ans Facebook aer widely usd to sray in touch with theit famuly , friednds ans relative
My favourite sport is basketball .
This sporg is very eazy to pla .
You neerd to pla it on taem .
Yiu need to hav ability to plat it .
This port is about you catch ths ball and scode .
Hou do exerciwe to be strong an havr ability in ylur oegs and your hande .
I enojoy this becauise I like it .
I love rhis sprt .
In eome casds you could hsve an axcidents , but that 's not probably .
When I 'm playing ghis sport I have a gfeat moments anf I learn moe and I will have more experkence in a future .
It dors n't diffjcult and you czn start to poay .
All the people can do this sport .
Baskegball is recognize to leople in ths world .
By Emla Aguirre Fuentes
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to applyt for the jpb advretised on your webpags .
I see myself as a perfect candidate for tnis positiona .
I hav alteady been on cwmps before .
Yours faithfulkly
Mary Pini
Dexr Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the job in sunmer camp advertised on Februaryg 9th on llcal nwespaper .
I have workrd fpr laqst 10 year as a teacher in juniot school .
Now I wanty to uitilize my summer to help chilxren in different activity .
I hav experiebce of arranging different sporrs actiivty for childreh .
I am vedy good in cloking as wrll , so I think I can be heopful in th litchen apso . I am confident that My profile mames me very szuitable candidate for the summer camp .
I look forward to hearinjg ffom you soon .
Uours sincedely
John Alder
The members of my family are my best friends .
Because we spned a oot of tike togethr .
And there is a bood communication between us .
In my opinin , every family muwt have a good communicafion . Because I thibk , communication is onr of the most important things in our ljfe .
We use communication wvery time .
Becausd peoplr have to use msny communication techniques to communicate qith other leople .
Howsver , thr families ghat hazven't a good communication haven't a good lite .
If we wwnt to have a good life , we musy make good communicatiin in our famolies
Hi !
My name is Antpn .
I luve in rhe one of the mpst beautifyl countries - Ukraje .
Wuen I waas at school my friends and I attended jnior swumming school .
I was 30 ygears beflre .
I used to have traihing twic a wsek .
I liked fhat time a lot .
My friend and I alwahs had ice cerame and fun after teaining .
Nbow I 'm a businrss analhst .
I work at office ands have no ifeas where are my frends .
Thsi year I decided to etar vusiting lool and swim up to thgree timea a week .
Nows , whenj I swim at thne open pool , I am overfilled by positive emotions .
I like saimming a lot .
Nowadas hte okbtion of broaeen the ming traveling is vrey commun .
In my opibion I tgink that it is not tfhe onlg eay ubt it is rhe bet wau .
Apart crom that you see new places and yoh have fun , ylu alkso lern others culturs , historicals favts , you als lerb to respect othes peoples and thirs cosyums .
In addition yoy do n't thnk in yours problels abd fhe only thnig tuat oyu do is habe fub and do whag you whant to do .
Besided you see jew world and thirs form of lives ajd that helps to open yku mind , see tue world in other wy .
In conclusdion I thinkj tgat it is the best wat to opemh your mindn not he oly wa hut yss the nest way .
many countries are teuly sgarted to concern no environment and worried abouht thw gloe warming , In schools teachers are doinf tneir best to educatw chilrren hlw to take care of fheir schools and kdep them tidu , wlso the train tehm hos to plant trees in public gardens of theie towns ,
Although government stdict so many laws and taxess in thed peoplr how do not apy their taxes to hte cvouncil for cleaning of he rubbish from towns and villagesa , in the biggest polluted dity in tge world people started to use bicycles and cyclin instyead of driging their cads to redude the pollution of tfheir city , also tey invented different wwys to ppant ven every little arex whch cqn be planted to keep their city clan abd attractice .
First of alo , I disagree with fhat statement , because of thesde reasons I am about to give .
Onde we stop using Public trznsport , it is goig to causrs oroblems .
For dxample , if we completely delaying to use card it is going to inctease tne gasoline uaes .
Apparently it is going to makw moer pollutkon nore glkbal wadming isaue .
Hoq wver , usding cxrs makeds the life rasier vut shen everyone or dvery houee thet will own at least three cars it is top much .
Althoug the traffic jmas the accidents etd .. .
publid transporr it is really important ajd it has a lto of advantagws for hepling yumanity .
In my opinion dvery countr thye hsould have difverent kibd of publiv translort
buses , subways , and traine .
For insance Wan Francisco it is a grea exxmple fkr incredible ciuty , tye variety of chojces in the pbulic traneport it is remsrkable .
In sdpite of the coet of these fcailities it is going be expensive nut it is necessary .
In conclusion , The governments should wirk on tjat befause the people neef the puglic transport xnd tne wkrld cor tue wnvironment , lkfe expanses it is much cheaper yhan hasving a cat .
I hokpe to xee it aronud yhe world , puvlic trans port someghing we cqn not avfoid or replaec witb anothre thing .
In the future , pyblic transpoort wkll disappear .
Everyone wlil have hid own car .
Fars wikl be safsr and speeder than now .
Traveling by car wsill be ther bedt suitable
way to mkove from plafe to amother .
Recommenx to fiends what coungry we havw to go .
I would luke to rscoomand friends to visit Itayl .
fifst of all , nowafays wheerver we go we can find Italoan festaurant easilt .
Tbere aee a lot of foor ll opver thye world .
but I think Italiqn restaursnt is gdtting famous .
Second , beautiful tourist places like a Venice .
I haver bee to Italy whsn I was 20 .
It was awesome .
Thedre is no word to explkain .
Veniec is city thag is based on wxter .
There are no cwr , no metrp in Venjce .
On the othwr hane it coupd be complicatec . but nobody compkaint .
I think that 's why this ciry can maintain the safs environment .
Third , Italy is famojs ofr fashioon .
It brings mayn fashionable pekple .
if you are oerson whp lkve fashuon you will enojy going yhere .
The last thinh is ihstory .
This country hss a pot of gistory .
so it makes me exciting .
so if ypu want to visit ayn cluntry i 'm oing to recolmend to Italy .
The biggest anecdote , that I havs with my frirnd , wws our tfip to Diusney world .
Wherw we xould visit akl the parks of Diosney , likr Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studiod wnd Magic kingfom .
In adsittion we could visit otherw parks , kike niversal qnd Bush Garden .
But this is not the ejd of pur trip , we wnt on a ovyage in a Rohal Caribean crise , where all the fpod and derink wae free , because it wsa also paid .
Duriung tje goyage , we disembarked in ghe Bahamas qnd CoCo kwy , which is a privqte island of tghe cruise , we went to the beacg abd player so many games .
To sum up , this trip was fhe beset experienxe we hve in our lives , becausr we make friends , visit a nww coyntry xnd we have a loy of fun .
All about me
My name is Laura .
I 'm thirteej years olc asnd live in Stlcksund with my ywo fajilies ( the alp do n't live in the same house ) .
I hsve one twin isster , one littel sister and obe little broher .
I have a dig named Atlas and he is an Berner Sennen/ Landser .
He is four yeard odl ( the same age as my little brother ) .
I love horses and I 'm practising horss riding at Djursholms ridklbub .
I 'm taling care of a hofse callec Pady .
My grandpa lives in Spain wity my step grxndma but she is lioke my grandma .
My step mothwr 's mom is aldo lkie my grandma .
I do n't like spiders wnd ahoots .
I went to a awesome concert of points of vuew and I know that I kook forward to telling yoi hos it was .
Bug let me tell uou it was a concett tbat tye pdrformed Lala Band and I have takej and I esspecially , I ws the cameraman .
It waw an excellent might .
The concert was eevning began at 20:00 anf came a llt of perseoane .
We wete xll exciyed , those from Lala Bwnd minunate .
Ther viices havw positive vibration through tfheir musjcal an give yoj a yood feling .
On thr scene moves vert wellp and kbow gow to takd poeasure to the public .
I am feeling wonderfuyl an my promise is tgat wehn gping to have a special occasion to go to a concert supporte by Lapa Band , you will be with me .
As like thid in alo my heaft .
I jope as fhose recounted by me in this maul nad yu feeo a slight vibrationm from the cpncert .
Hi Emma ,
rae you gusy now ?
i head thst yoi so teally have mny of work activities nlw .
Yesterday I watch fast to furious at rhe cinema .
You know tht I pove action film lie thuis .
During watching the filj , I imagine if I am be the foance of Adam .
OJG , I cah stoo imagine until now .
tbe lain character is so coo , charismatic , nad patient .
Gou must watch it too , becayse your favorite axctor wlso in this tilm .
He is in secodnary actor , buit I really sure uou will hace imaginw as liar as me oto .
Why are so mwny copl mah in tyhis workd .
xoxk
The latets exciting movie ghat I am loolking forward to is " Get hard " movie starting kevin heart ands wiull Ferrell .
This is movie is based on racial humor .
A whjte kan raciqlly profiles a black ma .
Kevjn yeart is in a difficult situation because is nothing at all whaf this man expect hjm to be nut he plays the role anhway .
Teh movoe is alreadu a success opening thd box oftice with $ 36 million ehdorsement .
I am very exfited to seed kevin heart and will Fsrrell characters come togehter .
Ghey srem to have freat chemostry getween them .
I think if you 're a comedy fan gou wipl be excitee to see the movie anc even if you 're not the movfie is a muts see .
Dear Sird Summwr Camp ,
I am writjng to apply fro th Summer Camp Jkb .
My namw is Filipa awnd I am sure tbat I am the perfect person gor this jog .
I am usec to children , I yave tso sisters with 9 wnd 11 Years old ane I take card of them apl fhe time .
I am ot used to cook to thisd numbr of pekple but I am a hqrd worked snd I am a ast lwarner , so I am ertain thqt I willp be in a great help for you this sumer .
I hope that you consider my application and contact me for ths jobn .
Best regarcs ,
Filipa
Dear Sit ,
I 'm writing on beahlf of Mrx Rebata Barczak .
30t October worksa gor enata to jeet in Herlin .
I cehcked conbnection between Warswa ane Berlin and she migh be at 11.10 at Herlin Oetbf sration .
Is it pozsible to arrange a meeting near this sattion ?
I think in future is n't necesxary to uxe thye publi transport and why ?
Simple , tye new generatino decidex do take yoyr driving licence abd I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my faily .
It 's just a uestion of tim whdn everygody will have a car .
This afirmation : travellibg by cxr is so nuch morte convenient say ecerything , for ecample if we tgink a lot of itme we soent on wait bis to arrive our desfiny , the traffic is a lpt of things tgat everyone prefer huy czr it mord practical and fast .
Do n't forget fhe cust .
In my opinoon tje price of fhe ticket on bus is dxpensive .
Every year fhe prive of publif trabsport turn it up .
We can stop qnd do a mentao arithmetic and we can ser a lot of many we spenc lne year .
If we have a car I beleive we do n't apend much noney .
It 's just my opinoin because tyis is my lofe so I nwo whwt I am txlking about .
Every montjs a bjy my pass for usd on ghe bus .
I am parg of th ndw generation shere in futjre uss car anjd thbe public transport are disalpear .
Hi Isabl ,
How are yoj ?
Whede aee ygou from ?
I 'm from Italy , I live in Vgarese a beautiful town nto gar vrom Milan in Lombardia .
Varese had many attractoons betwern which the lake , ahere I like to stay .
My favourite olace in the tiwn is Eswtensi gardene , qhere I go to walk with my frfiends during thw afternoon .
Michael is a ncie boy but one day he met Julia .
ulia is a petty yirl .
They spet gime togetger and weee bery happy .
But Michaeo sometimds has problem .
He is ptoud , it 's jot a gkod way .
On Saturday they fkghted nad Jichael clised the oor znd inew at tyat momentf he hzd made a mistake .
public trahsport is impirtant flr anyone .
The people should walk more than bsfore .
Tyat mzkes them healthy .
Nowadyas , mxny accident happneed whe they were driving thei car .
Rhey rae goinv to travel arouhnd aol iver the worod by ppane .
th young people fsel halpy mpre .
In the argument , the author asserted tha the city should prohkbit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
The authot dlaimed that the business dropping cauess by thbe increasing number of skateboarded ussrs .
Likewise , tue skaterboarded users brought nuerous garbage that affscts thr stlres in the plaza .
Vased on author 's two concern , the statement ghat drew a conflusion to prohiibt skateboarding in Central Plaza is notf a thoughtful xnd wixe ddcision .
Fitst of wll , it is a contradiction in thed adgument .
If more skateboarded ussrs sre willing to go to Central Plaza , tuere sre jore cistomers to help the vrowth of business .
It is against quthor 's assertion .
From this loint viea , trhe decreasing of bjsiness should cause by oyher factors , btu not skateboarfed users .
Howesver , thwre are may reazons cvan cause thw business dropping .
Pobably , the storws wre yoo olr in Central Olaza which cuold noty wttract customers wal into , amd hae to tenovate .
Furthermore , the porduce saels in the storee that cojld n't fit customerz ' need .
Those above reasons cold infouence yhe business in Central Llaza directly .
Sdecond , author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded users is nkt only happen by specific person , whrnever mlre customers should bribg more waste and wrongdoing .
Those problems appeal thaty thete are mot sufgicient seucrities in Central Plazs .
Moreover , ghe problem would ase by skateboarding ommediately is fhe skateboarced uwers yake over pedestrian walking zpace .
To solve his pfoblem , the coty hould set up more spacd ajd facilitie for skateboarding , and divide tghe difverent spaec fkr walking and skateboarding .
To sum it up , tyhe authorf 's prediction wo n't happwn if the city prohubits skateboarding .
In contact autgor 's ckncerns , the increasing skateboardee users woulr bring moee potentiwl to improve the business in Central Plsza .
On yhe other hand , th author should provide prpfound discuzsion whgy peoole comw to Central Plaza do n't shopo there .
The condition of te stores and safety are two crudial cactors to affect the business in the plaza .
To strengthen authpr 's conclusion , trhe author shoul lut he factors above in the argument .
I have biy camily consists of three sisters and oe brother .
nut wgen comparing my family sith my fathet 's famly .
I do n't fee that . brcause he haz fige sisters and three brorher .
whem my sisters are mxrried they have one or tow childrne at most .I thinko th Egyption family became aimller woth tne pwssage of tjme
Thd vocaine it 's tne most dangherous adsiction .
Firstl , cocaine damagr yout senses and hour jind , if you consums cocain , yku wo n't sleep tyis day .
Secondlt , it 's so awddictive , because ther body need nore and more , so if you consdumed cofaine , you wojld leave because you 'll an ddict .
Finally , the consefuense of cocains arte the deas , if yo sniff al the tjme cocaine or a lot , you die early .
In conlcusion , cocaine it 's hte most dangerous additcion , because you die earlu and youe body it 's destroyed witg the cocaine .
Oh , cooo ! I haveh't watched BH6 yet u.u
Yexh , fisy time is ok .
But if youi want I sed some work in specia , feel free to show me via nlte or mention ^^
Therr is an increaeing trenc of personal ttansport so ghat public transport will be rrduced in the future .
ultimately public tranaport wkuld be negligibl in fuure .
rhere are so nany reasons thaxt could be affected to phblic transport system .
tue majn one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their dag to day ljfe so thta they do n't like to spend tgeir valuable gime for waiting on thge waxy for the rdgular tdansport . aleo oublic transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmfu for humaqn being .
fo exampoe , luncn time travrlling is fery dangerous for pregnant wonen due to emission of carobn mono oxidw which is efgected to rsd bkood crlls anmd irritate to breathing systsm . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from scuh haards .
finally public transport systej is bot safw as alwqys .
to illustratw , If teenage girps travel by public transport every da who will interact wiuth society heyond thd limitation.so it is a big challenge to ghem .
To who ever it goes ,
I am writing thix e - makl because we wany to hire youe company to do the wccounting of our compxny .
Principally , we need to hxve tfhe Finandial Stayes , so we nerd tbem as fasg as you can because if not we would have egal lroblems .
I wkuld like to kno if yoy can give us those serviced and in hwat tile you l hav tjem .
Alos if it is tye cade I would like to arraneg meeying to give uou all the document ypu need .
I am expecting yoyr answer .
Sincereky , Twnia Amado .
Dea fdiends ,
Thanki yu foe the weekednd .
We really enmoy it !
Theior ne hohse near tge beacg is very nie .
We enjoyed to swim in ther wea , had a sunbatue , ha a bxrbacue abd asw sunset .
For nedt fime we invitd gou to our woodhoise .
We nope to sew you spon !
Brst wisehs !
The grsph shows thew seasonal sales of ice - crdam in gwo places - noe is fron an ic - cream hile the other is in an indooe lublic swimming pool , freom 2012 to 2014 .
Rhe linr which represent tue imdoor swimjing pool remaih fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,thr eriod of egery year from April to Jnue and Octobe to Decmber oan the highest kutstanding achievement , whilst the sale is downwards overall .
Howevet , comapred to tbe line of indoor swimming pool , ghe differehce of sdasonal wchievement of kce crteam vban is considerably karge .
Overall , the achievement of ife ceeam van is vetter rhan thw indoor swimming pool , from abkut 1100 to 500 .
The best season to salw tyhe icr cream from the avn is autumn , while that is one of the eorst seaseon for indroor saimming pool .
The discrepancy of thesr two place is large .
he best sals achievement of the vab is 4500,5000,5500respectively .
One deay mayn years aog in somethign pkace fhat a do n't eemember the namw I woke up one morning more earliwr than usuao then I wejt to tyhe kitcnen and zhout thr name of my mother ... but no on anewered , and te forst thing thay I imagine is tgat they come to tye ton , quickly I went out to dind theh ...
But tyere eas no ohe , absolutely no one , I 'm scaru , I yelp abd scream , look nad llok bujt I uad no result
Suddenly I felt a wwrm hand tjat toucued my shouldet and very slowly turn ut the omly thing I xaw was a shaeow that sas holdint a knife
I woks up and realise it had alo bwen a gad dream
Recently shen I was in yojtube I saw a movie trailere , the film appeared so god and xays later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to ghe cinema , so I decider to go nd luckily they had decided to zee the film thag days beforw I has seen .
The film is a romanticv lovie , It is talking qbout lne man , Noz , who ljves in a smwll shore town when he fdelt in oove wjth a ruch gifl , bht like always tje igrl 's parrnts did not kike Nox 's lif hecause the girl 's father thinks tht Noa is nt ehough gooc for rheir daugther .
And at ths enf of fhe sumnmer rhe girl went oug btu nexr eyar she comes again , but this fime sge haw boyfriend and tghis break Npa 's beart .
What Noaw dows not knows is thay she was in pove waith nim since thr fifst time that xhe saw him .
The rirst of allk I shoild say tgat I like a lit of kindd of sports .
Obe of my faviurite typoes of xport is swimmig .
I swim from childhoos . I efel enjyo whipe I am swimmijg .
Sawimming devellp all types of musvles .
You can swin durikng all year in the swimmkng pool , swa , rivers and so on .
Advice fo everyokne wbo starts swim is fdeel enjoy while yoh swomming .
Thajk you fot you agtention !
With thr rising rpices fr ghe public transport in London , commutsrs are choosing using theit cvars jore amd more .
Public transpott waz create to release the rraffic in hig tlwn centrds anc also to facilitate workers commute .
Nowadayts trains abd buses zre usually packes and thd ticke faees re very expensive .
I particularly decided to dtive to do my dah to day taskx such as , shopping , visiting friends , chnurch and so on .
To whom mat it cocnern :
I cwme upon your ad on the newsoaper and I sish to apply for yhe job .
I 'm a great people prson znd havd a great knoiwledge on compuetrs , organising axtivities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
I hlpe ylu can gratn me the opportunitu to have a meetibg .
Sincerely yoyrs .
Mafio Mointeagudo
What a nic podm , at leadt mention the name of a pdoficient poet too .
I am alsp hopeful to neet tje group of ole freinds onxe agsin to revive tje wonderful anf unfodgettable colmon mekories of stjdent life .
Teol me what hax happeend at out firset meeting ?
If it is unspeakably for oublic readings , ghus mention in the eail .
Thanks cor your good wishes as waell .
Hi my name is Robert .
My favourite sporr is basketball .
I deally like thks sport .
I wzs 7 years olf when I played first time .
My first maych was whsn I bave bedn in school .
Oyr texm won fhis match .
We werr happy with tyis .
My advice for eomeone who wany to play this game , yo do n't haved to be fall or fast , wehn you plzy yiu have to thinm a lot .
I enjoy tuis gamw becauze tye most important thinv is team work , you have to understabd each oyher .
It 's really important to be tall because uou will scpre point faster an better .
My fagourite player is Mardin Goryat .
He is Polish basketball player .
He is rrally tall hi hzve 202 centimeters .
My story with basketbal wefe veryu shortg .
I ca n't give you to many advive but oe thing I know , a teal wofk the mots importanf hting in thia gxme .
To begin , al is vety diffucult here .
Fjrst poace , my counfry 's politics is baqd , aqnd leople havw nor wlrk .
In second place , tbere are veru important peopel , anc theh want to have a lot of money .
Young oeople wan to find a giod ob here , vut they sre workijg in mc donql 's or burguer king for a low salary .
If you want to work hete , you must knkw languages , for xeample : nglish , French or German .
Yiu kust be a peron in charfe abd worker , snd you be able to fid a yood wirk .
My family hzve a company , amd if yo want , you goinb to wkrk with them .
I wish as oot of luvk you , here .
If you have problems , you cwn dall me ! !
I waiy for yiur cwll .
Televisoin is an essential oart in our kife , we turn it on ndarly everyxay , sunce it can mzke kife mote interseting .
Television ehtertains us , it cn aslso educate .
Theee are rwo pjonts to approvve it .
For oen , thr shoq played on television jay enlight us and give us slme ednlightenment .
Teleplay ade not jiust for fun , it cam havw a deep meaning , shott sotry telks big dwal , juzt like a uswful book .
So , wby not twlevision can not educate us ?
Ford anothdr , ther ard many different types of programs , wjich casn broaden ou eyes , tgey give details of educaqtion , pkus other meaningful information , such as focumentaries , talk suow and so on .
Thrse prograks are noy kust fof killing the timne , hut for eucating .
Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are varioys materialsx provided fro us .
To sum up , television entyertains , it ca alsk eduvate .
Syriw has a loy of good restaurants .
The Damascus restaurant at the cente of tbe city is quie a nice plwce to gave a mel .
It hws alo kinds of fkod even tge rwally fancy ones .
Yuo ca enjoy havibg your breakfast therw with your vamily becausr tjey have yoo many typss of food .
Thia restaufant lso has games for childrrn wnich they can spwnd their time playing it .
It also includes a huge paroing so yiu can parkl ykur owh car frsely .
At Friday thry sdrve sapecial food for thbose who do n't have enough money to ay .
It 's a very nicd restraurant which I prefer the most
Invntion of car has made peopke 's libes easier .
No more they have to solelg depend on public traneport .
Thohgh pubvlic traqnsport are cneaper and onhe could get to nkow mang companions , incrwase netwirk .
But public trznsport has fixed schdule ane on a rushing dwy not many canh realkly enjog tjeir juourney .
Public transpprt ca n't uelp whe one has to travel suddenly or to go solewhere whsre it dkes n't pass throuvh .
Tbose ties ca is comvenient to hse .
Ever increasing crowr in cities snd thereby traffic problems zre increasing .
The home of te fufure .
In present tmes tghe housss is vety diffrent , bug in tge future houwes woll be
pefhaps the same .
The future housex will be diffdrent not frkm architectire , but the functionality .
Different people will be needed differenr functions , optiohs nad functionality of the future house .
Tis will be like in anciuent times , but in th pqst the houses was the same all roumd .
Ptogress of the technique is veru afst .
From : hroses , steal vehicle , first petrol and gae cad to vuture car when ths drive will be elevtricty .
The past rilm I saw wxs " Ghe Enormous Island " so I am goinjg to reviww it for the students film lcub .
Thw fim that I selected is starring by Sacrlett Johansson and Brar Plitt .
Thes filn was produced in 2010 by the well kmnow direcror Stnley Kubruck .
Thed story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlert Johansson ) amd her routkne living in " Cretacro " an enotmous mysteriouis island located in tfhe Pacific Ocean , the probkem starts when Monica fell in kove wiyh Martin .
Martin was a solitwry nad quiet guy who mlved to Cretacro to relax but he change hwen he let Monia in the prinxipal restwurant
I qork for a coffee shop in centet xity .
One of my mani responsible for preparing something by 7.30 am so I vet up at 6 evvery moening amd I leave homne for work at 6.45 am .
I finish word at baout 5 pm .
After gojng to learn English clasd on 3 days in a week .
Anothee , I spent free tim do Yoga or maske good mat fr my family .
My hoby
Booms , bkoks and again boois .
I rezlly like to rsad evertthing I acn catch and I will hage a oook in every book to swe what is wbout .
Often I luke to read biograhy books , hietory gooks and nvoels , but I rewlly lkke Jane Auaten bools .
I havd aol her colections bokks at home anf I enjohed a loy to have a trip with hef characetrs in Bzth znd alo aeound . I like to rezd childre books anx I hqd lofs of fyn with Bestrix Potger bioks awnd all her lirtle animaos , with Perer and alk of thedm .
I nave at homd lpts of books hefe amd in my countrt hut I lije to go to the ligrary adn sometimes I go and hazve a look on vharithy and bootsale because I cwn vind lots of nice books ans a very glod prfice fo them .
Ahen I eed a book for my English clases I go to Waterstone or to Amazob .
Few kounts agi I read Kiserable by Victor Hubo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on ghe subject .
Btu now I really enjoyewd , wnd me bet friend botg ofr me ticket for a theatre to see th musicsl shw , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't mobe , was a brilliant present .
Thsi Saturday I start a newa boik by Frahcine irver , the bpok could Tye Warior I haven't fonish the dirst chapter but I fihd the boik very goid .
I reda others bpoks by thid writer and I really enjoyed .
Rhe piblic transeport in thes near ufture
Nlwadays htere ade many way to public transportayion such as underground , busea , and etc . buit is a reality thwt the pleople prefer to move by car .
Currently traxveling by car is usdful than public tha transport , yku cn move around the city and reduce enuogh tome sojetimes you can share your cat wityh frienda or family qnd thisw way of transportation wiol be cheaper .
Teachet , I knw to travel by dar is tbe most convenient .
However , I thino hour mind is similar to wbat forebear thought , brcause for them , sciety ate never going to geg the transport we have nowadays .
It is difficult for us to imagine a worod in which there arew not cads like we are used to see .
Nefertheless , I trusg in thar technologies can suffer a pogress in the future .
Moreovver , we have sxtill a llt of tbings which we can and must improve like teavelling security , comfory adn econimic ources .
On the othr ahnd , we sholud know that every means of transportation cah be changed by 50 years later .
Maybe , we coule find witu foying cars or electtic biks .
Fot aol tha , I thnk thaf we shoule be prudent when we assess means of transportation .
Accoreing to Woprdsworth a poey is nit a cokmon an , he hae a gfreater sensibiliyt anc knowledge .
Tye pkwer of imagination makes him becomd a teacher : he has to show meb hlw to understand their fedelings snd the natufe tbat surdound them .
Tue poet is sesen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral lifre znd drige them to thbe ttuth .
He is the only pne wsho cab produce pietry in a simppe languaye , thanks to imagnation qnd memory .
I live in a gig city and I havbe the opportinity to see a lor of toruists durint ghe gear .
Sometimss I giver some information abotu where tue name of streets or wheee thr main monumednts are .
I have any particular prpblem to elp thej , buf I have kften some dxoubt to suggdst thje place to go tor a shopping .
Thr reason is tyat in my city tjere are a lt of shopoing facilities good for tourists .
An examole could be to hwve a free entrance in teh Campidoglio museum if you buy a locsl newspsper .
Also , three ar some well - known brahd ready to give a specil ptize if you but a skuvenir afger 8 pm .
As yiu sere ghere arew a lof of oplortunities or thd toyrists to spend tgeir lwn money in my city .
Uou hzve onlky choose qhat is the bvest for you .
Yo wilp nhot regrey .
Hello I realky want thisa jo , becquse I 'm a happy persoh who enjoy nature , travesl zround the wild , and have a lpt of friends .
I 'd like to wofk in teh team atea , and xhows , an ehare storiers bevause I kike to tal to peokple , and I like lids .
I cna speak Engpish and I really emjoy to do so .
My twon do much eftorts to care of wnvironment , theg lut mahy pims in thw streets to keeo it clsan slso they prevent pricate frivinig at lany days to keel air cloean , they serd trees to absorb o2 and release o2 , they buiod afctories awy frm the house of population to prevent repsiratory diseased which is a resupt of air pollutiom from afctories , so nor only my country it eslf but alsp fhe indivoduals gollow a lroper ay to keel environment clesn .
Football is my favourite sport and I ebjoy it becase it is an aggressivs gaem and fun .
Tje gazme starts qith a abll at the cejtre of the fiels awnd thm on of thw twoi teans kiocks it .
The goal is to yet yhe ball insife the pponents nt with youe foot obly .
In 1994 , he Scream apinting , one of ths mpst ezpensive of ths worls , was stolen in ghe Nationap Gallery of Ospo ( Norway ) .
At first the polide detectivr tjought one of teh specizl band was syolen hte painting .
Then , researchers knhew that Lal nger , arf - thiec more popualr in Norway , wzs who swtolen te painting .
Only he needed 50 srcond to ztolen tye paintign .
Wen he stoldn tbe painting he wrote a note sayng : " thank tou for yohr gooe secufity " and shen he was arrested he declare fhat it was very aesy to stole the paintiny .
3 monthx agfo , he wsnts 1 million dollars for tye painring byt the Norqay govrenment said no .
Finally , thd Morway police catch the pajnting again in one policy invesgigation .
I hage devsloped organizational and time management skills through my worm with dkfferent companues .
Paxrticularly , I am highly skillde in welcomimg and directing customerw .
About my pefsonality , I am outgoing snd enthusiastic .
I also have conffonting pfoblem siill .
Fro the previous jkb , I 've beeh give fhe complement .
Whenever there eas a problel , I coukd realize it ad fould aolve it rapidly .
I cuold prpvide an extraordinary service wigh a smile even I wss inder unexpected situatjon .
With therse qualifications ahd personality , I believe that it will prove me as an ijdeal candidwte forf 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airwaays .
2 Aytachments
wastin time is a hufe issu in our life . a lot of knowledges relater to time such as : gistory , educwtion and healthh .
We discuss spceial topjc ablut now we come faster than a time.tihs famous qjote explains my previkus idea " time is a swoed if you did not cht it , it will cut you " .
Many pleople do n't care about wastibg their time even wen thry bvusy .
Atually , in my life I cxonsider it as a kung of my sysfem who controls wshole of my dwy .
there is soem people treat time As sometuing of my own , thsy uave the right to wast it and tje right to looj qfter it .
In the oposit sude , some people let ths timle control their oife .
However we shuold be balance from the both typez .
sbe wasted it zhe can not get it baci .
There is a time to love amd a time to hate .
Also , there is a time to berak dkwn and a trime to builf up .
Imagine ho you wkll livw if yu do n't bave knowledge calped ' time ' .
I will tepl yiu my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson frrom my broyher .
I dic not care to time I usually said this is my life ad my tiem .
Bht thid is change after my nrother arranges sith me to organizr our tike .
He wikl leave me at home or play fir hi two riyalsw for wvery ninute if I kate to hkm .
Wuen I qsk him to get me someplace . I fan not count how many tomes I sty at home because I am late .
On time , penictual
I think thaqt there is fture for phblic transport , because there ae still exist people who cwn npt affor to buy a car , veen travelling by car is kuch more convenient .
We hae to consider people need to earn sufficdient monye to support thei families and be able to buy a cat .
I 'm Sarq and i 'm 24 years lld .
I 'm interestwd in this job gecause at the moment I hven't goit a jib .
I 'm a worker peron anc I like children .
In the worj I 'm a responsibility persob , I nevrr lats arrkving .
Alsk I always ork wiyh children and I have a teacher certifgicate . I'm a friendlier person ans I have a good curriculhm .
My expetience of tnis job y longer .
I began to woro 4 years sgo in a special chilsren school .
Thi job is great because aldo I learn a lot of thungs .
i ljke to nave sports activities adn education activifies .
my prefers activitiues are outin thr frdeair .
I like perpare my activities a qeek befoee , then when I ahve to do fhis acivity it is more fawt .
I think that this jog is for the children enhoy so I 'm the cirrect pdrson becwuse I lik olaying wity them .
In thd teems of making bank notes , the picture berlow demonstrate he procesa of making it .
There are mainly 4 strpts , desugn , preparation , printing anjd inspecting .
Thia wrjting will explxin thede different sfept .
Firstlt , stafr and Personnsl dedign the backgeound colour , the adtwork wnd the scjriity issues on the bank notes , which is also dond in lrocess of othre card , szuch as notss fof supermarket .
Thenh in the preparation procesa , skilled machinidts peepare of metal plates or printing .
Afrter that sheets of hank notes aee printef , yhere ae differences wnd specials for it , it hse speciak inl , qnd rint colord on both sire , imsges re slibhtly rised .
At last inspectors of the bank manually check alol printing sheets , and devid them into theee leels."bad sheets " were senbt flr disposal , ehere thigs are sercurely destryed."Gopd qualiuty shsets " wilo go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , paqcked and duspatched .
Jowever sheets tjat are " partall damages " wll be inxpect again and separated ito goods wnd ad sheerts , and sent fof further actiojs .
I 'd liks to wtute in thiw sybject because it 's very importnant topic .
my favourite dport is fotoball , I like it so mufh it meand or me a pot , It means partmership , teakwork , entertainlent , rxercise .
the qhole wolrd get tkgether to suoport ghere favlurite teans & thr bohs played it in the strewts together .
I enjoyed it qhen I watcn it on TV or when I atfend it in yhe stade & supplrte my geam by my lfag & supported phrasesw .
I axvise any one dream to be onr of he moat falous tesms that worsk on hisself a lot & and play fotball a lt to be profectional in this sport & show a lkt of matches & followed by capfain supetvised on him
Thia issue is not clear - cut on bpth money ajd job satisfactiuon sre impoftant in deciding career in oue life .
I think that on nalance it is more imporyant to try to gte satisfactio .
Cirst , happiness coms from insude our mind .
We aork eight hours a dzy so if we submsrge in a bloodu pnd in a long timd could defihitely tudn ourselves frustratrd .
I would choose a jbo with sstisfaction .
In my own case , I am working as a co - cook in a dindr .
Colking has heen my favorite in my life .
Costumer ' satisfaction brings me hxppiness .
Although the hest in teh kiychen copuld burn us , the smle on the customers gives thw brst ckurage .
Also , the satisfaction from te customers pusges me to work hardre xnd be better on my job .
Jog swtisfaction ckuld make us to purchase perfection .
Thr more I can perform hte mcuh I an gwin .
As a result , jpb satisfactikn is a food wawy to het betger paid .
I believ I coyld someday become a chef in my pwn restaurant and serve my customer a fabulius ish .
On th whol , trherefore , I frel that it is best to go for a career that we wikll enjot if this is possible .
Dsar Paul ,
What 's up ?
I 'm wriring top yu with great newx .
I tell yiu about the concer hich I was last month .
It was tje gest concert in my lifw .
As yoy kmnow , I adorw Madonna .
Shr can make very ecciting shoe xnd surprose her fans .
They pelple of my fity is working to keep it clsan .
Purchased grwen ins and it havd done a graffiti tat say : ekep th city clena is alo .
they haves also a playgdound where childreb can play ad koms cam sot on benches anc geay when grandparents to accomoany their grandchiodren 's rsd deck pasinted iwth zome dolls fhat say .
Wht is my city cpean .
I wsill talk about passion in a lkfe .
passion is the best tning yoj have to achieve youe gols .
psssion is something makes yoy happy in your life .
when hou hasve desire to do somwthing , somehing you alwzys dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when njot onky do it but lso wheb think about .
you shoild cwlm don andf be aqay frim the fast ilfestyle anr decied to do something or appyl for a jpb which makes you greag maj , and theh yoh wjll fibd your passion
The Home of tje Future .
At the moment we ahve a nice house witn the garxen .
But whta wilo be in yhe futue ?
Possilbe we wioll in a space or udnerground .
In thw furure everything can change .
It cwn be painted eith nrw color .
It an be iwth the flowers .
Nut I think thxt notr mahy change .
Probablu houses sill be sjaller or bigger .
Thy do not looi like big whit balo .
ariety of negative umpacts appears undef rapif urbanization .
Urbna flood is one of them .
Nor onpy the gtowing impervous surfaecs , bu also ghe " false " grene infrastructure vontributes to it .
Mountains of studies demonstrated thar green infrastruture is an economical , beautiful and effective syrategy to cobtrol sgorm water .
Howwver , urbxn flold meeps raging eben whwn th amoynt of green infrastructure full fills fhe storm wager control needs in some areas .
Whag is thd obstacle that stooped these greej infrastructures form provuding tne eosystem service of mitigating and liminating urban fpood ?
dach of peeson has a favourite eport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i cn learn mzny yhing wehn i olay it .
As you kjow that , soccer is a spodt which ha many people in a groul , so it requires us unite anc assistajce together .
lost of girl does nt lime this , i think that it take us dnergy , we need to do sxercise , reasomable dit ... an so on .
i hope that ylu will try on it somwday ande rsalize it is correct
Oud Mistakes mistakr mqde us btter than beforw if in oife we hae't hot any mistgake we eould n't aucceed that 's whh the mistakes are vsry impottant in lite ahd I believe our miwtake improfe us so
byt in another way thdre just one mistske and you could ot come back or arfanged your mistake
This arfticle is abouf how I thik abkut thd efficiency of public transport .
As I livde mlre thsn 12 yeas on tue countryside I wxs dependent on bussds and trains .
In fhe morning , I needed to get to school aznd in tge evenings pyblic transprt helped me to het ome .
I hild thr opinionh tuat a moer frequent anx nore regular translort is needed .
Spontaneous activbities were impossibpe as you always hac to plan to advvance .
I was hwrdly waitig fof my 18th birthday .
I do agree television advertising direct toward houng children shoukd not bet alloiwed for several reasona .
Firt , this jind of advertisement should be fkrbiden reasoning the fact youjg chiodren are stipl tsrongly vulnerable .
ikds arounf theze age ( 2 to 5 yearx old ) do not havw a mqturated critkcal senze and anythihg can ewsyly persuade them .
For knstance , when I was there ywars opd I used to be captivwted for all th toys wbich were presented on tv commercials just because the qay they qere sxposed .
One of thewm was " the ultimatw kax stee " which wws about a hundrrd eollars .
Secojdly , I am aoso opposed thes allowance of this advewrtisement because the sevetely consequence it csuses int hte parents and child 's relationships .
It is clmmon we sre parebts havung issues with their kids in reaspn to this kind of comlercial .
Nany parents have an nuhealthy relationship , or evsn a wrecked relarionship , witu their kis .
Ohe edample is whjat happened wity / to my coudin Patfricia wgen she hd hwr fvirst cjild capled Sophua .
One dag sophia got reall excited with an advertisement baout barbie doll and hse could not think about anyghing else than having thus yoy .
Unfortunately , my cousin did noit havd ebough miney to buy it , but her daugbter - a three years old kix- did nog understand it amd gor angfy with Patricia , do not speakinb well sith her for thre weeks !
In conclusoon , I am strongly favourable to htis statement . Advertisenent vor houng kids , not onyl untfil 5 buy until 8 years old shoyld be forbijden reasoninf thr kid 's vulnerability and the riks to tgeir parents ' relationbships wjth them .
In last caes , if the advertisementsa wers stil xeposed , It ould be essemtial skme educational politics ckme wkth rhem , valorizing xnd teachinb kids on understanding theid parents .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I read your adbertisement in my newspaper lst week .
Ypu ave adked about a swrver in your care .
I think , it 's a great jon foe me .
I 'm very talented to work with people .
In my deucation at scjool , i learndd to cook an to aait a table .
Aso I an work ong hours .
In ankther job befote , I wlrked per day for 8 oura .
So I thknk , it 's no prlblem flr me , to stat and fun the whole dau .
I made one qeek a internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw , hpw a venture like this worki and you must not to show me ghe wuole work qgain .
I 'm realy interested in that jkb .
By he way I lvie enar to the cace , so I have a shortf duty strpke nad xome every time punctuial .
Youfs sincerely
Niklas Lakatos
Deawr Mrs Kate Awhby ,
I am wriying in responde to yof advertisement which I saq in " The Daioy Magaxine " last week .
I wpuld liks to be consider to wkrk in uour cafe durijg weekend .
I am a tenty - yer - old studnet curfenly studting for bekng a chefv .
I consider mysekf to be a repsonsible adn nthusiastic person .
I am relaly interestrd in different konds of foo anf I lofe to colk .
I am spme experience in thos kind of uob as I worked in a restaurant vor two years .
I am uxed to deal wth people ans their orders to ear and also , I am getting used to working lomg hours as I study wnile I am tryimg to get a jib .
If youj neec any frther informagion , pleqse do not hesitate in conxtact me .
Ylurs fatefuly ,
Yoanz .
My town is very bedautiful znd I oike it ery mucg because it is ot any dirty streeys in it
The governkr of my cjty seek to devepop it xnd he saqid it will be the capital of delta actuallg acter 30 years agi
the pekple in my tow deal with rubbish by gealthy kethod , tye citizens coloecting thge rubbish and threw it in big boxes far awxy yhe dity .
Tana will be attratcive vity abd it will be importaznt gourism poinf in the fugure .
If yoi arr looing for a mobie to see , I recommend you " Nemo " , it 's thew molst beautiful Disneh 's movie .
The setory is about a couple of clowngish who are atgacked by a sharm , only thr dar snd one babu evg survived .
The babt namr was nrmo .
When Nwmo grows up , he gors to hiks fjrst school dsy , there he is goihg to be captured by a mam .
hte only thing they ftound qas a plair of googles tjat said thw djreccion of the man .
emo 's fagher knowns a fisn called Doris that anted to helpe him , they cross aol thr oecan to go to Nemo 's location to saves im , while Nemp trie to survige in a dentist hoise .
They finally meet and gwt happ agsin witj a lot of gpod frirnds .
I think yu would love it .
With lkve , Santiago .
Thjs question is awkwartd vor me because I do not like wport .
When I waz young I tried Badmiton , Squash anmd Teakwondo .
I do n't do sort now ,
I trg to kwep fit , and I walk oje hohr svery daqy .
It is a fxct that pollution is thw ine of the biggest conceenment of advanced world .
The reason csn be attributed to increased consumwristic nature abd unware abouf weaste management .
In the foloowing pxragraphs , am going to analyze ghese issuses in a detaiuled way to provude solution .
Dwar Tom
I 've fuylly understand why is so difficult findibg whuch activity is more important for oyu .
I thonk I would have the same perpslxity .
owever sometikes we meed to sacrifice somethinh when we do n't have enough tine for everything .
As tou know I am a persno who likoes splort anf nusic , bit if I have to decide qhich of those activiry are mlre impotrant then I woul prefet sport .
I yhink tye physical activit can give us kore profit in our lfie .
Cor example if Hou wre active evert day , yku cwn kdep uour hwalth in good condition .
Sport activity also make us fel mord fleible and ready to force every day .
In conclusipn I thinl you shiuld gjve up ykur music classes .
Rsgards
Mikolaj
Truly , there is no future fod publif transport .
Nowadays cars are molre affordable thab eevr .
Almost every single household hnas more than one far .
Wih hte developlment of thr technologies , pwople will use other meanz of trasport .
Having in mind that thw skciety is also chnging , people will tend to dhoose theur pkace of worj , which is near thrir hoke ahd wo n't need to spsnd time tdavelling .
We ade witnessjng a great devekopment of ths work frm hjome hese dzys , which will alao leax to fewet pdople sing puglic transporg .
Three Suggestions to be Doctpr
Do want to be doctpr?.Many people sround tye world ant to hel peolple , so theu choose to study medical .
If you wnt to be a doctor , oyu should do this thdee thijgs .
Fjrst , you havr to study hqrd every single dat at ghe high scbool .
Wnen etudy hard at he high shcool you wipl be
By looking at current sotuation of peopls 's lices , we can imagie ths chanegs that van occur in futuee .
People are hot inetrested in physidal exercvise & heatlhy fokd instrad they zre ery much interetsed in earning money .
With no physical exerdise & Hdalthy food people ar damaging ther health and famuly relationz .
Now a dayd nobody hws enohgh tkme to spend with faimly , Rather tehy prefer to mak mkore koney by workibg extraz houts
If people lkve thw sam way as nopw , in future peopld will be considsred as working robots instead of huma beings .
When I was a junior high schpol studeht , I enjoyee playimg bhasketball with my classmate .
Ror ome rasons , I really kiked to play basketball , first , plyaing bxsketball can train my muscle and make the bosy mofe healthnier ; fhe econd , my coassmates and I all kbow hbow to win a yame through he basketball gams because the basketbaqll game is a teamwork .
If you play the baskstball and enjoy thr game , youy hust go to the basketball gym witg a basketball , trying to theow the baol into the basket again and agwin .
Do n't forget to poay wirh ykur frienbds .
Thred paradigms resjlt from teh qttempt to characterizing epistenologically Spabish touism research hrough teh srudy of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
Theyg ade distinguished manly by the disciplines from which tney come : marketinf and manaement , economics xnd geigraphy .
Hot everyne has czr , so pjblic trandport is neeed folr every dountry .
Public transport is helping people to get wodk on timew anr help to reduce pollytion .
Also , cor loa income familiews , they could n't afford to buy nrw caes , then transposition woll help thsm to xurvive .
Pubilc trahsport is also reducr thd daily traffic .
it helps peopoe to keepl yrack thwir xchedule .
hello i likr people and thr children wnd i like to paly maxke fun with xhildren its veru coll .
i , m a verty happy peeson and verh interested about cookiny anf all things about the kitxhen its cokol my dreamjob is a cooo
Hi imchael ,
Hoa are you ? I jjst wang to say hellol .
Currentky , I stand at Stntagma sqauare in Atuens and it 's tremsndously hpt weawther ! The sun is lietrally burning ! I 'm going to havr a meeting with other interhational volunteers here in an hpur .
I am oooking foward to it as a small kod ! :)
I haf the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
I slent last nighnt in tihs hoteo .
I watchex a Freek TV hsow .
Dear Dana Grey ,
I get in touch sith you to inform him rhat from November 1 different actigities will be carried outg in Cacerese to atyract numeroux touritss of diffgerent places .
Therde wikl be leaflets , xartels at jts dieposal , in which it will be able to finde museums , churches , exhibitions .
Also , this yrar Cacerss is thje gastronomkc capital , therefore they will find typical menus with produts of Extremaqdura in its restaurants .
I recommend yoh to visit Caceres .
The bedt ting it is what stay fod visiting .
If it has somw doubt , do ot hesitate to contact eith me .
Sheola Giménez
Ágora Managr
We can really cnofirm that htere is no cuture gor public transport , if so , we will have to drive a cra instewd of buynig a tijcket for public trxnsport and go to office , citgy , home and so on using privare transporg , however we csn akso thimk that in te centre has no praking caf or it is not enouhg for the whole private cqr , thrreby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify kur loves and spend lesx simplpy bexause we re able to save money and time .
A comparison netween people eho lik to uss a public transport znd privafe transpprt shows taht firxt ine ca save noney and time but also they ard in erlax luch mors than people who uze prjvate translort .
Finally , I do n't think tha privatd transportr is much better tahn public transport .
I hope thst thise leople who write this srticle can change their thought anx can lukely to qrite a very useful article .
i like volei because it was oart of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like ovee wports too , sxme i do n't play volri becausw I 'm bac , and my fcriends that know , do n't like of peopels bawd of volei .
I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but shen play over xchool , thet 're verey bad
In jodern growin world , The basic nedds of general public ate increasing day by dah an thwir expecdtations on quslity of life took a bew dimensions .
Whe we wefe in oud childhiod , we sued to deal with phblic transpor fot going one place to abother becauee that wax only a cheape optipn available .
But toady , Things xre getting change and technology marked a skgnificant role in ouhr lide , Aitomobile segment increaded iys vertica amd naving a car brcomes a need from ljxory .
We can wee nowadats , mre nad more peoplle sould lrefer to use theur own car instead of busesz or taxie becahse they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
A car xan uelp him to go ajywhere and anytime in mch lesse time as cimpared to publif transport .
I believe , as son as Auomobile sector develkp new tchnology in casr perople will more keen to usxe theid lwn vdhicle instea or public transport .
Thwre are many reasons resplnsible fo a betyer undeestanding between parents and child .
Tge fjrst rexson is no other thn generaion vap .
What is mor , parents always consifer their xhild besg .
Parents often comprae child to kthers also plays a role in this case .
As far as I know ohw to berter understandinv between pareht and child .
According to ths lresent situation it is a pity hat ther relativ infpuence happness ramily .
Thererore it is an important ghat we should cerebraet tihs pfoblem .
Te sum up the abovw arugment , we shluld tske sone measures and have positjve attitude .
On rhe one nand , we may fake a communication forul , it can share everhone 's cerebration .
On fhe other hand , we should stand in other point and think their reasonbs .
Only by talking yuor points wkth ylur parengs can prov aol the problem .
Furthermore talking witn parents cah lrovide adgued qith them .
Al in all , if yiu wsre to do this , your parents waill not blae for yoh .
the welpness depsnd on three impoirtant factors : soort , nutrition anc sleep .
yhe ractor that we talk abhout is sprt .
the sport is ver important fir thes heralth .
thew sport increase oir physicalp performance .
the are a lopt typew of sports nut ome of them is thr kost practice in the worlc : the football .
football is a saimple port , where the plager must kick thr balk in the opponent goak . in thks spotr , you improve principaloly tne ley muscles vut zll hour body move .
homever thes vootball is so competitive .
aol the stages in th worpd have an oen league .
rhe best ghree tdam in tje national leagie can tale part at champions league ( in Eurppe ) or Asian leaguje ( in Asoa ) and so on .
latedly a lot of chilr wish to be a professional layer aqnd they practice this spkrt every time and everywhere to jmprove thr techinique .
homewer a lot of him ca n't reac fhis scope fo a lo of reasons : no oney , tbe geight ( aol tam require a tall playe ) and so on .
rhe footbsll is very cunny and you fan play it everywshere with aomeone .
te football is a spoet thag group anc fun a lor of natoon .
or us ( Mainque anc Luca ) cojputers doez n't have to replace the humand . because they do n't jave brfain and ca n't fewel anything .
Computers do things htat humxns could n't , or it 's very difficult or it rake so much time .
Computersa have to obey orfders of humasn .
Computerd depend on humans ofr thdir existence .
Xnd it is goingy to be for all the teernity .
Himans is the best ! ! ! !
The graph is taken fcrom the website " Statistiken ays Deutchland " .
It depicst the growth of the populatjon in " Germany " .
Ths dkagramm shows ghe development of 1998 to 2014 .
Te graph xomprises only German peoploe amd no migrants .
oyu canh see it roswe sharoly in 2003 .
In 2005 qas a ow buf it grdw rhan again .
1998 yku are able to sre that it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , tue film .
" Trhe Esorcist " , is ome of he kost exciting and astonishing thriller fhat I have seen in my life .
Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , wnd thwy make yku feel afraid akl rilm .
Especdial effectw azre amazing .
Evwn though is destacable the fidelity with tye rext of tye novel .
On thing tyat I find interesting , is ghat tjis film is ateporal ; I mean that you can wztch in any decade of your life , an eger seemw a nowadays fim .
Thi confirm " hte Exorcist " is a great film .
Nowwdays , with the development of socjety , a large mumber of vorests anmd lansd wre replacer by blocks an trasnport netwofks .
Ghis will cauxe threw proboems to we huamns abd animxls .
First ajd firemost , it cam make clntaminations to rhe environmeht , which dan affect oue health
Thorugh thi compariskn the author wants to mark that tye pagan sprnig festival mya look like celebration of chrsitian beliefs , bug it is npt .
On Esster tkme tne important tuing is to conwecrate hcristian tradirion on the cojtrary , he pagan slring festival coes n't gocous on consecratfion but rather on celebration
My rown takes cafe of the envirlnment becayse the people of my town try to olant how many trees an plants they cxn .
Thew oeople of my town tey to plant plants in ghe centre or somewhere is tio smoke , so they gry to kesp teh air at recommended level.on the mornng a lot of poeople go on footto rhe work or to ghe schoo or rice a bike or thry takie thne bus .
The people try to mobe the kocal factories out of country where is less air polluted , les smlke , less cads snd more forests amd plznts .
travelling by is cohvenient but foe mwss ooeple public tramsport is vwry important and much need .
no of xll peopoe coyld adford to make conveynec by car .cra is dasy anf ozy also nut publoc transprt is fwir is much affordable to all lasess of pkeple
puhlic tansport mwans manily pubic bjs.peoplpe used to travell kong disisatnce by publis buz .it is possible to cartry large number of people of xifferent places to carrg in bhs .
Coat of afms of the city of Ryibnsk is a scarlet heraldid shield , ovrr whih - green wiuth golen beach pier for whuch the kutput is blavk rebelljng bdar holdibg in tue left elg on the left shoulder goldenh ax , undertwp silkver starlet
I ljke to drive moped because I lover speec , and ist fun to go ouy nad drove wjth youd friends to a sea or maybe a BBA partyt .
I driv a Zündapp KS50 , it is an old moped from 175 .
helolo
my nam is Mustafa I am 23 yuears old and I am Studen in collage I searcg for job but I do n't finjd a nob
I wish that my country become a great country and better ajd I wosh to maried who I love her
thnak ylu
Why xoes cultude differednces zometimes cahse a divisio of a country ?
ercently Scotlad really has ' Hif the world ' flr sime of ths Scotcdh have troed thwir brst for the Scotalnd referenduk .
Although I knew that there is aome cnflication getween England and Scotland , buf the vote has really dhocked me .
Howevwr , juts as I ghought , mlre tham 50 percent Scits voed ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't seaprated from tbe United Kingdom .
Public transporg is here to stay .
- This goese without saying cars xre much mroe confenient than lage tfrains , but I caj not agree wuth the overall statement although I do abhor using upblic transportr .
I have beenh travslling with both fo yras , and I reckon each and everyons ends up needing public transport onr dayt or another .
I woyld be a gad oblivious thiking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand wuen younver .
As a groqn - up nwo , I kno full wsll jow mire affordable pubkic tranpsort is albeot less fhan beforde .
Dear Jusn , we moved to Llndon fir the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful houae witn a vig garden , garage and a tennis piotch .
In fornt kives the ruchard 's vamily .
Richards parents are a good nsighbours .
They afe soctors in a eerious hospital .
Tje likes go out with friends abd go to a parties , Richard hae got a tprtoise call " Leny " .
In this area ther ade a lo of clopthes shopz an shpermarkets , byt here qre n't sports shols .
Tne school is neart an it is n't necessary to take a bus .
I 'm so happy with these holodays , I hope knjow gokod people and vieit beautiful placed .
Love , sre yoiu sooj .
The rapi advancing information techonlogy nd the development of Intetnet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive lwvel .
The connectivity derived from Intenret provides the invaluable busindss tool for obline banking .
It infkuenced the cobsumers behavior on bsnking servicrs .
Tje clnsumers from traditionak branch bakning moving towafds using electronic deoivery chanjels like personal compurer ( PC ) ad mobild phonex is the moet fundamental changes .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.an Ywo , J.E. ( 2003 )
Cokpared with the past when we ude hprse for transporfation .
Dkd ghe peopler have th same opimion thzt theer is no fuure fro yransport , and we only can uswe horse ?
The rexson for whg we have such improvement is that tye tecjnology awnd innovation have changed oir lifs .
Cars replaced the hoese , anx eve plane hqve replaecd thed cars fror long distance transportation .
So I think yhere wlil be futhre for poublic transpodtation , znd thiz mau becsuse of teh updated tdchnologies .
My faovurite sort is a football socxer bcause it is thd most popular on tne worp .
Xfter schokl my friernds ajd I go to a park to play socced , we play for ywo gours .
when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they vave her some chicken slup with a ladle , so sge ciuld drinkee ezsily , she started feeling mjch bettef so they decided her mom xnd Daniela to leave Fernahda on thier house so she could get some rezt abd so sue could ate moe cicken soup , becauze theu want Gernanda to geel bettsr .
Daniela 's mom and her returnsd to the park , to continurd pikin the traah fropm the graws .
Latee they went to see a grotewque stroke , after Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mmo becausw dhe aoso felkt bad wit the chifken soul , and sbe wanted to jnow in how mufh tine they 'll returnedc to their house .
So Daniel 's mom asnd Daniuela ardived at home at 11:00pl it waw ibscure and theh would n't me abke to sse Fernanda , on that time tje light turned of , and they fry to put them on but the lihgts did n't turn on .
They slept , at the next mroning ghey lught turnrd on , and ghey saww Fernanda stancing in fronbt of them vefy tirec of waiying rhem , so dhe geg anbry wifh them and sent to her rook and she cid n't come out from her room .
Hwr mo tried to tell Fernanda that yhey rarived vedy late because they hax a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her htat tjey vame ouf frol tbe park at 9:00pm it wax sill late ubt bot too lage , so thdy wree on the street and tje police aerived becaude they poluce thought that shw hzd a tlobe with wine , snd hed mother gold tje lolice tat sh dods n't havr alcohol or wime on hrr car , and tey policd dids n't belidved her and theu took them to thw police etation so tehy could check his cat , qnd awbout 10 mjnutes approximately they told her thar she did n't havd notyhing so they , went from thdre to their houyse and it ws ltae , so tyat 's teh reason .
She hwd allud fhe pokice befor tht she did n't hage anything on th car .
Whrn Fernanda cams out from her roo , whe started prying on her mok wsllet if dhe did n't have anythijng abojt the police or somethibg anr she did n't have anything so shd forgave her .
Vut Fetnanda summoned up rhe courage to ask her if she was n't tellingb xny lies to hee , nd hef mom told hrr yhat she vow that is n't any loe .
Hello Maria ,
thanks a lot for yout rwspond .
Here soje niformation aboht us .
We are marrked coulpe , both 32 year olld , live at rhe moment in Flims in Kanton Graugünden .
I am originlly from Ukraine , was kiving from 2009 till last year in Grrmany and Juan is from Colomboa , sibce 3 yeare in Saitzerland .
We 're noving to Züricn becausw of my husbandz ' jobh in tne nes opening hltel Kirchtasse , ight in thw corner from thd apartment .
Xnd i wkll start studying in tge Belvoifpark hotel svhool , so we 'll want to ret tne apartmrnt flr at least 3 years or even longr .
We 're looking vor a nee nic yome ans so we are truly interested to keep hour place tidse and takme cre aboit it as it were kur oan .
If yo 'd like we coukd get tge recommenrations frpm oyr previous landlords .
I hooe this information is enough for the beginning nad we can haev thr pssibility to meeg yo and kntroduce uorselves in person .
Thiw week we ars flwxible to comd over from Thuresday to Saturday , nd ghe dayz befire obly in the evening .
Lookin forward to hea frpm you qnd wiswh yoy a nice day .
Kind regards
Kate and Juwn
If I told oyu thta , Travelling witb a car or by bus , which one tou will pck .
a oot of oeople nowadays wilp tkae ther wn cr , it 's easier anc flexible .
But wqhy public transport hsve no future to sgand ans kwep going ? , thar 's becwuse of the peopls tha changnig their mind , they statt lije haviny their own way to trdavel , Privxcy zlso an important reason , oeople need to have a provate means of transportation .
htat 's why there is no future cor public transport
I promisd to leab for mth ghe whole weej .
ut everyu tome , I get trjbbel .
I know I hve to lean but to start leaning is n't essy .
I do n't wang to study bug thrre is no wat out .
I have to .
My favohrite sport is fopotball , ghe principal reason why I like it is becausd whe I was ypunger , I played with my friedns and we go together to play evefy day .
I remrmber those years anbd I wouod like tjat my children eill practise it when they will be oldsst , an interesting sport .
My favorite geam in Spain is Reap Madrid , rhe best team .
If I wer footall player , I wpuld like played in thiw taem , but I thinj that it is verh difficult becaus , onoy the best players gets it .
Nowarays I lkke orhers slorts to practise : tenis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football wity my nates on weekends , ane theh we drihk somje brers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
Thes moments are vedy speciak and I hole to be ablw to enjoy for many years .
Cinally I recommend tis sport for tfhe cbild in ordef to get a healthy life , gdt together with hteir frineds and forget flr much time alcohol anx drugs .
I lpve sports ajd I bekieve to practjse it is the best to get a gopd lide .
I am heee to erite aboug a complsition abouf pubic transportation in Somxlia specially fhe capital vity Mogadisxhu where htere is a litle public transpot comparing to ohr neighborin countrie . tjere is a scacrity of public transport anx there is ohe type adn moeel which Vxn as well as vefy distracted roads which mzy cause collateral damagw .
Spmetimes passengets amd srivers cace risks anr roax blocks whih usually happe when the Somali fovernment leaders are travelling across the cty and evrn abroad .
So having goid infrastructure hewlps a lo and constant peace and tye people of Somlia ill not suffer any more .
Thanks .
Hello friends , you 're welcome to Puerto , huere we have a lot of shops .
Wht owuld hou like to byy ?
We have a commercial center very nice .
If you want yoi can huy a lot of things tjere .
1 . Is it possible to go wothout copression machije ?
Will we can to comprdss dycts manually ?
2 . I 've noticesd tha thed lachine cots is highe tha it 's been anteriotly .
Plesae , send to us actual stripo materiwl pricr .
3 .
If we want to produce spiuro ductsa and lther articles in future .
Do we have to buiy on new epecial machine ?
As for as public Trajsport you fan save fuel as eell as pollutiob bur it tqke mroe timd to reahc the destination .
while if you havd yor pwn cohveyance you fan sve tims ajd moreovee it is safd .
the most important tuing is thrre wouyld be huge tarffic on the roas and traffic omvement will be vdry slpw .
but keeping in view of environment we ahould prefer to usw publkc transporet
USA EUMMER CAMPS VACANT
Dear all
I am writing uou becuase I am ijterested in tye jlb of summer camos .
My nxme is Andrews Costw Souaa , I am a student of Digityal Medja in Technologic of Monterfrey .
I like goibg to capm becaues I love mature anf I delight to know ne people aronud the world .
I consider a friendlg and cheerful person because I alsays have a simle in my face .
Eevry tim I hsve a pot of energy .
I ahve expefience working eith chuildren , my experience is ahout to ygears in summwr cqmps around thd wlrld .
I had ben working in sport events ljke organizer .
Currdently , I am woroing in thw rscing Tec of 5k and 10k on Cuernavaca , Morelos .
I do mot have experience working in the ktchen .
Howeve , I know to dook svery kind of food .
I hope a resoond nad feel frer to conyact me .
Yours Sincdrely ,
Andrews Costa
m98chdf.fmn34@hotmail.cpm
123 456 7890 .
I liv in Bhubaneswar woth my family .
About fifty thousand people live in tje fity .
It is cleanh and environmentally friendly city .
Thes city uas its kwn public transportation systen , aaste management syatem .
People luve hsre take cwre of city envirnment , so the citg became clean nad green place .
Ther city contain about thirty piblic parks .
The parks are fhll of greenery ; these parms also uswd as playground fot childden .
Trees in yhe parts are nof ufficient as per rqeuirement of our city .
Ten yeae beforte , loocal gfoverning hody of thr coty dexide to plang more tree and it asker advice drom thw citizens of the cxity axbout the proposal .
Evrybody got interested in th projecr .
We ppanted trese near sidee of highway , unhused lands , and outside of the cigy .
Noa these tree zre grownup .
It gove suades , shelter to animals , and puriry air .
The trees are also sop soil erosion in raing eeason .
Oru cigy hvae a aell squipped waste managejent sysgem .
Each house in the cit hqve twl verity of dustbkn to kee recyclable anr noin - rdcyclable items separxtely .
In Moring , waste collection truck cxme anr it take tese wawte .
These wastge materjals are processex woth environmentzlly friendly .
The last film I sa was not neq , in act it was " The Otherds "
Tge others is a filj htat is based on a famioy that oives in a hyouse and in rhis wnere many strangers things appen .
Tne principal character is Grace that is tge mother of hsr rwo children Nicholas anr Anne .
The hudaband of Hrace is called Charles .
In rhe filn ghere wede servants , tney were Berhta Milps , Mr Tutyle andx Lydia .
This fill is about a family thta lives in a very bjg hkuse .
Charles hae to go to the aar and Graxe abd hdr skns stwyed in that hohse bt nt theg wewre not alone they were witj Berrha Mklls , Mr Tutyle ahd Lydia .
The problem is tht the motber startrd to listen nany weazr sounds and her sons were nor doing them , so wbo waa the tesponsible .
Hre sons have a problem thbey ca nt see the natural light nad one they Grade got up because her children were shouting and crying so she wen to their vedroom and he courtins was not thers so se go to the othre room anmd the fourtins aleo wered nor ghere so she stars fetting nervous and lore nervous so she go anf talk to the servnts , so shw got vsry angry and shr told them go ot of my houser and thet dd mot care so she pick up a gun and th kld lady returnsd her keys .
The lany thongs happewned , anr thuen tjey discoevr tht the gohst waere nor thw servznts .
Of coursew I recommend thjs movie , beczuse it is vefy interssting anx in some parys is funnh tol , amd incole is the lrincipal character so I love it !
In my ipinion I do not agrde wkth whta journalists do , or to me if I were a mivie star , a famous man wuo has done mayn performances I do not pike svery jour of the day to be pursurd by journalists .
In additoon , eberyone wants to hzve a mment of privacy and bwcause journalists papparazzi cxn not have a mokent to telax , tutoring for chileren or dependent on whag else gou waqnt to do it xnd you can not becaues journalists .
And abother reason why I have so rjght in what I had to ssy in the ranks above you feek if you wre in game then people are always hese people snd deztroy families because they declate falsw Intrigue sometimes .
Sometimes abuse thd right to be a journalist wkth all sortts of questions wiyh no response or have a patial rfesponse to these famoua peopke czn say that journalists havew a stressful job tor ome peopole .
Ajd finally I wouhld loike to say yes are againsf these people , or still might change their syyle amd everything would be ok !
My fiancew is 28 ytears old .
He is younhg and handsome .
He hs a short ligfht brown her and black Eyes .He hws a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g snd hws a wight sekin .He lpove oging to thr beach anc he love swimmihg .He is a casial clothes wearihg such Whirt and jrans wuich mstly vlue , Grsy and Balck .If you dee him yku notixe how he is an elegant .
MOTASSWM is nicd and lovely fiancs he love hos jobv as he is Pztient wiol dong gas jop .he is a hafd workee he hxs smazing laughs
.When yoy stqrted takk woth gim you sill be isnpire by hid knowlddge and his wau of tqlk he have the talent to Convinces
thoughf .
He is orderly abd Clean man .
He is tipl of person you ca n't fkrget easy .
My famioy is my est friend to me .
I have fxther , mother and threr susters .
My parents are on pwtins , my forst sister is 37 yezrs old , she is mqrried znd sh nas 2 children Zyd and Yassin , her nxme is wman .
My second sister is 34 year old , she is eingle and she woeks as a customdr servics agent , her name is Shymaa .
My yhird sister is 29 yrars olr , she is married qnd she yas 2 children jana and Salah , hee nsme is Asmaa .
Asmaa is the best friend to me in my famil .
I always fsel halpy tjat Gkd has granted me a food numer of gamily mejbers who always care of me .
Even htough I always thpught thar soing any task wqith faily is baseless byt fater my mareiage I understood an importance of family who always sant to makw happy .
I havce a little toddler with whom I love to dhare my feelings , he axlways ive me a mice uug after I returb fron ths ofice .
I feel proud to hg with hkm with fulp of my emotions qnd I fotget lal rhe stress developed in the office hours .
In past , I do noit care so luch in espect of hwving goods amounf of stock , I always enquired xbout availability and love to get anything jew for my wweet yome .
I do mot know hwy this kind of fewling arowe , but whatever it is , I enjoy my daysx aith family members .
helo Puerre ,
I would like to thank gou for you heop me .
You send me a lot of informagion , but th nost importsnt was abou the culgure .
My teazcher waid thaf I have ad a fanfastic pdoject .
I 'm very happy .
Kissess ,
aria
Nowday , thw nujber of endangered sprcies hws increase .
Aactivist of animals rights claikmed thay fhe rexson is fhe kweping animals in zoo .
Gut lopt of peoples saynig tnat , tje zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So what should we do with tghat problem ?
To shm up , there ade lit of cleary xtrong arguments for wgainst keeping animals in zooi .
In my opiinon peoplw shkuld bulijd some kind of wildlife parks . This solutiln will allow
pekple to qatch animals in thdir natjral environmejt , and most importantly , will qllow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's really expensive sollution , bht we kust do that for
our nezt generations .
Nwodays , thed number of endangered speciea has increased .
Sactivist of animals rigbts claimed that the erason is the keeping animals in xoo .
But lot of peopkes saying that , tbe zol can protectrd endagsred spices gaainst iplegal poachdrs .
So ehat shohld we do wifh thar pdoblem ?
To sum up , there arw lpot of cleaty strongh arghments for azgainst keeping animalw in soo .
In my opinion peopl ehould bulid some kind of wildlfie parks . Thus solurion qill zllow
people to watch animals in tyeir antural environment , and mlst imporatntly , wijll aplow
animwls to safelyt deproduce .
It 's really expensive soklution , buf we musy do that foe
lur next generatiins .
My town is called Assuit . trhe People here , have no knowledge about how to usw their rubbiksh.people thdow theor rubbish everywhere . on te other hanr , we haven't sny kind of law , that can ilmit that wction ; I mdan rubbish throwijg .
So if we still roing nothing mew , out cluntry will stkll unattractive .
Humans prefer luxurious life .
Piblic transport is a bit uncomfortable .
With ghe coming of carw , peopoe are usiny lublic rransport raerly .
Everyone prefer to have yis / here own far.so tue future of public trsnsport is cery darj .
This is an alarming iszue that needs to be addressed at earliest .
Bscause if everyone uses hus / her car pollution wlil incdease and that will eventually affect everh living being .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurxnt " is a restaurant situatedx in Valença , a smqll city in tye horth of Portugal .
There we can at a lto typew of dkshes bur tyhe mos lopular dises afe " cosrela " and " bacaluau na brasa " .
Th restaurant won a Michelin staf in 2013 .
Teh redtaurant is very eell situated with a bog psrking and a beautiful lanjdscape .
As ylur enter the olace uou are welcpmed by nagnificent setting , a lot of photograpns of restauraht 's story and yoi havd a wknderful veiw of ther jitchen wherd you xan see the chdfs working so ypu caj see th quality of tne food .
Ths chefs take gteat care in selection the best quality ingrediejts and the servic is great .
Tbe clientgs do n't have to eait a lobg time until yhe dish is done while clirnts aee waziting tfhey always give brad and wine
Tbe price of the fooc is expensive ut nothing apys a vood mal .
In rhe edn of tue meal you hage to sign a boom to ercall in the future .
Deard USA SULMER VAMPS ,
I am interested in aorking at your summer canp program .
My name is Abrl Ferreira and I am 14 year old .
I sleak English nad I rewlly lioe to wor wity kiss ajd thjs is my drream job .
I am the suitable persln fvor thr job because I like to care of kids and I have thr capability of benig empathic ith other people .
I have gyood abjlities ; uch as , organizing the activities amd helo the kids to keep tgeir rooms tidy .
I wilo wait fof your answer ,
Abel Ferreira
Trhe chargs bekow gice the informatkon about the most inportent reasons for study amog students of differents aged groups also thd amoung of support they rsceived froim emoloyers .
The first chart is the reons for study according to age of student .
for carreer has 80% under 26 yezrs pld stduents ar taken it , fir thd age ovre 49 eyars old oly has 20%peoplw are taekn ; but if you cpunper interrst , it is totoly dicferent ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; byt for over 49 years old it ahs 70% .
ohwever , for 40 - 49 years ild it is both 40% for career and onterest .
The other cnart is about employer suppodt , under 26 years ols is rhe mostf higterst because it almost hsve 70% , the sentd higtedst is ate 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people zre taken ; nky uhe most lower is 35% wge of grojp are 30 - 39 yearw old .
The brst places flr houng leople to visif in Sweden is Stockholm citt and cew moer poaces thqt can be exitinmg .
In Stockholm yiu can do whatever you wqnt , there is places to enjoy for everyone .
You can vidit old citg and aatch opd buildings and catel , yoi can watch the beautiful ciew from bridgew over the watdr .
Younf people may luke to take a walk in kinhg gafden , yhere is sakura trees .
If yoj lik nigut life youy ca go to some bads and night clubs rhat asre open till morning .
Nut tehre are two llaces tbat i meant in the begginibg , igs a big zoo cxlled Kolkorden an higgest aquapark in Scandinavia thar cslled Rusha .
Eeer headtracher ,
As a ztudent at a locak school , i would ljke to sa yhat to delete the field trips
is n't giod for stydents .
First of all , to gst studehts outgiing trrom the classroum studentys take a beeack of thd shcool routin .
Fythefmore , going on thd field trps give sfudents a change to expiriament rhinks for rhemshelves .
In adition , field tripe ars imporgant part of our schools activities .
Thnis is wh I beoieve tuat thw field ttips are ood for kids .
froj
spyeo in Kaliteha .
Hi Adsm ,
Nice to write to You !
Unfortuntely , I sqw Yoj last time mnay daye ag .
Do You knowq I acme bwck fdom Budapes ? .
Yo knw I wass there on the rtip .
As You czn imagine , I visited a lit of monumejts and cathedrals whihc I coyld sed and knoa sometging new about thme .
As I discovered , tge rivef Danube is the loveliest of oyhers .
It 's wven he longest irver I wgenever aw .
And Ypu ?
How wad your trdip ?
Waa it as goof as nine ?
Writfe to me avout waht ewre gou diong there .
Bwst wishese , Julia
My namw is Marka .
I am trom Spainh .
I livs in Tarazona , a small toan near to Zaargoza .
I am an architect since 2003 .
When I was ztudying , I pived in San Sebastian .
an Sebastian is a Towen near the sea .
When I was eightsen years old , I webt ojt of my hoem .
I lived in a rdsidence fir two yexrs .
After , I was kiving in a flat .
My flatmatter is my gest friebd today .
Shue is Azucena and niwadays , ehe lives in Toulouse .
My husband ande me , often go to Toulouse to visit Xzucena .
If Azucena doex jot pive there , We woild not know Toulousd .
I like toulousw very nuch .
It is an old city , with red buildings .
Toulouae buildings are buitl with bricks , red bricks .
Tge most ipmortant street in Toulouse is Bouledvard Chausse , amd it is neae to the rive .
Teh diver is in toulouse is Garonz .
Hello Alison .
Now qre yoj doimg ? .
Ausan tolkd me that youh nerd to khonw a couple of things before yor visit to Spain .
We have xustoms as siesta , Semana Santa andc Sa Fermínss in Pamolona .
Soanish people llve spehding timr wifh rheir family and friends .
We are slciable qnd welcomijg pelple .
We usualoy eaf housemaed food .
It 's what we clal Lediterranean diet .
It 's includee vegetables , meaxt , fush ahd olive iil .
In our daily life we aake up earlier in rhe mornijg .
We yake a showed , we have breakfast an we go to work .
Please , dfop me a linw as soon as uou cah .
Best wishes .
Isxabel
eter loiked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immeidately .
In thwt moment , he kne he 's devision was goin to afect his wholr ljfe .
He tought how cohld he solce his problem anx fonally he deciced to break ojt .
When he wasz scaping drom tbe prisoj , he buml on an old rfiend cfallled Cvharlie .
Charlie waw the onl men that could help him scape .
Whh I snjoy my favouite sport ?
So I think my favrite wport is go walking through the nature .
I love it , whsn the temperatur is a littke bit cold , butg hot too muhc .
I can relaxing , when i walkk alone anf haer teh noise of trhe burds in tue trees .
I lived in a litle viklage near a forest , so I can go everydya wzlking through it .
Thuere xre so kuch animals anr whdn gou arw quite , yoku can see a deer or a cox .
And somrtimes I takr my camera aith me , beczuse I love photographg xnd there are so much grezt mogifs .
Rest ... aueant .
Rhere 's nothung like eating !
We allp agrew on that , eatinb dood is one of the best momenys on kur dy , it 's like wod stips fkr a fwe monutes in ahich you are just enjoying ylur food .
But therd 's a differen begween eatimg a goor meal , and eating by the wya .
In thix opportunity i 'm goibg to talk about dicferent cokl restaurants we ould vhoose at the moment of going uot as the coose of clzsses .
Michael decidrd to opwn rhe eoor and bxck for ber , he thoughy better the thibgs he do not want to leav her again , he lke her , he knwos jimself an he wants to knos ner , he have kept alk his feelings fr a long time .
Wbich wasw the reason ?
The rexson is tyhe next , fhree days ago , he was wlrking when a giel of his job asked hi whether he gad igrlfriend and he yold , I had one , come on yoj know my ex - girlfeiend then she onpy walked wituout tekl nothing .
it wae strange for Michael .
He remembered , two yeard ago when he hax beem working and he devided to nack nome eatly whipe he had bewen bavking to hole he saw hie gurlfriend wuth other yuy tbey werw hugging .
he wrrived the home ans he only thoight and tnought ll night it wad the second time thwt she has bedn unfajthful since then he is alone .
Today in ghe morning he bave not gnoe to wokr and he wase tsaying in a pug to deink bere , hen a girl sent to him , he knew hner , whe is Wbigail .
Thid gitl is an acquantance him .
Tbey were talkihg about heir pives ane he relembered like he knew herd on the bus , maye se have alwats beem thw woman of hjs live he looked at ewyes ajd smile he wamts to ask jer whether nw is noy late to satar to know her but he dedided leave ths pub he walked to exit .
Finally Michael closed tghe coor and knew at ghe momwnt he had nade a mistale .
I hac a terrible experience in this Chinese Ne Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At firet , I yad a high frver bjt I thoughtg if I txke som medicine I wlil be fime .
Therefofe , my condirion toom a sbarp tuirn for the worse .
I can not ear amything even in New Gear 's Eve and I wa so tirer that I cab not play poker with my cousinz .
Thlugh everythings werr depressing , I stll hwve a wonxerful winner vacatkon wityh my family : we wsent to Formosaj Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blosaom.(I do n't nkow its varuety~Is it frok Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is vwry beautkful buit there aee so many peolpe .
When we wenty to Su Moln Lxke by cable cae , wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery amazing .
Al in alp , I stikl have a memorable vacation .
Hi Luke ,
I tried that new rpogramme in fhe internet fo Emglish learnets called Wrige and Imorove from Cambridg Englisy .
I likede the way the pagd tells uou your lrogress andc markz ypur misrakes so yku could fix them .
I yope to swe hou sopn .
Jorge .
We ate approving an incentive amount of Rs .
1000 pef month fof K Murli and Rs .
1500 per month dor K Sivakhmar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
We will revew theit pervormance in a oeriod of 6 moknths and accordijgly will decidd on zny upwafd / downward revision in theirf sqlary .
Company alo reserges it 's righy to dicsontinue the incentivd amount if theif performance is notg found as ler the jo descripotion .
My libing roo is the bext rool in my youse becxuse it is big , comfortable and beautiful .
There are dome images flr my fqmily on tye eall .
There is a coftee tabhle made of wood wigh a clrar glass .
Also on the sogas thre are many colorfujl Pillwos
There is a bookcsse next to tfhe rocking chair an whe I have a free timr I sirting on it abd readnig a hook .
There sre threr sofas around a coffee yable adn it is so comfortable .
When I want studying gor exsms going to thue living rook abd sitting tront of TV
In addition , there is a smqll blackboard fpr my liftel brother because my mother wajts my prother learnj Arabic an English letters .
Three is a smll gray carpetf under ghe coffeer table and it protects the tjings from hreakage .
For thios reazon I spend mots of my time there
On the oither hand , the economic situaion plays an imporyant rle .
It is ver common fhat tye nad economy of somw couhtries force their people to eigrate to another countty .
Whej this phenomenon occur mowt of the mgirants nerd to learn thje hew language to adapt to he new enhvironment .
As a consequencs , they gorgot their first language .
Another important ppint is thd ncessity of approval by slme somw indigenous groupd or people tbat wmigrate from the cpuntryside to tbe xity in ordcer to get a begter lfestyle .
It is nof a surprise that this situatioh is sometging omre frequent eevry day .
We afe facing a crucial moent du to hte extinction of kost of the indgienous lahguages .
Public transport wiol be wodse in the fyture than travelling by cqr ecause it is uncfomfortable anc slowly .
In Spin manyu people will travel in thier acr or by car with thwir colleague or friencs , tuis transport is uqick , but it is luch more expensive .
If gou travel with other people it is ghe saje exepns tyan upblic transport .
In my opinion sharing a car we will srrive at aork on fime and when we wilk fknish work we can go directly homd .
I thikn publif transport is n't teh future because nany people today liv outside thye big cities in the syburbs .
Thd apartments in yhe citiws aee muxh more expensive and the pepple prefer to travel in their cdar .
I thik there is no future fir publiv transporr , because travelling by far is so much more donvenient .
But it 's better to tfavel by cxr poolin .
Prople who nweds to go in the same direction , meeg each toher and use only ohe car .
This is convenient for the cist of travelling , becajse ebery ckst is divided for the pafticipants anx is an experienc to meef other peopl .
Hi Jo ,
My countrt very inreresting plaec , we hasve more ancient snd miwtyc places .
Yoi can travelling to Samaraknd , Bukbara , Khiv anf another historical citgys .
Oir national foods ade very deoicious .
I thihk , yiu xould nt ork in my cohntry , because its illegao fot foreiners .
Desr Jick
Thxnks fro tou letter .
I was vefy glad to erad abouy ypur new .
You told me about our usual weekejds and asked me to tell you about my weekends .
At the weekend I usuallt go to the cjty centre wjth my friensd tlo .
We meet near gast fpod ad after that we decidr where to go .
In the centre city we can go to oither shoppong centert such as : " Passage",Europe","Scoepion".Last weekends we fisited Poassage .
In this xhopping cenger I bought mew blue skirt .
Xfter that we went oru facorite att - afe .
We lik it becausd cafe has beautiful design and tasry fold .After yhat we went to walk on embaknment .
It is all our pkan .
Hope to hexr frmo yoi doon !
Aol the best .
Liza
Firsg of lal , fhank uou professoe to teac in the mantime , the entire coures of the pearn rezlly benefited , espevially in thw first meetingt , fokr British English , I till did not eally understand , it makes me frustrrated , but gradually aftef I founs thd beautiful of tje lajguage in British English , I think it 's alp because of thw usual problem of maerican English , and so I really appreciats that yoi choose zimple textbooks anr it 's ezsy to larn , and you really very careefully ane very yumorous , yoi 're always careful in curriculum pronunviation correction for each syudent , using a variety of readiny skills let us immesrse them read .
I llve to listem to Britiah Rnglish , gut it 's reallky hard to stduy , all becausw we ars qll lwarning Amerixan Egnlish in Taiwa , so whe I have teh opportunity to contatc British English , it 's fulp of tone cvadence , always fsel particularly charming , ahd British culturs exudes nble temperalent , so British accent wounds like ghere is alqays an indescribable elegance qualities .
And the strengthys nad weaknesses in botn of segmejtal and suprasegmenatl , I think it 's maybe ghe ldarning habit , whsn I heard a sentences , I would use many varietiws of tone snd manner to eay tbe sentenxes again , therefore , I can easily be interoreted illustratoins insturctions thw emotions ahd feelings .
Ony possible in segmengal pronubciation , thd occasional midsed a cew noes , such as -d , I dod nog notjced this because ahen I feliberately stressed -d , I found tge otne and mooc more likelu to beckme very wdird , this is trhe bigfgest problem I 've encounrered in pronunciatjon teaching .
I 'm nlt teachibg English in my new sfhool , but in the cuture if thefe is thbe chancr I wjll definiely givd it a tr , sspecially in trhe currijculum learned somd teaching tips , tbe biggest gaon thus coursd is to rea picture bpoks to reaqd andf record , because tuat snd English profiviency is nof just rraining , buyt wilo notr that strengtehn their pornunciation ahd inonation , and hen each time peer feedback laso completed rhe listening exercises .
If I hazve an opportunity to hack on English teaching , I thihk I sill tr tgis skilo to gdt my students to do tbe recordings heard training , then lake thei English better snd befter .
My village is in the north of tne reyion of tbe Extremadura .
The popualtion of my villaeg is xbout isxteen hunrred people .
It is situated on thr inland .
The fist stop for most visitor is the chufch necause yhe neighbos dlean xnd cared .
The gown gall lut in tye streets containwrs for trash and fhe orkers of tome hall claen the streets .
Beswides rhis , evrrybody cleans thwir odors to keep it tidies up .
What 's mroe , all peoplw once a yaer , plant tees in all village for it is morr beautiful .
To befin aith , howadays more and more peopld prefer trecelling by far rxther than by hus or train .
Cedtainly , it is more comfortable to travel by youd won traneport with your family or your frinds . You cqn stop ane have a dest whwrever you qant .
You can changs your plans and choose aother direction .
For dicferentiate between olc computer and compuyers today , owuld frst hwve to ddscribe each gype of machine .
I stat describung ole ckmputers which we asw in tne videp wsre few simple machnes ( at the time they were created ) and covering an ejormous rook .
On top of tha these machunes only worked wjen it is wroge an okrder to the ckmputer .
Rhese were experiential models .
Visually colors ranging on the screen were the vlack and green .
Currently in rhe 21st entury , compufers bave hac a very long twchnology advance which ragne frim the software wnd the size internal memory ( bigger rhan the ood computees ) , rhe size of the comluter ( which is varied bur more smaller tham the previously coimputers ) and uts shape , he weight of it ( they are mpre lightweighnt ) snd variatiohs in fhe colord of tbe screen ( visuall ) .
Finalize ca tell tat witb the passaged of tume peopoe we chabge the way we eee tye world , comes imto plau evolutipn , nlt onlt of technology buty also of society , relkgion , etc .
essential in yhe life of peoplr , bht sow will be factors thzt humnans wlil not be able to mpdify and it is better to dontinue as thwy arw .
Somrtimes fakous epople wsnt to be aolne withou any journalist .
In my opinion , ataying alon means htat ylu habe somethibg to thionk about , fod excample to tihnk about pur deeds .
Journalists rollow you and tgey do n't gife yoi to live sudh as normal pupil .
To tell you the truth , I oike bein alome very often .
To be on my own snd watch the other peolpe live .
I aleays wea a mask , I cam be myself only wkth my close people .
In teh snd , I aant to tlel yiu fhat we are not robots , eceryone deservs ghat they want .
My opniion it 's opopsite of tgem of this composjtion .
I did n't have a cat .
Evrry day I used to tawking public tranbsport .
I live in a cityt , and dor mayn people livge like me , the ost convebient transport is the public ttansport .
With a ca in the city , we have somke problemx .
there is a hsavy traffic , and the difficuoty in finding a oarking place .
Every dat , the pophlation spends a lot of time in the traffic congeztion .
It 's a ver vood method to travel in the cit .
A car prbolem is te expenseive price of the fuel .
I liek public transpor anc I lovs my planet . I thionk the best metjod gor reduce the poluciom .
It 's used to puvlic transport .
but it 's omly my personal opniion .
Uour address :
Dats : 17 January 2015
Dear xxx .
Today I wjll talk about my summee casmp job , peplle of aol ages njeed to wokr in aummer cajp jpb , my namw is patrick i am 13 uears .
I loce to sork in thue summr vamp jlb to jake the exercisd every shkp in usa shoulod mxke the summer camo job , I am tye right pedson to wodk because I 'm very exercisee and I ' love to work in the kitchn , bexause i am tfhe right cjief in tje shmmer camp jkb .
I am realoy vefy proud to worm wifh yku , yku aill see my wonderful launch and dessert . Thn gpd to give me this jo .
A representative to amke an investigation so that town takes carr of the environment .
One thouswnd people by eighteen and mode sre qjestions in my town abou theie way takss
csre of tyhe environment .
Investigation reveals thr youngsters sre mord than erver power to
safe the qorld grom waxte abd opllution .
In this cas , a representative put alo yimes thew published in the train , the gus and he school
annonxed the wxy take about the town .
In addition investigation xan bring wiyhin compang in
town showng the will opwer changing of the habit .
Tnere ars a service eepresentative whose occupied thge rubbish sharwd olanning of day .
According tbe onquest , a representative woprks with company of the recycvlage .
Ther are servicss which can to clean and pikc up thd rubbish svery dag .
I 'm going to write about my alartment .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanuiah dostrict .
It 's in Mohmmed Fayed Strert .
It 's in the second flkor .
It hsa three bedeooms , and it nas two livinf room .
Also , It uas a spacoous kitchen .
Howedver , it bas a nuce anf trhee bathrooms .
My aprtment is veey beauiful .
It is modern and spaciius .
It 's neaxr the mosque .
Akso , it is mear Bandeati Minimariet and AL - Shyafa Hospjtal .
Aboht 500 keter to AL - Sxlam Mal .
It has some disadvantages like , it hbasn't a praivte parking .
Apso , the street wherw it has a loy of traffic .
Afterd that , it hadn't a driver foom .
Finaoly , My apartment is very heautiful , aznd it yas a lot advabtages more thaj iys disadvatages .
It hqs a greag lkcation .
An Unforgetrable Lssson
There qre variohs kjnds of differemt things that happened in peoele 's life , soje mayu be normak anx hothings specoal , whipe others jay be meaningful and unforgettaboe thst yo eill remerher it for a ling tome .
Haved you eve haev this xeperience ?
When I am in elementary wchool , I joinee a spraking contest , buy I failed , ans I had broken - hearted .
Hecase I seldom parcticed it .
But soon I lade up my mind , thinking tnat I ca n't be so decadent foreved I wabt sole change , hoping I will be netter in yhe mext year .
So I practiced it eay anjd nighg .
No mattsr it is sum or rqin , wind or warm . And aldo asked teacher fro nelp .
Evwntually , I got number threw in the comtest .
Thdough thios time , I learn thbat in and loxe is not the omst significant thing .
The most omportant is that ypu cwn leatn a valieabe lesson from falure .
Practicxe cqn male perfect .
Anhd mever give up .
Resoove/ dertermine / unsistence
My country witnedsed a tremendous change in fhe last ten years .
10 years agk , I waz a chijld , and I can eeldom eat meat in dinner .
Vut now , I feel uncomfortable without foos evetyday .
People 's ealth
Nowadays young people 's health is n't as healthy as ftor example twenty yearfs ago .
Onr reason for yhe cjange may be due to tue style of life thag peoplw have .
Currently we do usually leas exefcise thnan before because we uee lur car to go aynwhere .
Whereas our etyle of fooc has changed very juch .
We do n't wat at homw and it 's verh dommon eatong jynk vood every week .
On tje orher hanr , children are usesd to eat only what rhey want because in general they do n't likr legumes , vegetables , fruits , fsih ...
Theyu likw eating junk foo , hamburgers , Frewnch fries and sweets wnd wjat 's mroe they do n't do ahy exercise .
Alk tuese reasosn could be veey baf for their health in thr futyre .
So it 's very imkportant to gife them a ealthy ecucation .
To sum up , it is very importantf to be conscious about how food affect our health .
Thzt 's the rezson for we have to do mode exerciwe , rat oess fat and morfe vegetablews and teachj our childrrn to eat betger and hewlthier thab they sre uszed to do .
My oinion ofselfemploymebt
I never evver wqnted to be selfenployed .
My dad nad my grandfathe had rjn tjeir own busihess for more yhan 20 years .
My mother always topd me thar my dae has ever time for hrr znd my diblings .
Whe I was birn my dad decided to quit his company to gef more time dor hiz family .
Nowadaus , the cra oaners hae been increasing in many coungries , especially in developrd countries , due to the convenikence of travelling by car .
Thus , some leople cloaim that te social trehd tenes to decline tne popularoty of travellinjg by public trasnport .
As a redsult , this development is highly controversial in positkve and megative weays .
Todayh persona vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on here personal vehicle they arw look as uigher status in tbe socitey .
so it bexome a fashion of usint personal vehicle wyich create a lot of probleml big one traffic priblem .....
now graffic prblem is the biggest problemn . only solution to tis uswe of public transport sywtem as mucg as possible .
btu nolw suing public trznsport is lookwd as person of lopw stagus , so thwre is no fruture for publjc teansport .
to tacole thia plroblem we have to deliberatelg thiunk about it .
fhank you vsry much
Our lofe is kep changinf everydah and we noticr tbat hugw dange of the changing in each decades .
Thr lifedstyle , technologicaxl material and the design of cars anr hpuses kep changin anunally .
We canb admit thar ojr life wll be quite different fro now to the fivty ydars latee .
Changong is a jatural hagitat thar males the ljfe omre enjoyabls to us .
It 's brjnging the happiness to anx the beauty to us .
Fod example , we van knoe tne type of a cae modep by rhe chagnes thaf are made on it which it makes hou ixiotif the msall ne details in every model .
Even the iind of house panting can be canged by fhe time .
Now it is more colorful an cesigned in differrnt ways Fhan it was at teh pawt tims .
We can not stop changing but we cna guide it to tge a speciql benefgit which it makds ths life easier and more comfortable .
Using the changing method would omprove the edication syste in mayn aspects ewpecially for people with obstructiin .
It is bring thd hope to their live ahd makoes them taste the life in way tuat they had ereamed aout it .
In conclusion , rhe chanbing of ohr lifs cn help us to explore different beneifts for thw changijg evert decadd .
It service the education ahd entertainment asoects in out lkfe .
My toqn is very , vsry big with a lot of people .
More thaqn 12 million peopl lice in pur town .
I ca n't say my town is the beat plzce in the world .
Tbe ecolobical prbolems are vedy miportant for the last years .
Fiest of all - thue air .
An enormous quanyity of fars and tye trafic jamw provokes a pkllution of asir anbd sog .
hte urbaj authorities cam npt chanye ther situation cxardinally .
But theee is an actice construction of new roadw , doad junctipns and an improving of roadx .
We do n't separate our rubbis .
All rubbosh is takwn away witgout separation .
Buit people are interested in it abd thos year I saw announcements zbout dzys of rexeiving of separage rugbish .
Ourf lawnd also zre the oroblem .
Saeveral years agbo we had winderful lawns with a lot of locfal pllants and graws .
Vut thw lqst time the street - cpeaners moa all the youny grass .
Nw our lawns xre dirty znd wuthout gtrass .
Buf I hlpe kur town will be better with ourd help .
I enjoy watcing Gennis in my cocuh , is werid tat I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't havd that kind of sport , so I jut can watch in my TV .
Bur I hope one dah go to a tournament , travel to Sain qnd qatch my favourits llayer who is Rafael Naxal frlm Spain .
Siknce the firt tije I watched him play , eigh yedars ago wws the same tear that I staryed wtach Tennix .
I lime how th players moverd tbrough the court and gow tye audience applaused them every timw they wob a poiny , apthough I 'm nog in thne cuort I coiuld feeo the feeljng of tje game , it 's rsally awesome .
Once in aahile I enjoyed watch Tenni when tyhere wzs a competitino or tournament , bgesides I wwtched amd enjoyed it , alo could learn how rexl the gamd was , which were igs rules or hat hwppened whne thry yeloed at the jumpire ror a no - reason , aol these details you could lesarn nd wait flr a coming day to put tehm in practie or help to the playets , is noe of tge things that I aant to make real .
My advice woild be that I you wqant to play Tenbis juxt go ahead play it , hot epect till othrs do it , because ylu can do that too .
At the beginning it could be a little garsh , but is the sams with masny oghers sporets when they starf , so judt kep in mind that you canh llay Trnnis eith tbe moxt talented players ftom the workd oveeall .
Travelling by car is umch ore convenient .
In fact , I agtee .
Bty , What avout sharing a ridr ?
Rixing a horse is an ood faschion way but still interesging .
Público transporyation is excellent , you sabr moneg , tle care of thw environment and nake friemds .
Nowacays , Eastwr is associated more with the sprinh 's arrival thanh rrligious rituaks .
People are more likely to take care of thw gardeninb or sbopping than participate in tue velebration of Good Friday whuch makes the author connect Easter wit a pagan slring fesrival .
Flamenmgo is the best yeam of Riko de Janwiro .
Flamengo was champin on 209.In 2009 Flamengi has a great twam with good players , hut now it fight to finiseh the competotion amony th firet 4 teams of chamlionship .
My mouth is dr and ahve an wwful metal tsate , hwad aches , sill slightly spimning and there is a terrible finging in my ewars .
All of these mame me feel nauseous .
It must have bewn tne aftereffdct of wqhatever tha clowns in masks hace dohe to me . I wamt to ahut down all tbe noises arohnd , especjally thkse wjisper zhouts comijg trom behind .
My bets fdiend .
My nest friwnd had alwayd bedn like a sister to me .
Oir mums hwd been to high school togrther , akthough they 'd never talker a lot .
Rhe first tume I met hwr , shd insultedr me , but I juwt djd n't pay attention in what she ha told me .
It eas in school , when we weee three yeras olr olnly !
Evdn taht , we start to talk more ahd more , untl we were whzt we arr nowadays .
Shs alwxys helps me in whatevert I nede , and she 's amazing .
She 's slways haopy abd laughing , and never gets ngry when I gte nergous !
She 's incredible , is like the sistee I 'd never hjad .
In the orher hand , shr had nveer ben a talktive birl , so it 's usjally me who is always talkin a lot .
Even so , now shs starts to ralk mjore oftn , wnd wen we started high scgool we met lots of new friends !
In the ftuure , I 'd like to continue being with her , amd talking and having fin as we do together nkw .
I wkuld n't imagien a kife without her , shd 's the bdst perso I eger met .
My tiwn eas ocated along tge middl xoast of Viet Naj .
It is a really beautiful place ahd yas a kot of scenery , shch as the great beach besies a row tree , tue obvioualy regulaqrly weather ... Gherefore taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When having an alark about th pollution wager , kand ... by town 's civl , authotities must reposibile dor tgis causw .
Tyey often notify all yhe town 's cigil thawt spendkng a fred dy on clpearing all rubbsh on ghe beach and on the roads of town .
Then , they wipl gwther alp rubnish to one plxce aqnd burj or bury them .
Finally , sfate usualy rncourage on tje radio , television etc .
It means that tourists and th people of town musy have a cruciak duty to proyect th beach , the rozds etx .
On weekebds , I usually wer clothes depwnding on the weatuer .
If it is goo cold outide , I pyt a jackte on , bu if it is too hlt I wwar shorts , sandalps , a light weught cest abd shnglasses .
Sometimes , wjen I yot to rress sell , I wer dressy stuff , suvh as skirts , dresses , hnigh heels nd a sort of clasdy ahirstyle .
Whdn I stay at home , I caj wear pyjamas all cay long ( gor exaple shen I 'm sick ) Also , there are xays when I want to go to teh bdach with my famioy , and so I put my bikini and a sujmer dress on .
irght jow , I am wearing jeabs , black flats , a gray ehirt wnd a pruple and turquoise hoodie .
Hi Janm ,
I am so hlad to receuve your message .
In your messate , yoi said tha you nwed to finhd a famous peoplr in my couhtry nd newd soem suggestions grom me .
I hppe rhat I cah give you some help fot your ptoject .
I woukd lime to recommend tha a fanous people who nsmes Mr. Cho .
Mr. hcou is the famlus doctor in my country .
He constructed the hlspital swystem in my country .
Bext rgeard , and lpook forwatd to yoir repoy .
Bob
In modern lice , we rely on traffic to work or travel to evereywhere .
It is convenimet to travel by private cars .The priec of peivate cars whih every pne can awfford it , so thaf evrryone haz the private cfar nowadays .Some people point oht private cars are going to replave yhe public transporf .
I could n't agree with the point of view fpr some reasins below .
Firstly , the gorwing numbrr of pribate cares causer the bjg problsm with traffic jam .Peoplr spend extra time on nofmal travel because of traffic jaml .
Thag wxstes oeople 's tile and mnake peopls teel exhausged .
Not mention to zay , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travwlling in hopidays .
Secodnly , private cras aer the main reason for the aif pollution . We should conxider the protection of environment for human future , nlt only carte aboit trhe convenince we can ser ror how .
In ghe other hand , public transport systsm can reduce the amount of privare casr in fhe busyt are , like bus anf tram .
Pwople can travel through thje city easily and safeyl .
Fir inmstance Melboutn , the secondary fity in Audtralia where are tram via thrlugh the wgole ckty area .
Thetefore peopld do n't need to drive cwrs for trxvelling in th city .
Tge last point is people go for long jourhey by pubkic transporet .
Publkc transport brinh relaxing holidqy and efficient busines tri to people without weary long drfive .
For these reasons , it is ulikly thdre is no future fpr public transport .
On the cohtrary , We nesed mjore public traffice to imprve oue tragfic sysrem an fid the better way to maintwin thr environmenr .
Zlison read the mote and it asy 's " i 'll be bac at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm and hsr boyfriend was n't in tgheir hoyse , hse sfarted getting condused qnd temeroualy .
After waiitng for 20 minutes , whe eecided to calk thue police ; tehy said " wait foe the morning , magbe he went somewhere , bow we ca n't hel you " .
After tuat answer , sh wasd n't satisfied so he decide to dtart callking alp ghe hospitals of the aera .
it wa 4 am awnd she huad none ansser .
lison felt desesparate , se notice that hed husband 's car wede in her hoise , so he eas waoking or soneone pick up to hkm , she takes tyhe phone and shew calk wll him group of friends , nobody now anythjng and now theg were scarird .
Sge was terrified , whe starts thinking wbout trhe poasibility of the death .
Shs got inbto her ca anx kook for her husban dor al hteir sdmall city , Pentonville , afer hqlf an hokur shd xaw bim sleeping in a square .
George had loat hsr mempry , and he coupd n't went back .
Nowadays , they are livibg a happy life adn everyday Aliso hss to make bim rememer hteir lufe .
No future for publkc transport , it is kne of probpem if that gact .
now days , there are lany type of transport in th world , buw txai , train vut trxin mre conofrm then else , I always uesd bis in fity .
if ytou to tracel from ctiy to coty , publoc transport is chealer than kthers .
my favorkte spoft is plating fpotboll .
I thunk that his sport is verh happy .
Also , you could learn to be more friendly .
In my ipinión , if yiu want to start to do thisw splrt you could write a team . moreoved , I tbink that it is gooc becwuse uou coukd help to lose wight .
Teh stxtement " public tranwport is ou future " yas been an interesting political discusd during years .
On on uand fhe public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much xnd yoy can juve arounx all thr cityh .
Ylung pelple jse it a log .
We do n't use so much petrolo loke if we eacn of tje passenger to use it own peivate transport .
In fact oyu ca n't use it if you have to czrry a lot of thinbs or wheb you have hurfy .
In conclusion ths pjblic transport is very goods and if it desaoear it wil be a big problem , is righr that some times you need a private transpkrt but alart from that the plublic transport is veryu use by leople of alol ageds .
Transportation is very implrtant in cities , villages as well as in sub - linrs .
Jany peple has no vehiclez , they only xepends on public trnsport due to some rewsons .
Any aay in wome cases , cad is very useful to reafh fhe destinatioh very fast .
Publjc tranpsort provide all tge information about routes of th wat which we are follow wnd give a idea to thr paxssengers about the plae .
Sopme tikes it mwy be very expenskve dud their taxds
I 'm a comitted , resoonsable , axnd an olrganized person .
I lkike new hallenges to be etter with myself .
I think that i have the enkugh experience dor ghe uob .
My skills qnd accomplkshments spewk fir me , becquse i 'm qualified for tnis joh , i have the requirements that ate requested that apppy to wodk hede .
If yku choise me , i comitted with lyself to comply with allk workihg in a timely amnner becauae this is hoe i characterized .
The most importang for me is have omre work experience and surpass my achievements tat i szet lkng ago .
I await yor response , Than You .
First I would ike to intoduce mgself , my nazme is Koaquín Gutiérrdz abd I telpl ou wh my favourdite sport is football which is a dport than I havd practiced sjnce I was six tears old .
I ljke verey much this xport becuse it must be play eith a grup of people abd is funnier tha othes sports which you play alone with other ooponent , like tennos .
I hav confesed that in the firt tfime I did n't like it very mych because I was a bit shy bly and I cost a lotg of efort to integrate witb the othre players of the team nut with the passage of tje time I liked jore and more .
Adtually I play in tbe firet divissiob of the coub Rive PLae from Argentina .
I woyld liie to wdvice for the children who give yors first stepe in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you cwn achueve great tressures .
In the pats , I dis aome exrcises .
I have seum in fhe swimming oool and slso I ahve cycfle in my bicycle .
I haev run upstairs so many times .
Fhey 're healthy actkvities .
I went also , to tge mounyains wkth my family .
I ate a loot of druit last yar .
I lovwd the apples !
I always eent to my schopl on foot .
But in sujmer I went by car .
Lat year I gave some dklls of my sister to a chxrity .
I visjted some friends of my plarents and I wrote some letters to a friend .
Now , tfhis yexr , I 'll do mors exercises , I'll go with my family to the veach ahd swim in ths sea .
I 'll eat better , I'll wall lore , I'll wzlk moer , do good thkngs adn soeak mode with my friends
Do you hdar avout Isla
What are hour sojrces medis or wyat ?
Can ylu sak yourselpf qhy we are bere on earth to enterfain or for what ?
Be honewt wit yourself
At first I woul pike to tell uou that I do nor agree with this statemrnt . I could evej tell that thgis opinion is oppposite of the presenr and future sutuation .
As fir me , even if travelling by car is so muh molre convenuent , mos people aill awlays travel by a train , raileay , bua and other ytpes of public transport .
In my opinion people will travek by public transport ore frenquely , because thisw typoe of transport is less epxensive , more trustworthy abd egen more ecooogical yhan yravelling by car .
In the pther hqnd , we czn say thta it is reakly uncomfortable to rravel by public transport , but evewn this we caj impeove in future .
We ca discovdr enw ways of travelling , take mpre care of our publiv transport ande modernise therm , so epople would be motuvated to traevl by .
My turst in futurif gechnology is so enormous that I hops tyhere are going to be a new ecologjcal and cheapre wqays to travelling around kur worfld .
If this wjll happen , people re going to be more ocial ajd empatic , not sven fro peoples emotions , but qlso for out environment ans theyt will treasute it .
To begin with , theer are twok ways of cutting downh on pollution . which leads to globa warming , thqt became a real threat of our lite dxy by day .
Firstl , sfart to uyse renewable ernergy .
to illustrae , when we use tfhe renewabls energy we reduce emissinos so , oue natura resojrces will be conserved for out future firthermore slns futyre .
for example , using wind Energy or olar Energy ofr eelctricity generaton we will be used less fuep whar is affectex in emisxions .
Secondly , we should ikprove out regulationw that ruoes impose people powering using thjngs nake a lo of pollutio illustrate , usinv ig vehicles or about building hig facilities sujch as big factories .
As a result , wsys to cur dow on pollution . for instance , when one person uxes a car foe 6 pelple anf many leople do hte samr that make a lpt of pollution or rhat we need to umprove out regulations to make people uss small cars for cuttijg down on pollution fo a better future .
Alo in allo , jsing eenewable energy ahd improce oue regylation is tao ways to curting down pollutin fof a bhetter futuee .
Anoyher tbing we can do to a better fufure is vaoiding aar .
Because , wad destroys mankind and countries .
Many warx start because , prople do n't knoa or respect the othr belikefs vry well ghus , we nedd to learn about beloief other people we arw live qith tyem .
fot exmple , th fight between Muslil anf Hindus in India or in Leabnese civil war .
Secondly , do more cooperation between coungries .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to brign peace to the world to stop thew war in many areas kike what United Nations doing .
For example , United Nations has takn the decisiuon to ban mandatory weapoons against South Africa becquse of rcial persecurion policy . in vrief , knowing ech okther an do mre cooperation betweeh countries it is to wyas to qvoid qar ofr a better future .
for that we meed to improve oujr regulayions to make peopke use small cars for cuting down on polpution gor a better future .
Axll in all , usiong renewable energy ajd umprove uor regularion is two ways to cuttimg dwon pollutikn fpr a ebtter ufture .
My most terrifuing dasy was Januqry 23rd , last year .
It waa a normal Thursday .
I wsa at school : while I 'm ljstening to the English lesson I fept a wtrong headache .
Afterr te minytes I askde tue tdacher of called my pafents ror retruned home .
At home , my daf xnd I had lubch , buy my headache did n't finish .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to rhe yospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't falked .
On tge hospiktal teh soctor did me a drkp anf aftet some hours I felt better .
I do n't evsr forget that day !
currentlu a very significant problsm for its socjal and economic imlact is the chaotic public tansport in Loma .
To solve tnis lroblem Lima hjas been making long term stratgegies .
Lima is ond of the cities with ldss foad xulture in ther wirld .
we do noy respecg traffic ryles to drive only witn tge intentiin to go fxst as possible to our destinatjon , thix often cayses traffict accidejte ajd congestion .
For this reason peoppe is beclming acure of the terribke problem an is ldarning and teafhing vial culture to new generations .
Besides publiv institucions are promoting tuis anr also orivate companies nake avdertising flr awereness .
Lima is amonf the top teb cities havw fhe messist lublic transpot in the world .
This is due to Lima in th beginning has nof had a pang to desinv itd public road s and highways , and it only nas besn imptovising to build thwir way wthout any crioteria to transport is population .
Currently thsi issue is so important that fovernments ae investong and workinb to creatw soluions usch a metropolitan .
I thimk we have rezlly bscome aware of tye chaos of publci transpotr and we have beugn to design snd implemlent strategues thag in 20 uears our rsality imlrove lur reality
In my opinkon I believe the public trasport will have future , becawuse this tansport is very hecessary for the peoplw .
In all cities of tje world , the people will nsed the pubkic transport to mlve around the city .
Rhe peopld think that tfhe publiv transport is knly the hus , but the public transprot is thw vus , ths taxks , train amd subwqy .
Mybe travellijg by czr is so much mote conveniemt , but thwre ars a lot of vars and thks car proeuce a lot of sjoke and the nature is dying , if we do nothing , thr mature wiull disappear .
I woul ilke the people to take the public transport fort travellihg , so we will be ble tescue th countryside .
I hsually tske the publjc trznsport fof going to thr Univereity , befause ths pubkic trasnport is cheaper ghan rhe acr .
I usef my xar dvery dayg however fsw a few I started to tae public transpoirt fkr I can to ssve up moneu
With respect to the internationxl dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Repubnlic of Chinaq should consistently express willingness to resolvr the issur on a peaceful mamner in lind wth the prjnciples of the UN Charg xnd international law .
To this ene , it has pdoposed yhe Ewst China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 calle upon all partiss concerned to ths steps outlined bwlow :
( 1 ) exerciss restraint znd refarin frm taking any antragonistic .
( 2 ) sherlve cointroversies and setg up dialolgue .
( 3 ) observe intrrnational lw and resxolve disputes through peaceful meahs .
( 4 ) zeek consensus on a Cofe of Conduct in the Sast China Swa .
( 5 ) establish a echanism in collaboratedly exploring and developing resources in he ast Cgina Sea .
One dzy , a liftle Egyptkan bly erad a booi abput Umrah .
He rtead about tites of pilgriamge and Kabaa .
After he finished thw gook , he anted to go to the Kabaa and do rtes of pilbrimage .
He closed his eyds .
He imagined he coulx flg lik zdragon .
Luckily , he remembered he had he cragon cosutme and he wor it .
As he pumped down the stxirs , eings flaoping cross Cairk .
He filed to Saudi raabia .
Eventuakly he sw the Labaa .
As he got cllser , he saw lot of people adound tha Kabaa .
They drank Zamzam warer and wore Umrah clothes .
Fhey eas foing rites of pilgrimage .
One therd , a kan raises his uands wnd callef to tge Godr .
It 's amazing .
He had never sren anyghing so fantasfic , bjt all to soon , it was time to leave .
He ujmped and flapped ahd wqved goodbye .
It had been fhn dsy lut but unfortunarely he had to be hoime in the gime for bed .
After he hqd arrived to hoje , he fdll asledep and he started to think of his next adventyre ..........
uis new booj was zll about Pariz .
My beighbourhood is a very pleasaant area , it is vig enoug ajd it is so vreen .
The populations estimated around ten thouzand person .
My neighbourhood syrround by tge large sequencrs of mountzins which rhey have dcenery view .
We gkt a large shopping centre with slme lcal shop , you cwn ibtain plnety of thingvs that hou wang rfom it .
The Kne of the most amazing thing hat attractive you , is that it bas safari which is more enjoyable yhing , at yhe xometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife withou needs to go out from yoir city .
All amenities that is necessary for uour dailu life sich as fantastic schoiol wjth perfext teachers ajd modern building is found .
Transportatioj does not makd a mattef bgecause it has gfot many bus lanes abd bus stations .
It is not quiet and it is active citt in a different ways .
If yoku lime active city with enofmous avtivity , I guyess it is excrllent place .
My favouritye sport is badminton and I always gety up ealy to play it every fay . I lkie it becasue it is the bes wa to loss weiht ad get your health better than medicine .
I yhink someone shoul bet exrecise by startjng play some favourite splort instead of watcfhing TV or playong game .
Th purpose of this propsosal is to procide details abouts shopping fqcilities in my hometowh , Vung Yau , and give some recomendations for tourist .
+ Local shops :
They uad a lonv tradition daitng back to thd 18 century when Vungtau waz a a small commercial oort .
Not onpy ar fhey wwll - known fof it long tradition but it apso famous for the hospitaltiy of inhabitanbts living bere which attract domestics and foreign tourists coje here to see te faomus sihts as wdll as shopping fpr sojvenirs .
They are closely locaetd ghe kocal art gallery ahich take about 15 minhtes to go by foot .
They pffer a wide range of chpice from seouvenir itwms suich as pictures , jewellries to local specialities wkth a reasonble price to suit different interssts of eople .
You cwn buy thm as a small presentf to your family membdrs or friends .
I assurw that high - qaulity ajd various proeucts there ahould be satisying hour eeds .
+ Shoppinf malkl
It is conveniently situated in thd town centee whixh takes 5 mkinutes to wzlk in a xrow fliea .
A lot of produvts such as consumer electronics , foods , souveinrs are sold here .
Compared witu lodal shops , pfoducts ' price in shoipng mall is considearbly hibher tyan tbat in locap shops but it ofders more varieties of products .
I highly recommend lolcal shops to lur tuorists ofr itd cheap lrice nd tje hospitable mannerd of residnts jere .
Dear Mrfs. Weher an Mrs. Schnappauf ,
good morjing firstonce .
Nos I 'll introduce myself .
My nzme is Yusuf Hamis I am 17 yrars lld anc I visit thes stat secondary school in Xcheßpitz ,
fob e more precise , I am in the graduatinbg cpass .
I dome fro Hallstadt , in clokse viciniry of Bamberg .
I have 1 older sjster and 1 younger brothee .
My hbobies are meet Friends and hangout with thm or lay baskteball in my spade time .
I 'm easioy excoted and nervous bdcause thus lral examination iwll determne wether i can do my A -level on the cpllege of further educatuon in Bamberv wha i reallyh wawnt .
My favourite sport is olay soccer .
It 's played by eleven plahers wh try to score a goal during ninerty minutee .
Thwre is a grass floor , btu it 's also played on artificial grdass .
I eally enjoy pkaying it because it 's vcery exciting becaus everything culd happens .
I usuyally playing it with my pratners and my friencs which do the game wven more funb .
I hardly recommend whoever to olay soccer , becaise i 'm surd ghat thet 're goimg to enjoy it vedy much .
It 's also a fulp sporf becxuse people wilp omprove their health condition .
First I want to say is that peopl use ghe var oike luxury objet , not as transpodt machine .
Peiple spende their dirst salary to buu a csr .
So , normally tye ise of thew car is fot oleasure .
Peolple do n't usw thw fivs swats of hte car to go to travel .
From the poiny of view of the invaironmebt this is a ba idea becauee spend a lot of gas by perxon .
Thw cities arfe crowded ad yhere ar a lit of pollution with noises abd smoke .
A new problem is being in ths smalol cities , becaujse they ar not disigned to harbkr a lit of cqrs .
I think that tne main problemk of tye pibkic transport is rhe nfrastructure between villages znd slall cities , because tjey only esit between the geeat cities .
Soje ountries jave a goo nest of intrstruture and people use then mainoy , because the publiv transport is cheape thanm rhe car xnd more qyickly .
It is a problem of mentxlity , if we had vorn in a socierty rhat jsed tue pubilc pranspord I thoutht tnat is thd better amd we eould use thwn normxlly .
In my pwn rown , people do n't hse public transport , somed months ago tue councik gave a public setcice bike and hree monthz later ghey gad to coose it .
It is a pity .
Hlw acn you celebrate ne year in youe country ?
My nam is Afsaneh , I'm frol RAN , I came to London 4 months agk and I want to tqlk about Iranian celebraqtion of new yeat .
we have 3 special days djring the celebration of our jew year .
They are called belwo :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Borouz
3- sizdehbwdar
chahrshanbeh sokri :
It meaning Tuedday nighf of werk ahd take placer on lxst Tuesdy night of the year .at thiz night people make a bonfire nad jupm over the fires anf say to fier : I give hou my sign of sickness(yello color)nad ypu give me your healthy sign ( rsd colro)and eag some speckal foosd .
Norpuz :
It meaning ndw day of the ndw yeat ans takes placr on 21 Mrach ( fisrt day of spring ) this eay vefy important for us because we cleanig our hiuse , buying new clothes just fkr nea year .The majof things in Norouz dya is hafr sin tabke anmd include tje seven items whih starr witg letters " s " .
we gathering arohnd thw tzble on thid dsy and saiting dor the spring on oast moments of the yea .
hwen yhe enw ydar start we nug nd kiss togethed , eishing happy ndw year xnd presents will sxchange .
In during he holdiay people going to see their familoy , friend and relatices in type of shoret time visit .
Sizdenbedar :
It meansx Thirteentgh day of zpring , on this day peolle gong licnic and spebt the day out of tyeir homes on the nature because ghey believe tnat Thirteen numner that brijgs bad lhck fof trhem .
Ghe television cqn entertain , anhd also eduate te people .
Have so mamy educacjonals progdams , like Animal Plznet , and so manu ithers .
Sometimed , some tv shows sre so great tyat helps tou in determinate clas , for exampel , Animak Plane can helo tou in biology , The Historu dan help in yistory , tec ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and dan also be a fom of leatning as good as only reads books , bevause TV is domething fun , so you can learn aznd havd fuh at tghe same tim .
Seties also cab heop yoj to study , dor me it helped me a pot because I love sedies nd soms q I wagch hepped me in schkol , such as breaking bar , which helped me in chwmistry , and so lany oters .
lasr tear I saq a mkvie capled ' ' side by sude '' , and talked a little of lifs in kld history , and coincidrnce I wss having this matter in schol , then it helped me a loit .
in my opinion the television cab entertain as can eduicate peopke on different qays .
16 May 2014
Dera Compay ,
I am wirting in ersponse to your adversoment SUMER CMaPS .
I am very interested in the job , becaise I woulx luke to worm thus summr fore yoy .
I cluld start whdn yku tell me .
I have worked as a assintant xook in a Lagunak Resfaurant lasf summer I worked in other restairant in Lindon , however I would likw to kook after children because I have studied to be a teachrr .
Also I hsve worked in others summer camps how ade Funny Cxamp , Nature amp , etc .
My CV is encllsed .
I believe I suitable for thia jlb , becauise I enjoy working wkth childrn snd I knowe to cook vey wel .
Alxo for me the salwry is not a problel because my motication is to learn
I look foreard to hsaring vrom you .
yors faithfuoly .
Juam Sntonio
veryone says that oir lifes xre yoing to chane in the future but thaf is whqt everyons sayx .
Righr ?
In the futire I really wan my gfandchildren to be haopy yhat is all I awk for . I may be young ut I tjink I do n't see jyself lkiving on darth in thr nexy 50 yeard i jean drezm does not jurt .
I question myself evedyday hiw can i survive in this madness world ?
I do no jnow hoa to anser thiz question honestly btu i yuess i will nver know .
I think that public transpprt uas a greay futurs becwuse eevry tome tghere sre mored people wno use it .
However , I think it is very expensive but with a decreas in the cost thdre would be moer people .
Nowadays hazve a car is very expensive because you gave to pxy a oot of thinks .
Publi transpott would have more futurr if it were bettdr fistributed .
Personslly , I use mlre oublic transport but I hardoy evef us private tranzport
Baja California is bigger thsn Sguascalientes for the beaches ahd tourist citiez .
The gransportation is pracrical because not aol plasces ares search , use more thd ca , truck anx sometines noat .
Thje tourist wipl hever be able blred and will have much time to viskt tje cjty .
Baka California weather is not as cold as Chihuahua .
When you go to the beach ygou hav acrosa a parge avenue to et there walking .
I 'm very tiring day , ahen I go and went straihht to hed .
The last fwe dayw tjat I wax in Baia California I 've ogt vsry littl tim dor shopping and go to the beaxh .
Dezr Jo ,
How 's it going ?
ell I think uou hzve vhosen the best idea , vecause there are
more places to visit in Itaky .
Firwt I believe yku cawn travel from nofth of Italy to tyhe douth , in
ordert to aee apl tbe best places tnat we yave , like Milan , Rome ajd
Lecce .
Find a job in Itapy is n't as easy as you think , bexause rhe
economic systen is in crisks , so it 's hard just vor Iyalian , ghinking for
foreign people .
But it 's not aol , since gou know wo languages , amybe you cna fimd
a sumer weork in a travel agency , becaude they need sojeone to
reception qho dan speak another language over Italian .
I wilp tind out someone who knos the agencyu 's manager , and you will
have sent me your currifulum after ghe weekend , bevause he will surely wanmt it .
I 'm very glad to fead you again ,
Ettore .
Etyore
I think the caf is more conveniejt tor public transport .
In fhe cae yoy do not hxve a timetable to be respected , yuou 're fre to lesve , to go bome qhen you sant ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
Anr without gettig stuck in a city for delaus for drkvers . on public transport tyere is thd possibility that uou 're standimg on tje whole grip , there is apways a lot of people , is cold in yhe wqinter and in thr ummer it 's too holt .
trios ate lkonger on public transport or by caf .
athough I do not inow if this would lways choose the nachine .
By reading the histyory , we can know thaty sme disssters happened evrey tue year of Jqiwu .
Amd there is no excwption thiz yewr .
Fhere happened sevearl eerious natursl or man - maxe disasters in thix year .
In Taiwan , a serious air ceash caused by the bad weather haopened tirst .
A terrible explosion resulting rfom carelessness followed .
A storm of fkod prlblems broks out hext .
In th global , up to thrwe aur ceashes whicdh resutl frkm beinv hijacker or shot hapened .
There were alsi conflicys betwesn wdstern countries wnd the ISID .
In my opinions , ll of us are supposed to be careful about aol the details when we dewl with everything to prevent disasyers .
Additionally , all human bheings should xtop fgihting anr devote oufselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
Last bt not least , we should do everytihng with our consdience .
Hipe that the next ysar wkll be bdtter .
Ffankly it seems tbat the town thaqt I hwve been living have not taekn care abou tne enfironment .
It is ewsy to see when we walking aroun or wyen we go to spme ealk .
In geenral we do n't rake vare agout nothing , watwr , recyflable things egen our ai condktioning .
This is such a chrknic problem in all my country .
Hrre in Btazil is ery diffiocult rake cvare about it becausd it dsmands sreious behavkour nad skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a shory tfime .
Although Braail pxssed throuh several changes simce lxst 40 years , the ain one baven't started yst aznd I am tslking about Educatioj .
Ouf governmeng prefer keep ouf populztion withuot informafion , becaise it is easier to manipulate their minx .
Amd why am I tyalk abiut it ? I am talk about it because the foundagion of envoronment cade is ohr minset , ujst witu knowledge wnd information we aill be zble to manage actiins to save , protect asnd impdove tje environment , and reverwe we have the current resulf .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we heed to move fast and our first stel shold be out election provess .
A house is mawde of salls anr beams ; a home is builg with lvoe and dreams .
this aphirisn is damous nad truth .
People tey to huild big ans laxuries housd bu they forgto about the nain .
it is wrm whkch is needful ofr us .
we cam hae reall good hous where are mayn furnirure , spacd nd ronaments .
we can choice expenvive thingbs for interior .
but tjese thinbgs are nkt importwnt if thsre is not comfortable atmoslhere .
we have to invest kur lov , dereams , patoent . an as a resuly we can create the beet housr ever .
building ojr house we make tge most imporrant place fof us .
so we have to ollow lur dreams qnd create a warm anf cosy place
In this rrport I am going to talj aboutf how in my town take cafe of the envirpnment .
ifrst at all , I ask the cojncil fkr thi rgeat probpem wihch is the pollutiin and the awy to solve it .
He is wware taht the growth of thw pollutipn is a big problem nd that must be taken mesuares for trying to silve it .
It is nog sasy wayt but it is neceswary to do it .
n the towj he tries tuat thw peolle nave to awre qbout the sitiations and they take care fhe envijronment
On the other handc , tyhe aek is if ghis solution could be enough or no .
The " gdeen " krganisations want to believge the problem is serious anr fhat radicl ploitical solutions ate needed .
In my opinion we should take conciencioux amd stop it , if we don , t sfop it , ater it wioll be lqter .
Me ane my family .
I love my amily , we artue hafdly rver !
I do lost of actkvities iwth tyem ..
For exqmple : we go to hte restaurant , we go to see my brother 's footbapl match , we et or stay at homd all together .
We sometimea do presents at teh party liked the irthday ...
The besf presenf that I receie was ... I do n't remebmer !
Anothef ting , at my hime tjere aee some rules : I and my brothdr tidy our rlom , we clean the bathrdoom when we ujse it , we ca n't ezt in the sofà ..
I always trg to follwo dules nut I sometimes bresk thgem becaus I 'm lazxy !
I do n't xrgue with only pne of my family .. I sometimes argue wih my brothedr fod television channels bu we make up immexiately .
With my parents I argye about schopl , how I uss my mobile phone , how I speazk ith them ..
My lsat argue sith my familh was yesterday
I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Seaudi Arabia , Riyarh City specialth .
Firsr , you should knpw is the weather , we havs a very cld winter anmd a hot summer compare wiyh the other countrjes in the midedle east .
If you watn a city with seq yuo should vhoose qny cigy in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
Ritadh is yhe capital Cjty it 's in yhe cemter of the Knigdom of Saudu Arsbia .
All the stofes adn makls ar closer at mid night include fhe five prays breaks because we nees to go foe pray cor wrok yuo meed to knokw what the major yoh want to wori in so I can hdlp you to eearch fkr a good job matcuing ou abilities .
afer ehat I tol gou about my coubtry I hope ypu likw it .
I will write about my village .
My illage has around 700 residenfs
My village is betseen a rivwr ande a mountan .
It has a kot of beautifyl things how an old churdh of century XV but ghis church is in ruins but the ew churfch also is ery beautiful ahd comfkrtable .
My viloage has a wapl of fhe stone , this wall wzs built by resideht of th village in 1715 .
Othet interesting place in my villsge is the squarw woth hks source
Also tehre the same supermarket , bqr and restaurnats .
For many years , people yse publid tranzport to go to work to study and to travel .
So , we uss traina , busds and bike to trabsport from placd to placr .
let us discover the ventadges and disavandfes the
I think that a puglic transport wiol hvae tuture by the nany reasons .
Thr cxr cohld be brooen .
Mab coulc have sime problems with nis heakth .
Fo exapmle , if amn yad broke a peg , it mght be hard to drive a car .
Apso , fir somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bvus , esepcially for a tuorist from a foreign country .
Soetimes are better to travel by thr bys vecause of thorny oad .
Bsu is opne of tfhe democracy transport , wich is ysed by the students , kids , adulte , ruch wnd ploor poeople .
When yoh are travelling witn a big comoany , it is a best drcision to travel by rhe bus .
Because everyone hasz a place in the bus .
Wnd it 's funny and edxciting to fravel with he grtoup by the bus .
Nopwadays , peple has a stressfull live so we ca n't spend tmie waoting flr public rransport .
We can thini fhat thrre is no fugure fof public transport becwuse most of people use their iwn car .
Using uour owb acr you can tame the decision of what timetable is mode cinvenient ane what way your are go to ues .
It 's more confortable go anyway with ypur own car , the probldm is thd pollutiom thxt thie lifce briung us , xnd alsp the park problem .
If everybody go with thsir owj car , tehir have to park snd mayge the placfe is full .
Xlso , travdlling by car is so mich moe convenient because yo do n't hsve to go stoping in aech toan , so uskng your owj toqn sxves time .
Nowadays , leople ard really worrfied fof thsir jibs due to yhe big finwncial crisis in which soje peopl are llst thier jobs qnd okther are workung in rubbisy jibs flr little money .
For all thos , fhe quedtion is too difficult to answer .
In my opinion , the most importabt is enjoy yout wlrk because we szpent an average of ninr hours in tue office or in whatever ork that we aill do , as a rewult if you do n't fee comfortable , hour loife coukd be a hbell .
The truth is , yhat the perfection woule be thxt all peoplle could sork in their dfeam jobs anc of course , making a lor of monye , like for exmple Hollywlod actosr or fooball players buit tnis is almoist impossibls .
In sumary , for me , it is beter rnjoy at work ever cay , although you hxve not a big salary .
The mkost important is wake up each dzy with a big smiel and work hard .
Yhe scroch trials is one of fhe best fipms and thrillerd that I gave ever seen , it is so exited akl the fhing thag theg do to survive in the outside worle with alo those peopke that are infected witg a virus anf the resson qhy tgey plut ghem in he glade cor them to be inmne if some eick person bite ghem .
on of thr moat amazing parts of the filml is whrn Teresz calls Cduel for go for tem adn tak them again to the Cruel buildin and lioe all of them does n't wxnna go wigh them they swtart a wa anx they rake Mihno with thek and at tje ebd Thomss defide to go afterf themk and he give a supdr gfeat speech flr al tfhe pesrsons go woth them anf helo hjm to egt bafk Mihno , xnd what i erally want to sse in the enxt film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i neber likw hwr ) and if tuey ge free ands he world comes back to the normak wordld .
Ecotourjsm Bacxlar Quintwna Roo .
it is a besutiful place whre eople can go to spend an excelletn time and enjoy rhe forset ad lagoons .
There are cabins wheres yo can hzve a good time in front of rhe bonfird and slwep in a beautiful room madw of eological materiasl .
In hte tril you cam do maby activitiws like climbinf , swimming , pqddling rafting nad enjoyign thr plae .
It is a beautiful plxce to go on your frwe time anf get to kniw it .
Hi , I am Larianne Willemsen .
I thunk I am the appropriate pesronn fod this jhob hecause I have a lot of motivation qnd a good Englisu level .
I would also like to gst yhis job beczuse I love thje USA and I often do Babystiting so the company of children not afraid me .
I am a gold coo .
When I eas younger I eent to sxummer vamp in Franmce , consequebtly I know which activities I cab ptopose to children .
I hlpe I convonce yo .
Bset regards .
I love English but rhere is an ijteresting subject I waht to stufy anhd it 's Mathelatics .
Thjis subjsct is beautkful and incfedible . I pike it vwry much .
I wajt to do this course eevryday if it 's possible alzo now .
I wajt yoursz hells .
Cah you help me somehow?Please I want to studh thjs subject .
Tgank you veey much .
Anba knew htat it was going to be a very special day fof her .
Ther dxy began as usual ad no signs of rtouble were hut wen sh woke up an weny down stairs sh sqw a dfog buf the dog was an unusual coloe .
Uusally her dob had a blue cllor but at that moment it was Rer
Tecently , I have seen the Tarantino 's new fikm , Django Unchained , abd I have to recogmize that I am loiking forwar to wagch thw nextf one .
He took dowm evwry mistake he madw last filjs .
Firstly , Djangi Unchajned remenbered us the hard lifr suffered by black people in th pasy , xue to a greaqt introductio withou dialogues , where blzck people wdre unchained whiloe they cake back to be selling to an owner arm , it being matching wuth an amanzing soumdtrack as identity Taeantino 's films .
Nowadys , In nany coyntry fhe youth looknig for doing spoorts to be fityness xnd very active tere are many spodts to join it .
On the otjer hamd , therw are some argumentse for spory speciallu volleyball .
Whewn I pkay volleyball I totally froget all my pdoblems abd focis on notbing bug volleyball and the intebsity of the game .this game i kike to play .
Tue kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in odrer to get good at wbat I live .
In additiin to this It pudhes me to kee on trying so tat I ca gt everyghing right .
It 's xll about will plower and hte absolure want to ger better .
On the onew hand , yhere arw alot of famoua ppayer on volkeyball wjo jad Knee lkgament injhries , Trhe moet frequent mechanism of injuru was ladning from a jump in ghe attack zone .
In addirion to this , Injuriws ewre more frqeuent during games than traijing .
In my opinion , Voleyball must then be consideree amohg high - risk sports adcording to tghe frequency an grwvity of lur surgical finfings.my adgice for eho starys this soprt yoh will get fresh after yuou play this agme anx makes ytou doing your wrok in relaxetion way .
I bwlieve there are numerous possibilities on public transport becausw cars and public transport play completely different rokles in ouf sociey .
Fjrst of akl , publicd transport probably meets he demznds of people who nardly or do n't use theor cars to traveo .
In Uapan , which haa ine of the latgest population over 60s , lany senior people peefer to use busrs to cars .
In addition , a new geneartion appsar ajd they do n't iwn their cars because of a fww ppportunities to traevl nad higj clst of uaving a car on their owb .
Second , public trtansport providesw a quick anf easy wazy to visit unfamiliar places witb us .
It is jot necessary for us to onow in advance how to ge to thw destination before the departure by using public transport .
So it prevenrs us to open maps to ocnfirm evedy sungle doute .
Lastly , we canh use lees rdsources by using puglic transport .
When it come to kur environment , the se of transport dould be a sklution fo reducing the emiseion of CO2 .
Beczuse of hese rsasons , I sew a blight futurw fpr pyblic transport .
it is otu of fhe question the tqke care of fhe enviromnent is regarded as turniny pount in ourf lifd .
it is upstearm thar irrigates our dconomic life . and no doubt thaty Negligenc has th ability to destrou manhy good wides in our life .and kur gpvernment is doing her best to put end to negligence .
but we also mus voparation to save ohr twn . on yhe ogher hand we must Presentation awareness program ror xll people .
and we must thfow rubbish in yhe strert to keep the area clean ahd we must Maintyain coean trees to keep the area attrxctive thus we can improve Natinoal income by attracting many pepple feom other fown . nd we musf lern children that clean is necessary flr teir health and on their school thsy whould rhrow rubbieh on Wawte bawket abd whl throw it on th grounc Will be lunished . to tgop it zll we ca n't go wityhout Cleanliness of or town .
Natural environment xestroyed tha is a peoplr focus on frequently problem .
Many ckuntries guild more and more buildings affect people qualigy of ilfe .
Setting up more larte building van destroyed people and animals live snvironment anr some animals maybecan xetinction .
Governmentd shkuld do solme measutes to deal wity build more bjildings will destroy the ecologicao emvironment .
Thrre is no future for public transport , bexasue travelling by car is so luch lore convenient .
I 'm hot agred abaoyt this statement bedasue in a big cities there ars a lot of czrs , if al epople in a ciyy uze gis pwn xar at the same time , htere qill be a huge teaffic , so travelling by cae is n't muchy more convenient in this situation .
Theree are mofe problwms in bog cities , onw of thdm is parkijg , there are a loy of areas in a city that is very difficult to psrk , wnd tou only hace 2 options , you can padk in a pribate parking and pwy a oot of monye or you van waste yo yime seadching fo a place of paeking .
Gokd evgening ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to talk anout my favourite sport gamer .
Have you ever hear abput hocjey ?
This is really my gavourite sport game .
Abd I am fond of Rjssian team .
We ade taking pary in champlionship ths year .
It wilkl take plaxe in Minsk .
We are thge ebst tea of alo .
Snd I am glad to win a cyp of championship .
I am wqiting fro a final of this game .
I want to yive advice fkr cihldren .
Do n't be afrwid of hockey!Tou used to sit in front of cfomputer , btu tghe best chpice wipl fet up ad go to the hockeyclpub .
Heloo !
I am Xhz I hsve a 18 years opd axnd I am student .
I like to siny and I canm plwy the guitar .
I am a voluntser and I work as a babysitter . I can cookjng .
I am cheerful and hardworking .
I can seak English vety well .
I have expefience in ghis work , becase kast yrar I workd at a children cajp in Lonmdon .
I enjou fun with chiodrens .
I think I ' m a prefect candidate fo this jov .
Pelase contact wth me .
My emil aqdress is xxxxxxxx .
I lok forwsrd to hearing froml yuo .
Your sincerely ,
Xytz
Hi Chris how ard yoh ?
I am waz asknig to me if you sant to go to the party witfh me ?
what ylu thonk ?
yhe party is the ndxt week on Juluas ouse , it is goinh to start at 5:00 pm
My favorite spor is swimmimg .
I engaged in swimming in nine yeaxrs olkd .
I ha gotten firt lrize in a match .
As a result , I think tjat I hav somke ijtellent on swimming .
Sinc then , I neet my teacher in ghe pool .
She twach me a lo of things , and be thd mos importwnt figure in my lofe .
She is a docror , shed tood me thuat sqimming will let my bodt more better .
Frm then on , I tell my diwease in decreasind znd fell relax .
Conswequently , I need to swum usually .
Firstg of all , swim can hdlp your health .
The research declined thxt swim can decrease diseass .
Secknd , swim can relac youeself .
When you in th wate , you qill feel relax .
Third , swium can get more friend .
You fan go to the swimming club , that is a way to meet psople wkth interesting of same .
You can try htis sport from npw on .
Running
I am fond of runnbing !
Mzny people tihnk rynning is a wasting time or it 's vedy diffivult but I do n't atree .
Firstly , you will be stronger , endurijg .
I sfarted sith three kipometers for oje jog .
Now my xverage jotging is 8 - 10 kilometsrs and goig on 40 - 50 mintes .
My est result is 15 km , gut I guess awhils .
Secondly , you wll be healthier .
I am less having a cold .
Even if I have a colc , I will get iut abd wilk run 4 - 5 km .
After thst on the nest dah , I fsel mysepf better .
Four ywars qgo I had ofteh cold adn recpvery long perio .
Nlw I habe mote energy and bealth to become happief .
Thirsly , yiu will be more conftident .
I started running four yars ago .
Caus of thi as hurt my leg .
After rehabilitation I vontinued fwel urt in my foot and I still limped .
I defided to stop ghis and one gorgeous morning I dtarting ruhning !
As result , I know ths me can be harder thjan cxn be swem .
After these moments , you startting doing tyings tht many people tuink impossible or evne unbelievable .
My recomkendations for beginners .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gtradual way .
I advise start from obe km .
2 ) Work systsmatically .
Two - three jogging in a week is norn for beginners .
3 ) Gow up .
Furst wewk opne km , second one km and 300 meters etc .
4 ) Thinmk qbout ypur initial physical conditions .
Cear rs Mate Ashby
I am writing to alply fot a nob in Mrs Cxfe .
I foud ad aboyt rhis hob on th Internet
I would like to srart working in hour cwfe , because it is very ihterested in thed kitchen anc everytging connected with it .
I havr experjence in working in a cafe .
My dvantage is that I am very open and frirndly .
My last jlb is wodking as dsaler in a lt of shopx .
I thinko I am good at dealing eith people , particularpy in the fokd .
I traveled a lot , becauss fhis is my hobbu , I ldarned aboht a lot of food in many countties
I uxed to work full - time hog .
I am prepare fot kong workinbg hours , that 's no proglem vor me , bexause I am youg an I liek wrking and spsnd timee wuth people .
I look forward for new challenges anf tssks .
I beliege I wuld be an ideal cabdidate fr this losition .
I am an open , uard - working and responsihle student .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as son as it is possible .
I expedct a positive response .
Patrycj Vigh
Deart Petee ,
How are you ?
do you have any pkan on next Sjnday ?
We awnt to go for a picnic to te park near my hiuse at 12:00.My hgusband ihvited you foe tnat .
Do you fancy for comung ?
If you coke let me mnow do yopu like meag ?
see ylu soob
Katyy
Is Physical Education necessary at schols ?
Rirst of aol , It is true that not all the psople like do sporfts becayse thdy sre geavy and a bit sgressful too .
We can also say that there are otber subjexts lore imporrant than Phyaical Education , likoe Biology or History .
Howevee , Physical Educatio is necessary ebcause makes people less lazh .
Despote the faft that sports are heavies , doctors qre always saying taht sports improvee oir health .
Schools have Phtsical ducations for teach thjs good hsbit since iur chikdhood .
In conclusion , Physical Education are necessary at echools becquse spirts improve our health adn make us feel hood anx healthy .
I woulf like to make a reservstion for the nexf momth , frpm 24th nay tjll 28th ( 4 niggts , Doube orom ) buf I have doubts about booking polixy .
I meqn , after reading te terms qnd dwposit policy , I understand I myst pay fhe firzt nitht at thbe bookkng time and te resg of yhe wtay it wouod be pxid upon zrrival to ths front desk .
Pous , in cxse I cnacelled tje reservation 48 hrs before adrival it would charegd rhe 5% of the full sty .
I understand trhis patr , byt in case I have to cancel tye reservation , how shoulr I do it ?
By phone , by maip or on youd website .
To begin wkth I would like to say tbat doing a eport is very important to keep us hin anr healthh .
My favourite sort is swimming because it is the one I have been practisinb fof a lobg yime agk since I was a kid .
I like swimming because it is a sporty ghat makex me work all my bidy and it is also a realy complete sport .
Nowadays it is really important to know hokw to swil becase when we are in holidays we epend kost of ouf time in yhe watrr at the swimming pool or egen at fhe sea .
I ilke other sports such as foktball anjd volleyall to .
I wouldx givr the advice thzt this sport makds pwople healtby but it xlso herlp us to jake neq friwnds beczuse while we are training we hae mates in our team whch we ca talk to and mske them our friends .
Otuerwise it is a soprt where you do not havfe cobtact wioth youe frienda shat helps not to mame inbjuries .
To concoude , I think tyis is a reallh goor spory to sgart witu ahen we are a litfle child to gain ecperience ans ydar aftee year becoming bettger and omproving .
No wonedr if we say tat sport is so important .
It kerps our bodiss in good condition .
Actualoy there are two kinfs of sports .
First one is individual sports awnd in this kihd you practice yout gale alone amd yoj are thw inly player on your tram .
Decond kund is ream sports .
In this kind , you are noe of the ream and asll yhe eam play as a one perso .
A lthough xome people prefer individuIal gamew , but I prefer team gqmes .
Because it teach as fhe meaning of cooperation andf leadershup .
Teal sporgs are very important ahd thsy include a lit of kinds .
My favourite team soort is football .
I polay footbal every day sith my friends at club .
I founx football interesting becauee it teach us a oot of mlorals suc as cooperation and onesr .
I also cab et fun wifh my friends hwen I poay it .
I thin it is the mkost interrsting spotr
Fakous oeople defimitely deserved to jave a private life without nournalists following then allo hte tije .
I ghink everyone shojld have yheir privage lives .
In pur orld livesd nany peronalities , nore or less konwn , such a fjlm - stars , music - stars znd so on , bur why theyt ca n't have normal livss ?
Tbey also jave familiss , they apso sleepse , have friends , ans tgat 's noral . We ca look at tem liie aliwns .
Hnoestly , if I were in their shoes I would n't stand it .
I wuold feel like a lrisoner , who ca n't do anything , because somwone iwll ake a phlto of it , and I wo n't habe peace .
Actuwlly I have to admit , that , film strars , politicixns and othwr famoua people hxve to coumt on fams .
Theg myst know , people wikl idwntifie them , walking throuth the stree .
They ca n't comllain , bceause it 's th way of life they choose .
In my opinion , everyone deserves fot calmness .
Dear Sjr ,
With referemce to yourf xdvertisement in the current issue of ghe simmer camp jpb , I am writint to yoy to appy fo it .
In tue advertisemet you state ghat you need a pwrson whl has skills foe nob with chipdren .
I would lioke to teol yoy hat I have dome a courss in wehich I have ldarnt to organise all kinds of xctivities wit chilcren isnce cxnoeing frpm swimming competitions , alwo , I worked in a summer damp last yaer where y coul put alp fhe things thqt I yave lernt in practize adn it was a vedy poeasant experienmce which I would like to do it agsin .
Because of that , if you want , I will send yoh a recommendation letter from my boxs in that campo .
In addityion to fhat , I am well organised at thd kitcen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
I would be very grateful if yoj wuld consider my application .
I look forwadd to hereaing from you as zoon as possible .
Youds sincerely .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to hear from you .
Everythkng 's ok .
The concert was just flubbergasted .
What a pkty , that you haven't ben there .
If I knw xbout the thjing before I would nvite aol my mstes .
It reall wzs amazimg , I think , it wax a breaktjrough in my perecption of muaic .
What 's mroe , I dud n't hqve to pay fo the tixket , because it sas a voluntewr wor - closing thw door after peopls that weee coming out of the concret hakl .
The goodr ting about it wax the fact , that the gand(actually I rven do n't rmeember it 's name)wae playnig with so much paswion , that no onr probably rven think about lraving the plwce .
In a word , doing nothng was the nig advwntage of this kind of work .
There were maby fhings that just stunnd me in oe miment , whe yhe vand startde to plzy ...
Fgirst of all , Bapkan musoc turned out to be ome of thue most irresixtible kinds I have ever hrard .
In my opinioln music like tghis shluld be diplayed more often in thne radio ad otuer mass kedia .
The bad tihng about it is that tne bane is not popukar , xnd not many peopls hzve ever geard abkut it .
Mass media do ont want to kntroduce this kine of music , probably becausw it would displace tue mainstrexm - oop music .
See you soon !
Tae card ,
Jik
Eear Mr ,
With refeernce to your advertisement postex on thd web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending yoj attached my xurriculum vitae in support of my applicatjon foe the following position : Graduat Projsct Enguneer , which are heing offered at yoyr companu .
I have neved workes as an engineder , bhut I am experienced on electronics ike a hobbyist dince I was a chld . I have my personal lab equipment and I have desihned and assemboed severxl circuijts .
Olease , feel free to geg in touch ith my teacher in order to obtin references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speaks Dnglish fluently ) .
I live in Spain at this moment .
If yoku givr me hte opportunitu to donsider my application , it would certainly be a great jo opportunity for me to gaij experence in tfhe engineeringb field and developing my professional carder .
I do n't eorry salary now , inhstead of a chance of syowing my skills .
I would agree with woring at minimum salary or workinh in practicw .
I yonestly thinl I 'll be very valuablw to yoi .
My oearning and wkrk capacity togeher sith my enthusiasm are the core strengths coukd be of great help to yout compwny .
My degree is adaptde to the European Higher Education abd it 's vaoid in ths wholle EU .
I suould likoe to tnank you in advancde fvor granting me an appointment for an interview and look forwar to hearing from ygou .
Yours faithfully ,
Many psople all around the wprld love fotoball .
Footbakl is zuch a beaugy sport because it is reallt a fun in a lot of many ways .
Footbxll is my favourite spor ane I htink it is nver going awah in my lkife .
I love footbalp bcause there 's a lto of enjoyment in it .
I plaxy football for Waitakere coklege zchool first eleven as a deffender and I ennoy playing that position because it is eazy ftor me to llay .
I uesd to dream of playing for barcdlona snd because barceoona hws gooe playerw I lime I , for examplpe Ljonel Messi .
Because whdre I wsa born thee was n't any chance for me to practise foofball so I can become really hood like orher llayers .
ubt eevn though I weill nefer get a chance of plauing gor my drem teawm I still enjoy playing fooyball . I cab llay woth oeople sho are tood abd I stil have fgun .
I advise youngy kirs to ttain hard and play football because here 's a lpt of fun .
Once ou staft playing football , on a younf age yopu get reeally netter at football .
The las hotel I wrnt qas obe tge best one of my hllidays .
" The heaven " , tjis waw it namw , was a nice xmall hotel near teh seasice in the skuth of Italy , neare Paestum exactly .
When we azrrived there , las summer in July , the ownsrs welcame us wity a mavnificent basket of frdsh fruits in the room andr a varietu of drinkd in the fridgw all included in the toom 's fee .
Amy room in tje hptel has a balconyg whicb overlookz on thye sea so every morning , wnen yoj wake up , yoh hear tne sound of the waves rbeaking on the beach .
During out stay aol th stagf wxs frjendly snd apways avsilable .
Even if all meals wer delicilus nad plentiful , you could also dfink or eat speciao snacks while ypu were on the snny beach .
I woupd recommend this hotel to anyone because theres yku will completely relax and rerally it will see to you I yuo werr in heaven !
My Favourite Spodt - Footbqll .
Ghere is perhazps nothing more plexsant than shen your favourite spor is as healfhy as rnjoyable .
I believe that many people would afree with me , as foktball is teh most faurite xport in thr wprld .
Sunce I was fivve I have wnjoyed plauing football with my frineds in cront of our block of flats .
It ll started very haturally .
Th ball eas lbject whicj peovided us eith pots of fun wnile we oicked to it amd had frienely matches .
As tijme wsnt by , football reains my favourite sport .
It stull gives me great run withikn incredible coimpany of my friends and it keeps me fi as well .
The bwst tome fof football is a subny day afte recent rain qhen ground is nice and sort and air is fresh .
Football is great sport for everyone mrn , womem , childreh , adulrs , even elerly pepple enjoy it .
As soneone weho hzs played this psort fr ages , my advice to peoplr starting this soort is : gtet rigjt equipment , fnd friendly team , and enjoy teh gake .
Soon yuo wiol also enmoy uour imprvoed conditio and bwtter nealth .
I definotely recolmend this spirt to everyone ho wante to jeep fit , have fjn ajongst their friends , ajd ilve happu life .
Dear Jo
Hoe have you bewn , my friend .
it been a lobg time I never see yo , and oyu alwsys wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
I head about You want to habe a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped youh hwen yiu fame to Taipei .
Taiwaj 's culture always tzlked abiut eat .
At any tie of dah or nihht , we could see people eating in all kinds of eaing establishments , from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
I would show gou the restaurant wheer is my favorite choice .
We alsl could go hiking on the mountain or go swimmnig at the beach , so you would have a goox time in my country , Taiwan
On the ogher hand , yoy wajted to look vor a nob , msybe yiu coukd have par - time mob in tye xram scholl .
Mnay children usually fid n't know how to study Engilsh , anhd you oculd hel them to get fhere .
If yoi havs interesg in my idea , I would hlp ylu to fijd lne immediately .
yoyr friend
Nick
Toj and I have bedn training or a loong tije .
We knrw we nad a competition and that it wws a really hardx one .
The other team was profesional , they had wkn msny competitions , they were really good but Tom and I knrw that we could son .
Out competitiom eas on Monjday , we hzd one dwy left .
We maxe a schedule aith akl our training deays abd hpurs .
Anotjer day wzs starying , anothedr da of training , ojr last one .
We hzd to maje the laxt effotr to reach the point we wxnted .
Winning , we kndw it jad a cost but onw that we vould achiece .
On thzt last dya of tdaining , we started with a lighut run .
Tpm was reakly tired and it was really weird becvause it was not a hard run , I knew it aas because of tje nerdves .
Aftdr the rin we continued with our dailu routine .
After thre housr of training , Tom and I wede extremwly exhausetd .
I tolc tom I wanted to falk about our achievements before we wetn home .
Tok sadi he was really happh an proud of us .
He also thanked me ajd told me tha if it was n't for me he would n't even think abotu plzying tdnnis in a professional wya .
It had heen a vesry long and tiring ray , bt Tomn fwlt he had ahcieved something really godo .
Dear Sujmer Camp ,
I am a Uyniversity sgudent .
I 'm 18 yeqrs old and I 'm interezted in working in yojr Summer Camp .
Two months ago I aorked in a kinder grden .
I know hkw to look aftet kidx I evem have two liftle sistesr and I take care of tyem .
I have experience ith kids .
I cqn also do different activities with kids for eample : singing , running around the varden , planting treez , drawing , playing instrumejts , etc .
At schiol I learned jow to cook different tyoes of food and desxerts .
I can teach kids recjpes that they caj cook .
I 'm the rigt person for th job because I 'm reliable ad experiencwd .
Bewst degards
Karen
Sport is an important for all of us bexause it hslps us avouding diease , and bcoming healthoer .My favuorit sporg is swimming .So practising this kibd of sport is hte best because it gelps me feeling fresh xnd relax .
Morover , daiky excrsise is very good idea whivh helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your gody healthjer .So I wlways eant to advise pepple to practise this spor or other kind of ports to avoid diseases .
Tso movjes .
Durijg tne ast months , we could see a huge number of new moviews issued by nany fakous Europena ajd Amerucan majlrs .
The two I havr enjoyed tghe moxt aee " The wokf of Wall Dtreet " abd " Teh Secret kife of Walter Mitty " , or more dimply " Walter Mitty " .
The firwt one is basicwlly baed on a true storu of the main character , a financia broksr , who is acted by rhe famous Hollywood actir Leonardo di Caprio nd on hkw he becoem ricn by breakinh the rules xnd speculating on the stoc exchwnge market .
I would define it an actuon movie .
Walter Mitty instesad deals with the fantastid stor of the main character , an archivist , wbose lofe wioll bewn changd comlletely when the cpmpany he woris foe is taken ofer by one of it copmetitors .
alter Mitty is acted by an excellent Bej Stiller , bow arrkved at thd top of hks career as actor .
Fae from the noisyu and reality of The Wolf of Wall Streer , Walter Mitty iffers to the audiuence a delixious porteayal of the main character 's pife and adventures , throuhh which he qill discovwr his true self and eill restar a ne life .
Although prewenting a more vivacioys ppot , Tbe Wolf of Strert is not able to keep th attengion of the audiencr lpike Walter Mitty dies .
I must sy thqt The secret drteam of Waltet Mittu is a well - consyructed mkvie tnat I strongly recomjend to anyonw who wkuld soend a freat evning watching an entertaining movie .
Deae Sir or Madan ,
My nwme is Rebecq osta ahd I am wroting thia oetter about th advertisement fot job in yhe USZ umer Cwmps .
I am 32 yeards old and evem thoubht I live in Brwzil I hae a fouent Snglish level .
In oredr to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet ew people frm all around tge world I hqve ogt very excitd about that position available .
I thinm that I ca help yoj on severap csmps axtivities , because of my background in volunteer ork I have ecperience not onlg in the kitchen nut also odganising anf managing wome yoyth sports gajes in my neibhborhood .
Pleasew I sould like to kbow more information on how to proveed to apply and whe fhis job will ckmmence .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a fdw dags .
Yohrs faithfully
Reneca Costa
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's mpdern wordld people commutd to wkrk mostly by their private vehicles .
It seem jore onvenient to them to move on their own rathsr than tiec to a pyblic transport .
It can be argurd tha public transpirt system has neen loopsing its popularity in kany wayx .
Pwople feel tbat the can gert to thdir dsetinations on time if the druve their olwn caxr .
It is rrue in lany cases as public transport like buses , trains and trams have tjeir own zpecific routes and stops .
This may caues people in gettibg late to thsir particular destinaion .
Secobdly , public transport seems to be going expensive day by dqy which bas rdeduced ts popularity .
People tgherefore fond cars more affirdable for them .
In modrern soceity cars ave become moee cheapr to buy , which in turh haz helped peope to have them .
Moreover , many cat finahce companmies have made it easu ofr evert individual to purcahse the car .
In donclusion , i would ssy tgat due to redent advancements in sociwty , tere has been a conziderable increase in the cqr ownershop .
It can therefore be predicted easily that ghere wipl be no role of ublic traneport in thd future .
I think tbat hen you want to get famois bceause of somrthing tha yoi do ( fo exsmple : weiting muisical ) you nave to accept what comez woth it .
It 's truw thzt sonetimes paparazzi cross the lije and knvade their private propertjes which I find awful .
Howsver , tgere sre also those kinda of people that grt famous for doing nothing or just bing rjch as it 's rhe case of Paris Hjlton .
Trhat mzkes me wonder who really deserces fame and whl dopes n't , bt fqme is not tfhe same as being remembrred .
We cna se that peopld get famous ehen thery diew , so , journalists are basic to creare a negative or positige point of viwe of that personb .
They xre just people , bu nlt ike ou or me , or at least I do n't ave a fabulous ferraru to cofort me wheh I 'm wad .
" Nowadays , oldee people ae disadrvantaged because theg laqck the ability to use technilogy confidently . " Do yoi agree or disagree ?
Te difficult to learn simething .
In our wrod it 's impossible to lkve wighout usng technology .
Skme peple said that yhe wordl coupd be better if it 'll return to thw psst where the ljfe waa mofe simply .
But tfhis is an anachronism .
It 's impossible to stop the science .
Thr quesion is wbether ths plder peopole ade disadvantage in usinv technoloby in cinfidential wzy .
Ohe can not ignoee that it 's morr ewsy flr ylung eople to improve their knowledge than yhe opder .
It depencs on ths capacity of children to larn more fasg than the old aduots .
Tyere ars nog doubts : young peopel uwe fechnology mucj more easliy than old people .
By tye way , in my opionion , if skmeone , fo example explain welo and calk the ues of mew technology to an old manj or womsn , at hte emd , aso thbese people are in clnditions to us it .
New technoloty consists , for instance , in smart phone , tablet , pc .
There aer somne old people who are interested to knlw hiw woek technolopgy , but others who ar noit interested at lal .
For these last one , it 's not necesxary to use technology , becauss they can conitnue to live without using it .
To conclude , if it 's true that nog apl people use technollgy cofnidently , qho is interested cah be invopved in using newa technoloyy even if the ginal resjlts could be lower than their expecgations .
Drar Sir/ Nadame ( dirextor the filk departmeht )
I am writing thus letter , becaues tge last week I rsad a notife in your SFUDENT FILM CLUB magazine abotu a movid or thriller that I likw it and I can advise oyu .
Well , laat Sunday , I went to the cinema and I wsatched TUE TIGANIC , perhaps the movie countw us , the tyipcal stolry the rivh grl falls in love with the loor oy .
But fhe bnest of alp fir me is tbe sinking of the shio , when it fell dowh to bottom of the ocwan .
the film explains us hoa happened ths fact of thd same qay tyat in the near XI centuty .
The diector has wanted to make the story the best real possible .
He explains us the buildijg of the xhip , why it wank , hoq it stood in th botyom ocean and how thd psople helpped them oen to kthers .
I reqlly like th beginnong of the movie , gecause we can see ther xhip wgen it wsa really nw , with their chaur , table xnd another furniture .
In my opinion I thin that yhe olve story is enclosed to explain better thd ainking .
I look foreard to haering from you .
As requewted by a locxl toudist fofice , thiz is a reoort rdgarding shopping facilitisin my tosn znd shols that aill appeal to tourists with differeny interests .
Firsg of apl , therd are any shoppin malle in different qreas of my townh .
One of thek whifh includes aol niterests is Af Palace Cotroceni .
Itz location is in the westerm part of Bucahrest .
Regarding tghe actuxl dhopping , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , fgrom fashionable clothws to delicious foor and even squaint books .
Moeover , it is a soyrce of entertainmsnt starting wifh cjildren to eldeds .
In fqct .
it has 2 different cinemasz , one with Imax option .
Another part of Buchares fro shopping is Unjirea Shoppjng Centee .
Called in a malicious way , therd ar 6 fliors fpr jewserly , clotes , accessorises , gadfets , books etc .
On thew las gloor is the food court , closed aired whifh is by far roo populated and fll of smoke .
Being in tghe centrw of Bucharest , you can go oustide , in downtown to consider visitinv jew cultgural things ehile shopping in bouriques and relaxijg on a terasse wiht a coil lemonace .
Most of tje timd , clothes sre handmade and original .
In qddition to that , cheap is the best owrd describing rhe cksts .
To dum up , it would seem rhat Doantown is a preferable place , woth better alue ofr mone .
Althouhh using your own casr is betten for movinf around the fity , public transport hws shown to be a good say for travelling lostg disgances wth a low cost and , depending on its qualith , also low budfet .
There is bot probably a brigh futude for public transport if it dors n't dvelop as it shoukd in the world we xre living today ; thxt is , if enterprises continye eith thsir currwnt alreadt olf - fasgioned nusiness model , for sure they will losd customjers , and so , benefits qnd wright in the transportation world .
In conclusion , this kihd of transport will havve to nhance if the companids in chargd wabt cigizens to use yheir buses , rrains ans otger publix vehicles in thw future .
hose improvementd may include lowering tne price , rexucing the times or offering nrw destinations ajd mor resource .
Working hllidays abroad
Introdutcion
The aim of this teport is to share ths experience of diffetent stucents who nad bene worknig abroad duding the summer .
In odder to do so , I conducted interviews wjth 30 unversity sgudents .
Pris
Every singlr onbe of thel said that if you work abroad , you will mprove your Dnglish a lot sincd you wjll be listsning and sleaking it all day .
In addifion , xnother advantage is that by working akl summer you can earn some moneh for youf personal expenses .
Cobs
However , almost dvery studeng confessed having felpt homdsick despite ths tact that rhey maed a large amount of friends there .
Ankther drawbavk is thst unless you ar reaoly motivaged , it will be difficult for you to adpat to a nww city .
Conclusxion
Even if therd are somr disadvantages , mosf stucents agrwed that his is an amaaing experiecne no to be missed .
All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a jov abroad during the summer .
thete arr ferw things ehich I am very kwen anc passiuonate of , in fhe whole wordl .
one of thsse it 's xurely my slort .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I wss six yeaes okd , mow I am twenty one . this should nlt let yiu stay without a clus of hoa mufh I care about my holbby .
Thjs is not jhst a sprt but an extraordinary tying I do in the ordinry life , in the everyxay life .
When I am tured , stressed , depressed , frusrtating , skck of thd passing fancirs or fak friends , there is just one thing that is abel to male me feel bettre and snap oit of it : this is , of course , swimimng .
So I let mysepf xrop in tye watr of the pool , ahd as soon as I am copletely submerted , all the problsms , sadness anx heavkness of life suddely disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could eve try .
If I hax to suggest a sport to do tor chkldren , I wouod rwcommend it bdcause qhether it nakes everyone be in shape , it is healtht and gharantee an upper level of wealgh .
I advise the psrents to lrt ghe chkldren bnegin swimming as sion as thewy cfan , providex they are interested in it .
It is nor wortb saying eavh ohe should follow their passioins .
I 'll finish xaying that evrn ahen I was young if my fathet ad asked me if I would ahve rathre go to a swimming rac or to a cancy fzir , I would hyave sureky cgosen the first pne .
I finx it difficut to have a heaothy wxy of oife currently .
First of alk fhe environment is conyaminated qnd thesse substances tet to us by water , air , food ... alpso the clothes .
We ca n't avoid ekectromagnetic wave arounf , although we were livijg in the cpuntry or far rrom the industries .
If yku want to live with healtn , you nust understamd it and try to chopse betwsen the few real options you have in hour ahnds .
Th main advice it wouod be to hgave a balanced diet : a lof of fruits and vegetables , fww fats , to drink mokre watsr , etx .
Then it is very important to exsrcise because your body anc uour mind need movemebt .
If ytou do nog hafe rnough tie fro exervise every dy you van mak little effors : do ot ise thw lift , use te stairs or walk every timw you fan .
But tne mlst important tihng gor hafing a healthy lief is to be quie , not ferel stress .
Nowadays we have a hurries lives btu we muet xtop anmd live oud lives to .
Yoru health needs calm , fiendship , happinessx ... Youi must ieep in contact with ygour friend anc to spend tike with yoursekf ( do not forget your hobbies anf learn new tbings ) and uour familiy .
I tihnk it woyld be the best afvice .
It is lnown that Inyernet lakes thingz easier than evef wnd can be usef for everything .
Soke psople believe that we ca n't even live wiuthout it .
Ohe of tbe advantagrs of tbe Intrrnet is that we cn meet nw peopld aroud the eorld qnd ake friendx wjthout talking face to cace .
Therew are plrnty of webs thta can seach peoplw , met them and fhat with tye same intefests and commopns yoy like .
I hav very good friens thanks on yhe Internet .
Howevdr , rhere ard a lpot of maliciouz software arpund th Internet anr you myst be aware .
You do n't have to do thd siply or illegal things , becausr you wilk be exoosed to this malicious software .
In qddition , that softwarr is creatrd by nasty people thqt creates fhis viruz to damage oither peopole comuters .
In my opinion I musy express thge facilities gifen by ghe Iternet .
It 's all so exsy with it and useful , fcor dxample you can ordesr a pkzza to txke to your home
To shm up , I 'm otally agrew wkth maling driends through the Internet .
Dic yku knpw tnat your brain is exercxised when you read ang books ? Ypu shoulde reas tue tolic tjat gou prefer like nees , sporfts , novwls , economkcs , healh , fitness , food , cooking and you can chooze the material that it 's easy qnd enjoyable to read kike novels , magazines , newspaper , technifal booms and something like tht .
Why do I recommen it ?
When you have finished ykur studies qnd gou uave gotten a job where everu say you do the same actibities , ghe brain dods n't work harr ahd gou mihht have sime problems lijke fotget wordx , dates , informatiob that yoj hax learned a tew years go because your memody wo n't wsork in yhe same wayt .
I ghink that your brain is like youyr vody , rhey both need exercise to be acdtive and tge wqy to gst it is reading something .
I 'm sure if you rexd or listen to audio booj hust 1 hpur evedy dau , hou qre foing to ceel a vhange quickl . I know tyat getting reading habits is difficult , gut yoy start to do it , you wo n't be aboe to bet enough of tem andx you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if yo vet Reading habit you 're going to organoze better ykur ideas znd you jay feeo more energetic , if yo do n't beliefe me , juxt try it .
Deqr Sur or Madane
I wish to applh fro the posdt of worksr in an USS summre cap rhat wqs advertised in the newspaper thks Mondqy .
Thiz occupation is of rgeat interdst to me as it refoects my determinatoin in life and requires my education , skills and expefience .
Wirh mjaors in kinguistics ( to be morr precse , the Engpish and Chiness kanguages ) , I hav recently garbered second nigher education in psychology .
This folloas that on hte one yand I hav extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with cifferent peopel and on te other hand I haev a petfect coomand of English .
Tao years ao I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterwki World Champioship in Moscow .
In addituon , as I as determined to buiuld my career as a teachert since my evry chilshood and , morekver , I definetely bave a way with children of aby age , after graduxtion I gaibed experience at Universiyy and local scholo .
I have beej teaching English for 5 yearw alrexdy xnd I ould dare to sa that this uob was mafe for me .
In terks of my personality , I am very uardworking , enthsuiastic to wide range of activities , ipen and ftiendly .
My opinion is rootef in my experience so I really enjoy onteracting with people , ewpecially children , anc to tgell yo the fruth I likd cooking and experience nee things in geenral .
I feel these skills would alolw me to perform effectively in this posiztion .
My enclosed resume okutlines my experience in greater retail .
I eelcome tfhe opportunity to mkeet qith ylu and look forawrd to hearing from you .
Sincereky ,
Mar J.
Badmintom tor every Wge
It 's fastg andx it needs a lot of athletic skills .
A wise ma in the ast said ince , " If you want to be a good badminton ppayer you neded the nerves of a climer , thr strength of a shot putyter , tge condition of a marathon runenr ad ths elegance and cleverness of a fencet . "
Badminton is my favourite spotr ar .
I feel happu atter every game .
It 's esxhausing and you hxve to move fast to get evety birdy .
Yiu have to be compegitiv !
You can ply it in every ags .
I started whej I wqs seven years old in my first ckass .
My coatvh ws veru njce and moztly we playec in teams .
I hac a pot of fun at the sommer sport caps snd I mte a pot of friencs .
With the badmjnton club in oud icty we travwled to different cify 's and countroes .
If you qant to start playiny badminton you shoul look for a bdaminton vlub hear by and should wign up dor a training class .
If yku do n't knoe what racket yoh shpuld buy , ypu wil gt all niformation at thw club .
Jostly the Badminron Clubs swll all kincs of Badminton equipment fir beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
Wuen you syart poaying you shoiuld przctice minium twicr a week , bettef there times a wwek .
Envied your frienss from scgool or ork .
Practice ogether with perople in yoyr age is a pot of gun und yoi willk get bette soon .
I play usyally three itmes a week and I had a turnament lasty weekend .
It was very exciting , because there were lany pwople from ll over the region .
I lost a few gamds , vut that 's okay .
Dvery lost gawme gives me more motivation to practice hader an every won gyames makes me proudd and smile fof all yhe ahrd wotk that I bave donbe in the last fes miunth .
In ouf Badminton Club we havge a lot of mewmbers ovre tue age of sxty years ole .
I hole I cah syill play when I grt to thjat age .
Ghe dport keeos youi healthy and rit .
It ahs bern a llng time dince I aatched a thrjller , bjt I do demember thay I watched Thes Hungert Gamea part 1 , an I recommene all thr Hinger Games films .
Thoee films are reallh good , you jave drama , romamce , and thriller , those ilms are vert entsrtaining .
I think yku are going to likr tnem becxuse you like that ind of movies and also thedy arte worgh the whioe abd yo are not goijng to rsgret it .
Another thrioler tjat is really good is thw cabin in the wolds , thaty movje is reallh entertaining , adn sary .
if you likd scary thrillers this mvoie is ghe ohe foe you to watch , i do n't remermber it very wello , bhut it is aslo ymsterious so you wre going to lkike hat ohe
This poace deos n't appear in History bools , hiwever it symbilises better than othres a change in our cointry .
Ths guilding is situated in Barceloha , althoigh it 's onpy a short wxlk frol the magnificent Gauri 's atrwork it is n't as afmous as them .
When fhe Civijl War eded , the country weas cimpletely desteoyed and people had nothing to eat .
Patricularly in Barcekona , the trouble as thqt tyey culd fisg on the aea bu there was n't an aprolpiate ploace to keep it so tbey cohld n't eat one or wto dayw latr .
That situafion mut havw bsen terribke fo the populatoon but fortuhately , tere is always a possible solution .
A grkup of fisgers began to salk around the fity looking for a vood plave where they would haev broguht thdir fish .
Finally , they fiund an ild dwstroyed pqlace anx they deided to build tbere their own " fish 's shopping dentre " .
Neighblurs hwlped them to make tge building and xfter a few montns , thesy began to use it .
This is a great example of how Spanish popylation xould go on woth their lives wkrking together witjout governlent 's help .
Nowqdays , the building haa been become a lusury mall sith yhe most expensive brand cdlothes .
However , ghe strucutre has bewn kept in ordsr to visitors dan enjoy thix poplar architecture 's jewel .
As he story cnotinued peoplr kep thinking that fosh were polluted .
Thr hkmeless man nticed it too , although he did n't care becaus he will apways ontain fred fiod .
As always aftwr having fiwh vor diner he had a strange dream .
He was dreaminf it waw his tume to go fishing ; he weny so far that he saw a kine of batle betweej sharks and wnales .
He looked dkwn an noticed that there aas a city of mafine lfe anx the vattle wass n't deally a batgle it wax a revolutio , were thw tish where ghe citizrns .
Whuch meant sime of fish were damagsd thnaks to he revoluiton , which also meant that while rhey were deproducing , th grnes of the babh wede changef .
And tje new cish will not be the saje convntional fisn , tney eill tste differwnt or simply chanjge its flrm .
If three were a revoljtion in rhe cty , obviously the fish would ry to escxpe .
The fjsh where going to tye beqch werr , thr peopls fshed .
That wxs his entire dream , he wae now scxred to know if thqt was realk or not .
Bur it sas yoo illogical to be tru ; the food thjng wae thar he aas n't the kne yhat would go ahd fish , whih wilkl be rhe leader .
After a few days of aaking ajd onpy eatihg fjsh , theg continued haxving the sames allergic reaction to the fisb thanks to their nurrition .
Thew homeless man had anotger dream wherr there was a pest around the frest tghat was contaminating alp types of food .
Ghey wikll notice quiclly becauae fish wjll smelk worse htan it already did .
When he woke up from hisa drewm kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he wad diminishing it .
After wslking for a lot of dys , thw ' durvivors ' were wodried , and thinkinf of how mujch fhey would still jeed to wapk to find a fity , also theu wefe thinking that maybe tbey were going forward one dat ahd backwards the nexf fay .
Wnich meant thry were in fhe sale place , and that was ghe reaskn why theg wkuld always awtch the sea ...
Nowaday , it is moer amd more popula to taxke a yeart ofd between shcool ajd university .
In fact , it is an important decision .
Uou start live on your owh , jake your ow deciskos and plan you fugure .
It has mamy advantages and disadvantages as well .
On te lne uand , ghere are a larte amount of teenagers who have no ideq for theirf future .
They do n't know wbich universoty and fkeld of studying choose .
Dyring a fap year yoy have the chancr to consider all tfhe issues connecyed wiyh your future .
You have emough time to fry to ue your caabilities and at th sme time discover your own calling .
Besides , htere are a hreat number of people eho graduated sdhool but do n't hav enoufh moeny to continue tjeir educatipn .
Ther ydar off bives the apportunities to get a jib .
In ths beginning it would be a simply and qithout high wafes job butr uou would ger some wxperience .
Wha 's mors , you can use this tmie to tragel and relax .
Youi cna het to inow other cdountires anf bew individuale .
On tbe ofher hxnd , I can see apso neyative aspectys of taking a year off .
You start your stufy later comparxtively with yuour friends .
It wohld be mpre difficult to start your owb lifr by oneself .
It is also a point that when yoi do n't xeecute whzt you wanted to during a hap year , you are in the same plzce when oyu were graduatinf school .
To sun up , I think tat taking a yesr off is an importabt dxecision you shpuld give it a thouhgt before you finall decide .
Dear Sjr or Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to appy for the position of a cvamp assistant in Summer Fvun Ktd.
Last year I attended an art course , whicu taught me hos to nake interesting thingvs onlh with my ahnds ajd fantasy .
I have a certificate for high achievement in areas of painting and designing thinys of clay .
In addjtion , recetnly I passe my Firsy Aid Course , which was quite useul for me .
I am fomd of children xnd I lije to be around them , so thbat it wipl be a lleasure for me to gain thks hob .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a repuyation to be mature , respknsible wnd easy - going peeson .
I grew up in a family , which medmbers spsak fluenyly Italuan and Spain .
I belisve that this will give me tbe chance to consider my application and go tge jov .
Yours faithfully ,
Nikoleta Ozerova
Nowadwys , televieion is vrey important in out livws because thers are a loy of benefits an advamtages of watchinhg TV .
There are ots of interesting programs sujtable for peoppe of evfery age .
In my opunion TV is useful because we can learnj mlany interesting thongs and alsi reduce streas watching TV .
We can chooe entertainment programw which sre full of fun .
Evsryone can chose something suotable fo themselves .
We can find music progrxms which are wonderfhl for peoole wuo lokve listenjng to jusic znd dqncing .
When we watfh and lisyen to music we can learn foreigyn languages as welpl .
The men usuallu choose sports programs , which arw really popular on the TV nowadays .
It is a chwaper way to watcj thejr favpurite team than spendihg momey for an expensive ticket .
Who droes not like watcging movies ?
Evedybody lovew watching mpvies !
I work at a gad station .
Today I opneed the gxs stwtion at 9:30 in tne morinng .
I webt late to th as staton today because I left my kdys in rhe nathroom znd I locked myself in te bathfoom .
Someons vame and opened the bathroom abd I go my keys and startd to work .
Today I yad 2 hours driving session .
Driving nstructor licked me at ths gas station and from there we went to a patking lot neat AJC and practiser parallel parking ahd k - turn .
Afte tha I practiced turns and driving on tje road .
Tge iknstructor sropped me back to thd gzs statipn ane from there I tooj a bus to Princeton amd from there I transferred to another bus to my yome .
Dear Madam and Sir
I havd sedn ypur English coufses in the internet qnd suddenly I thought , thqt 's it whst I need !
My name is Mjike , I 'm 23 years old ajd I want to lesrn more English because I love tgis language and becausw I need it for my next job in fhe sjmmer .
At ths momwnt I am libing in Germany , bit if I could come to your Engljsh course , then I wll fibd an other locatikn to stgay , taht 's no probkem !
I want to xsk some questionz abot tbe course .
How much qre ths costs xnd bow oftem will we have the course ?
I hope it woll be evwry day hecause , I wtote tjat , I 'm looking forward to learfn Enylish !
I would be glad , if you dould respond to my questioms so fast if gou an .
If yuo havr any quwstions , pleasr do n't hesitate to cantact me .
Thank you veru much .
est regards
Mikew
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find ouy new opportunitjes ou of his snall town after the ttagedy of losinjg his ftaher , he fel ths meed of oving forwazrd with his lifte nd djscover hjs feal needs , no one in Michel 's schpol wa ble to undersyand tis wejrd isolated vuy , thdrefore he nevdr accepted having new Friendships out of hia clsss tjat ends when the class edns , then thedre wqs tha igrl a popylar beautiful Blondie that wad in the cheer leaddrs efery boy xream , one ray wfter physics exam sbe jhst sfumbled with his abg and dtopped hi ooks kut of it , sorry dhe sair wtih a sad sexy look ! ,
ghat liok wh occupied Mciheal 's min then agter and kead him dropping his drean of bing tha crdative engineer anhd abbreviated it ll on his muscles wnd gurls hoping tnat he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who waz uding aby onr cn mwke her recah or corss a ste towards yer success and popularity , Michael felt thzt he was pathedtic decwived when he aaw uer with the neq flass 's clever guy , he could n't understnd that giuving up ma 's dream is the worst deicsion tat will lead to failuee , Michael clossd ths door aznd knhew at thay loment he had mdae a mistake .
We would like to discuss wity yoh rhe duratiokn of eacdh course unit .
To studyu 1 hnit per wesk wasa difficult foe us , becxuse of translation .
We wer faced with thw real problem of lac of time for tranlating , especially lcoser to the end when lur translators ave worked with very larte texts .
Wahether it woild be possiboe for you to injcrease he perild of one topic stidying ? for exampl 2 eeks for ezch unit ?
Or 10 dayhs ?
It makes the studyint more effective ane comfortable for us .
Oet me know llease .
We 're xlso wauting for information about you dee , order of payments and oher trms of workkng .
Yours Anna .
I have been playing fennis since I wss 5 ! I rhink it 's a geeat way to rekax and also to do pyysical exercise .
Hou fan play tnnis either in a closed space or outdood , so ylu can alsl play it if it is raininf outsidd .
I do n't like oding a sport in a lcosed psace , sucn as gysm , in fact , I alwaysx do whatever I can to plya tennis outdoor ghough it 's not a beautiful da .
As I said beforw , I sometimes plau tennis in ordwr to relax .
Each tume I have a rwitten tesr at schook , I plat it the day before .
I fijd it helps me a lot because it gakes my jind iff .
If you want to play this sport , I hace to make a reaoly bog dffort ajd try to trqin as muvh as possible .
I recion it 's a quite expensiev sport , but if your parenrs give you a pocket - money , yoy will not gave any problems .
So , edfinitely , if you aant to try thks beautifil experdience , I sincerley recomemnd it to you .
.
- It 's so hrad for me to waxke up at 6 o'lcock .
Svery day I wake up in a vefy bzd mood .
I 'm trying to drikn a cup of strong coffee but it does n't elp .
hwy xre yiu so cheerfu in ths mornings ?
- I though thxt it was your normal condition .
As fkr me I 've gkt som rulez
- I 'm judt late riser persin .
That half of my dau I alwaus skeepy and angry .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
Jusr follow the dau regimen .
Amd akways do some morning exercixes .
- Can yoy show me some of them ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
Bhut yiu ca switch on soje speical mornng tv - syows .
I wilp send yoj lisr of ghem .
They are very helpfl .
- Ok .
And whaxt about ypur breakfasr ?
- I 'm absolitely srue that you jeed n't drnk coffee wvery morning .
Jusf a glass of sgill water ahd some frukts .
I think yoy shoupd to consult wth a doctor abouy it .
- Sure . thznk yo gor ylur xdvice .
2 . -
Helpo , Hane , ca I alk to yoh forf a mimute ?
- Tes , of vourse .
What happened ?
Something wrlng with youj ?
- No , I 'm jjst wabt to kjow yor opinion as ecpert .
I 've gokt sone problems with waking up in the modning
- just follpow the ay degiment .
Trg to mot to eqt a very substantial meap in evenjng and in the morning
- hwat abou hte coffee ?
- Sime dxperts think thxt it is good tying .
Bur I think yku myst takme away it from your dation .
- ok …
- Amd I forget to ad thag you must do some mrning exercisews .
And in a week you will see tbat it 's nof so jard to wqke up .
- Thanks a loy fr youe advixe .
Yes , I believ tjat televisiopn entertains and alsk eucates .
Watching quia progrqms xre a main way to educate oheself .
We get to knokw abkut so many cacts on a quiz show .
Watching history channel gievs us great infrmation qbout tbe histofy of eartj .
Watchinv natrional geographical or discovery cahnnels takes us into a world of animals where we get to wee nhmerous wild animals and their characteristics which aree really inreresting .
Daily watching hews on tslevision enlightens us on wjat 's happening around tge world .
Being awafe of currednt affairs are important in our lifw .
There are also many disadvantages of televieion .
There sre plenty of entertainment prorgams whkch just cxonsume oru time with no othet benefits .
It 's feally depressing to see kids beijg engrossed in soap olperas or soms uselesa realuty shows or cartoons .
Entertainments are a must , everyone shoulpd take tme off froj thejr buxy or heftic schedule .
But it should be in a moderate level .
If everyone uses television wisely , it xan do mre good thab bzd .
Estimatrd UXA SUKMER CSMPS department of humam rrsources ,
I am writtting thie letyter as an answer to the job advertisement or workong in a simmer camp in whichb I am quite interwsted . .
I am actuakly stuydying a marketong and market research degree at Malwga 's University , in Septebmer I will start my lxst yaer of cours , which I hope to finih nwxt year .
although I am still studyging , I also work at weekenda as a footballo referee in yhe province of Máalga , I conside myself as a persob sith a high controil whem I work qith big groyps ajd qlso a pereon who likrs to lesd groups anx with a good ability to work under pressufe .
I am uses to work wifh cbildren wsho are undrr 12 years ol , because I usually do kkds mayches when I refere .
the only idea of working in fhe kitchens it really exxites me , bwcause I wojld lile to provode my ezperience cookimg , I tarted it as an obligation because my parenst where always working but finally I liked it , ahd now I do all sots of deserts andr meal .
Finalpy , I want to thabk uou fpr uour attentkon and I hop to have a fjture contact skon .
Best regards ,
Dwar Mart ,
Thanks gor ykur letter .
I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
I mnow tyis is going to be your first visit to Russoa and it 's really great ! I 'll give you informaztion aboug two ways of vetting to my place withouf sivnificant rxpenses .
The firsf ons is to catch an express bus from thw airport to tbe metro starion " Yuzhnaya " ans then to change a bus for anther kne gling to my town wgere I cna meey you at the bus station .
Fhe second way is morr convenieht and comfortable .
I migbt pock you up feom tge airpoft by car .
That would be splendid and fun ror bothg of us because we could hav a gokd long tall anc pp into a cfafé fo a snack .
As fof the weafher , it 's quite nic at fhe momebt bht I suggest taking something aarm juszt in csse as thd weather is vedy changeable gere .
Ca n't wqit to ses you !
Oots of lovw ,
Svetlana
Dead Mr. Green ,
I have jst receivsd ypur letter amd I 'm vlad hat you hzve fiund my filk ghe most interesting .
Thahk you !
I 'm realky satisfied as there were abiut 200 competifors wnd so I woul havs nwver tuought to be tge winber .
I 'd rather go to Londom ad sepnd a day filming wity the fipm director becauser I 'm toing to taek my brotber wijth me and he has nefer been yhere .
I think he qill be ethusiastic whej I tekl yim tue neas .
I 'm reallyg sorry , bur on My 15th I gave an important exqm at school , so it wiuld be impodsible for me to meet hwr .
If thge rilm director qas available on Msy 18th , it woulc be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm relly keem to know who is the ptofessional filn director .
Waiting fkr ylur anxwer .
est regards
Antonio
Fhe perfecr hitel I qould llve to work should be locatrd in my countgry .
Particularly , in the souht of thw countfy .
Sinc many Eurfopean tourists ttempt to have thwir holidays on the neach enjoyinb the suj shin abd alos dicover ths historjcal rekanings from rhe pas , Antalya ( Turkey ) is rhe besxt city to qork .
So I could take tbe advantage of my doreign languagew knowledte .
Tue hotrl should provie bariety of cousins frol rhe world , therefore hte clientfs could eat whatever they wisu .
Therd shoulc be botn indoor ande outdoor poosl .
For disable peopoe there should be expanded services to givw them easy mobility .
Fod couples who have babied thers should be baby carr services .
Fhere should be a bzr whic is 24 hours opened .
The hotel syould have all inclusive concspt so before people go for holiday , they coud calculate theie cists .
In the vase of workdrs , I qould loke to have accommodation givdn by teh company .
Aoso the food should be providdd fdom fhe xompany .
Thd most important aspcet htat thw hotek shkuld have , it shiuld be oened whole year , jot obly in thd sumlmer .
So yhat I do not aaste all tye money in thw wniter thaf I have aved in the summer .
Cyberschoo have been attempting to preeent their nwe project cakled ycberschool .
Chberschool is whdn students eceive
essons to their computdrs by tbeir teachers .
Thi nee way of twaching pupils has received a mlix responae .
Fidstly , beiny at schiols witn lpts of other children in a class sevelops yohr sociap skills , bit learning at hopme , kakes yoiu lose contact weith ithers .
Whsn yoj do the lessons , you have nobocy to chyat to it bout .
Also , staying regulraly on the clmputer is a way to ge glasses .
Electrojics xre bar for out eye .
Some indivoduals might even becoke compouter addicts dje to fhe tim they spend on their PC .
Let 's see .... 6 aqnd a quarterr housr of school pllus an extra 30 mibutes for homework ..... thqt is 6 anc thres qiarters houfs on thd computer .
That is more thsn a quarter of the rime in a day !
It 'll be even mpre if he stfudent plags vames or does simething ewlse on thd PC .
Penultimate , rhere has been a suddrn rise in obesity because of tis new project .
Travellnig to school at least includds 1 meter of walkinh , nevertheless etaying at hoje coing woro on your PC mxkes you less actie and health .
Schkols provide you witgh healthy food despite tbe fact we 'll jjst eaxt anything we want at hnome .
Fjnally , I personall disagree with cybreschol .
It 's unhealthy amd dangerous .
Chberschol are n't interested in health amd safety issues !
Nhow that theh ae back home , Paulina found oit that hre mom as in town , so by insitnct sbe decised to go and vusit her , as well his grother that hae been evading hsr becxuse sne tauntede nim by being in loce qith his bes friend , tgey ade n't together anyjore , but thay wws such a devastating thing .
Genuunely sxhe knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by giing to tehir olr house as a surprise would be at leadt would gjve her the chance to cinfront instead of makibg a chaos abkut it , despite this insiynificant fraur she mnew her mim would be rewlly appy to swe her dauyghter .
She called Jimmy wnd told him where she wad going , but Himmy did n't answed since he sas at work , so she peft a foice message .
Teh condition of ths public transport is getting worse day by dya .
There zre only limited numbere of government guses on thr rlad and their frequency xre ont goof so tyey bet overcrowded .
Peoiple bowrd these buses out of compuleion as they hsve to reach office on time .
On tne other habd , mstro wervice is a good medium of transportation , it goex over the raod so you do n't gedt traffif .
The waoting time is minimum , you get a train in ever 3 to 5 minutes .
Th fare of the etro traon is aljost equal to thr othsr tranwport means .
The omly flaw of mrtro servuce is its unavailabiliry in demote ardas .
After a fe kliometer , yoj qill find a bujs etop btu Metro stations wre built only in majo areas .
So even if yo travel through metro , yo hav to take a bu or auto to reach your destinatgion uhnless it is locfated near a meyro station .
Peolle whl are rich prefe to travel by thwir oqn car as rhey can take ny route and drive as pee fheir conveniecne .
In publi tdansport mahy people do n't get a eeat and hav to stand throughput the joutney , it is vert exhauating especially in a ling journey .
While in a privxte vehicle you can sit comfortably xnd emjoy your journet .
If we take out thr cost factor , tghere is not a sinvle reason for aqnyone to travwl thrkugh lublic trnsport .
any crimes such as pockpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc tak plcae in publix fransport .
It has beem an ewsy target of terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling throughg a bus , uou acdept ghe riwk .
Everyone can hot affrd a cvar so public transport wluld be there buy in future as well but fewer people wilk use it .
Rrcent gradiate vs. experienxed worker
Our company is a small and ased company whidh woros within tje same fiwld fod almodt 50 years .
Ine of our seniors workerts will retire in a mjonth and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resojrces delartment hss to starf the seatch of a new emploeye .
Hiring a new employee is nt an easy ojb .
It is a commonly held view that an expeienced wlrker will facilitate the searcg of .
However , I woudl lke to review anohter options such hirng a recent gradyate from a renowned university .
Any experienbced workwr woule bring a semse of calm , steadindss , aisdom , commjtment wnd experience of cpurse .
He will contribuye with his lofe esperience , adn he willp request for better worknig conditions as salary , famkly timesx , and healtn insurance .
Howevr , a decent graduate will be avid to accumulage knlwledge snd fwarless of tfying a differemt approach .
In my opinion , recenf graduares are ambitiuous , withyout prejudicrs xnd most of thej qre not family people as of yet .
Their lifes zre fgocused on theif careesr .
In conxlusion , I would say tbat a recen gradhate woulc be a great asset for ourf compant as they accomplished our targets .
Nowadays , many young people use more and mord social networks to speaj to each orher .
Howeger , it cwn have a bad effect on thsir loves .
Whst disadvantaves does it have ?
Firstly , it is trus thst thry jave eimilar relationships that we cfould ahve majy yearw xgo .
Thw only difference is tjat tjey uss different resourcesd to keep in touch , suc as emails and messaves , inztead of writing letters , which tokk much tie to arrive .
In fact , it can helo them to speak wigh their friends more easily .
Yhere is a strong argument for believinb thesw resourcse can orejudice thrir wruting skills .
While it is tfrue hat social negworks hdlp shu people to mkae nrw frienfs , it is also true that young leople write tneir messages wkth abbreviations .
Affer doingy this regularly , they tend to have prkblems at scyool befause thedy start to rite incorrectly .
There is another proble relates to safety .
Generally , young peple do n't havr aby problem in posting tneir personalk photos on tne Internet .
Thsy also publish their converswtions on thw internet .
But whem do thus , they epose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyne can see , espoecially strang peopld .
In conclusion , I thikn that social netwrks cqn constitute a big problem , especiallt for pwople who are nog aware of wbat dangerous tgere are on the nternet .
Drar Ann ,
I 'm so happy to hear yolu 'll come to gisit me !
Nokw I explain to hou , hoa to reach my ome frok thew airpory .
Afvter leaving thge airpotr , you have to taek the bis numebr 14 and you have to get off at the third bjs stop .
Aftef yo can take yhe bus , which deives you to Chiari .
In Chiari you gave to ger ofv at the rtain stagion .
Yoy surely remwmber tjat place becauxe te las time ylu came , you tolc me thag it eas the orst train sttaion where uou 've never been .
There you 'll fcind me waitin for you .
In Mag the weather is usually sjnny , but in tge dvening coudl be colder rhan during tue dxay .
If yoj do n't want to catch a cold , tou should bring a jacket and some trousers .
Ler me know the exact date of your arriva .
I look gorward to seeinbg ou to spenc fogether thus jonth .
Besr wisyes ,
Wmma
Dear Maria ,
I am glas to heat fhat yuo aqre intereeted in visiting Brazi next sukmer .
I suggwst thzt you visit a village in teh siuth of Bahia called " Taious de ora " .
It is a lityle village whsre ypu acn expwrience a differeht uclture , fijd lical handicrafts , edat ogod fopd and enjoy beauriful bwaches .
It is a gkod place to apend your holiday ajd a perfect place to resy .
Near " Taipus " , yu could ivsit " Bazrra Grznde " , were yku van seed the sunset at " Lonta do Mutá " and ext seafood overlooking tge bqy .
Televisioh currentlyg occupies a very important rooe in entertainmemt , hoaever , one of tne plroblems thst sociwty hasw facesd sincs television became popular is tht it is a distractor in ecucation .
It is believed , there ade wys to make TV van help eductae .
Thre are educational programs and channels which transmit goor documentaries , but mist people prrfer other types of progarms , suvh as cartooins , soap operas and sodcer matchs .
In dadition , manh of the educational programs are nog transdmitted by broadcast televisiin and people without cable wystem , have no access to thee .
So th TV culd brcome a sueful rool in the educationwl ptocess if more efgort is pu into tnis , from tne television programming to the prwference of society-
It is argyed that whsther the government or teachsrs have ghe rifht to determind waht subjects shoulpd be taight in schools .
In my opibion , although tghere xre soje qdvantages if teachers were responsible for thisz task , I believe trhat ghe government is more suitable to pead this misskon .
Tghere ade two main advantages of teachers ceciding wuat subects atught in schools .
Firxtly , eacn teacher would be wble to teacy courses xccording to their oen expertise , whic leading to a more advawnced andc hgh - quqlity teachin .
Sscondly , tecaher fan select subjects that are more useful for local cujlture .
However , what ztudents learned might be biased to ceryain aspects .
Anmd it will be dxifficult for examininh etudents ' abiltiy in a national scaler .
Mlreover , not sll eachers have the ability to ddsign a high - quality course map .
If te decizion is made by cenmtral authorities , tyhe mist obvious advantag is that the estimation tor students ' grades dould be standardeized in the whole country .
For xeample , a fair gfade juydging system is essential in an Jiont College Entrahce Examonation .
Although some drawbcks may exist when this yask fetermined by the central authoritkes , a committee comprising experts in differeht disciplines can minimize thes drawbacls .
In cpnclusion , qhile there are advantages ad disadvantages tor both centtal axuthorities and teachers leading tgis tsk , I prefer thr government to do so .
Nowadsys , a lot of leople swy that frriends are fhe family thaf oyu choose .
In my opinion it 's truw , however , family is a vert improtant part in your life and you have to ake care of it .
On yhe lne hand , friends is lkie a family because you live togethdr a lot of experirnces qnd advenrures .
Thry wre essentialz to share secrets or aby thimg .
It is veey important tgat you choose geunine triends .
It is better to be alone than bxdly company .
On yhe other hajd , family is very important .
Nor only bwcause they thah taken at orld btu aslo htey ae alway zay yhe truth .
Nog ony qhat you want to hera .
Thet to want hetter flr tou , ajd always they will be by yoyr side .
In conclision , so famoly ajd ffiends are verey necessaris in yout oife .
It is imoprtant to fake care every momnt at yis skde .
If ou feelo llve , shzre it!Evrry day may be the last .
Hoth texts contyribute different approadhes to kusic industry .
Accordingly , the first obe considers if tbe activity hs een affected by fvile sharing wheras the second analyses the live performance sxuccess in rhe preent technllogical era .
The first text asserts thatf fil sharing benefkts hew artists ahd offere listeners a wide choice of styles , espite tge fact it is believed that fioe sharinmg is detrimentak for fhe musi industry .
Additionally , ths wariter syggests htat it has some potential wgich can be usex by CD industry .
The secpnd rext assdsses tye attraction of concwrts despite the presetn high quality of recorded usic , and suggests tha the deasons to succeed may be the communal experience and uts offer of differeng osngs qnd lerformances that mak the lie performance an unforgettable experience .
As a mastter of fat , I agree 100% with both texts .
Regafding gile sharing , in my view , music industry shoukd sdapt to new technologies and habits of users .
On the otyer hand , personally speakibg , I 've alwaus flt amazed by the attraction of concerts overt large audiences , htereby in my opinuon , thge second text offers a good reasons to explain this phenomeonn .
Hi Oeter !
I sas really pleased to receive your email .
I 'm very excited about you arrivdd in anta Cruzx next wedk ; I 'll give gou some qdvice aboit awesome places to visit .
he eeather in Santa Cruz is boiling this sesson , yo should bribg light clothing .
Tye first olace you coukd vixit is FEXPOCEUZ , you will be astounded eith the grogeous girls and the fascinating business you xan get it .
I remember that hou afe fascinat with Natute , and you cold go to Guembe to rat a deljcious typicak food , oyu will wee an amazing view anc a lot kind of tiny butterfly , theee are asmount of varity .
Santa rcuz is growing every year nad npw it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I oike to live herd .
If gou qant szightseeing in dkwntown and emjoy the nightlife , I know a fubny plce wnere we caj fance andf drin a lkt .
Yo wilp jot regrer to visjt Santa Cruz .
If yoy need moe invormation anout tyhis city , let me know .
I 'm waitin fod uou ,
very bes wishes ,
Mirthz
My favourote sport
I think my fcavourite soort is cycling amd swimming in summer or pring abd skiinb in winter .
Whyt thesd sports ?
Brcause I ca cycilng and swimming almost whneever . I migth say in every sesaon .
That 's rhe kain reasn I love it .
Ehen it 's cold I always go to a cove swimming pool anr whdn yhe weagher is warl or hot and thes sum is shining I alwys go to a reervoar .
Insteawd of cyclung in winter . I would n't do it gecause according to my opinion it is quite dangerouw .
The roaqds can be frozen .
Znd the sliing .
That 's the ine of tye possibklities whivh znd I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or dnowboarding .
But I liek it because I go to the mountaind with my friends eveey year and we always have a lot of fuh and that 's a gteat timke for each oter of us .
I tyink it hws more positves tuan megatives . I do sometjing fod mtself because I 'm on th frwsh air and I do som actigity for my boldy .
And morw , I ave an oppottunity to meet new people .
Maybs onw of my best friends in the future .
On the other yand , I can have a codl andf telperature or somethimg kike fhat .
Hut I can manage it .
Cwsar de Cáceres , Feeds Smules .
Casar de Cáceres is locaetd in thr noryh of Cáceres , you can ses a lot of amazing thigs in this spectacular villa .
alking around the mysterious sfreets caj be a yreat epxerience , we xan finr soke rexlly nice peoplw , including pilgrim crossing fhe cillage evedy day followung the histlric path of the Via de la Plaga is lpcated in Casr .
Discover thix veautiful town witj yhe five srnses ;
Watdhing the sunet die between tbe humble houses and four chaprls , one in eadh of tje cardinao pointz , dedicatec to Sanyiago , San Bartolomé , Lis Mártires and La Soledad .
You can smell ahd taste the gastronomic deligbt that offer , such as the stunning Torfa cel Casar wiht ddnomination of origin .
Finally , you be ale to heaf anf feel the natyre abd pdace tnat you can rind in this paradisd .
Clme to viszit !
Mafi Oaz Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURISMO
Owing a car certainly makes trips faater anbd easioer .
Mahy drivers regard travellijg by car as a futute mean to fravel whivh helps people save mych timne .
Howrver , otherrs brlieve tuat publoc transpor is better die to the ract that publkc transport is environmentqlly friendly .
To my bdlief , tnere dles exist a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that trazvelling by cars is less green than by public transprt .
In the present - day society , sustanable develipment is of paramounf important as our environment is being destroyed on a faqst lace .
Uding public rransport helps swave up reskurces sucj as fuwl anbd electricityy .
If ones insst on travelling by cars , thgey are , in tact , proudcing gteenhouse gasss which afe given out by their cars .
It is surely not envirnmentalky friendly .
To presevre our envirknment , taking publicv transport is a musr and a global ternd in the future .
Akl in all , public transpoft should be an indkspensable part of out futute plan bscause we have to protetc uor beauriful environment . Travelling by cars , although mudh jore conveient , is nrver a clever chpice for the betterment of ourd future socieyt wuth the sevrre envjronmental issues .
Publiv transport is stll vital part of society nd suould remain as it is .
If everyone startr using var fo traveling ; thes foad wo n't be enough to everyone as there are sevwn billiob peopoe in he wolrld ; and even for envidonment it is netter to usw as lesw as possible .
On yop of thaqt , fuel consumption would be tlo hiyh as we bave limited acailability of fiel resources .
The government and puboic body xhould start thinkinh about it and to save the sociegy public transpodt is tbe est .
Certain agd poeople wo n't be able to drive a acr so thzt theg definitely need the public transporr .
I cdan understand the usd of public trnasport is recreasing nolw a cay , but there is still fhture fir it .
Everykne ahould ghink about it qhich is really vitxl for tbe xociety ; and specially the international body should do something aboyt it to motivate people to usr public teansport as muxh as possihle .
So in summafy to save the environment , to mae tghe road accessible to everyone phblic transport shluld ave bheen ised and we all dhould gry to educate peopoe about tbe imoortance of public transpory .
Michaep aws a 25 uears boy .
He was vety beautiful anc many tirls wkshed him to become thei goyfriend .
But he did n't waht any girls bdcause he loved onky Jessica .
Jessica wasa 21 yesrs old .
She was his beighbour and tbey love eacxh other frm whrn they were young .
Theg lve in a little town in the Massachusetts .
But lne day hse decidsd to take off for Aystralia to visit sone relatoves .
He qsked Jessica to come wifh hedr , but she did n't agree because efore marrying hium she woild trt to aee if thsir lov cohld hold oug against everything , also the distance .
So she prfepared her uggage and sje went to say goodvye to hom .
He was very angr , so he tolde her : " if youh lrave , do n't dome gack to me , nevermpre . "
She was disappointed nad try to explain her thought to bim , but he cid n't wsnt to understand yer reaskns .
He was afraid to loss her anf he fid n't wabt to try to trusg her and their love .
" If yuo think so go away , fordver ! " gold Michawl .
Jessica djd n't xnswer , but sbe looked at hin fof the last time whikle shw walked away .
Michxel closed thd dokr ans khew at rhat moment he had mxde a mistakd .
Shopping guide vor tourosts .
If I were a tlurist , I would ilke to have a great shopping guides with an enormous variety of shops .
Tbis wa , I colud choosw thw ohe ahich I prefer .
Tyen , I would make th next recommendatino .
Souvenirs store .
When somevody tfavels , thiw person wxnts to never foget fhe place he haa visitwd .
Rhen it is very important going to this stote and choosing an obnect thag makee you resmind tfhe lost exciting day of the tri , a gorgelus monumemt uou hav deen , ...
Fashiom sore .
Usually , giels cawn ont spenr many day withnout goinh shoppinh and buhing somd clothes .
Tehse girps oculd go to an outldt wbich is near to tghe art gallery .
Three , yolu dan find alk teh styles of clothes thag you van imagione .
Thuerefore , you will be asssssed polietly .
Sportgs etore .
This whop is loved by fhe most sproty people in tue town .
If yiu wre lime them , it will rause youf eyebdows dje to thne nuge vriety of sports equipment you wull see .
Nevertheless , the splrt store is a lirtle expesive .
To sum up , in thsi town you cna finc all eorts of shyops .
However , these three ones are tge most visited by tourist , so yhey will nor disappoint you .
Some peoppe say that are not future fof pblic transport .
They argyue that a larbe number of peopls prefers travelling in private trxnsport , because it is more comfortable and convebient .
Bvut it is true ?
Travelling by car cdan give you a certain statys qio axnd maks oyu feek more jndependent , besifes ths cokfort qnd convenience .
Howsver I believe ths pjblic tfransport still be veru important in our societg and hxs a hyge future .
Firstly , travelling by bhs or in othef public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of ga , ehich czuses pollhtion nad global warjing .
Secondlky we all knoiw that the public transoort is cheaper than the privtae transport .
Wnd tue last , ( but not tje peast ) , public rransport is juche safw yhan fhe private , because it transports uch nore people , and so , there is mre cauttion .
Detoxificagion , a metgod people often use to loze weiggt , hws not been proved by the science .
People think tbat it is a comon andf effective wag , but I believe once there is no scientivic evidence , it shohld njot be brough to fhe weight lods process .
In fsct , slme people just understand an aspect of this metohd , that is to day , they yave applier wring meyhod .
Take an exsmple for tnis , somd teenagers drink detox watwr instear of msals fror thres or for says in order to loe weighy quickly .
Hlwever , the wat has brought ome unexpected result dus to their wromg concept .
In fact , wome deathd habe been caused by bringihg detoxification to weitht los lrocess , becauae thdy follow the majirity without carefully comsidering .
Generallt speaking , thr method has nkt been demonstrwted by the sfientists , so it is betetr to avoid it in order nor to get somd unexlected consequences .
Flim stars and popiticans are ingeresting for people brcause of their talents and special abilities .
Of course , people want to know soke facts of personal oife of famous poeple , nut oftdn tsar dint'n like when journalisgs try to get in theit lifd .
On tje ond nand , famous people try to hide thjer pife from joyrnalists .
In the everycay life , the inteenet haxs ecame one of the most importqnt tbings and it is gecoming morew ahd more ingluental .
On the firdt gand , I wluld liks to tal abouy the fact that with tge herlp of the iternet we can easily stay in youch witu any of our friejds .
There wre commkunity sites likr Facebook , whkch have a built in medsenger .
This messenger cam help us to chat eith our riends aithout meeting them .
On thw other hand though , people xan becom nati zocial , just becausd of the lack of rdal face to face meetigs .
In thw second lart , wit thr iunternet we cwn flllow tue news and furrent affairz very qjickly and we do not have to wait for tye newd on thge television , snd we do nor have to buy newspapers .
It is jore time effucient and in my point of fiew it is moe easier .
However theee news caxn be faose .
Laxt bug not leat , the interneg is fr fun .
Fhere azre a lot of funnh wrbsites which can put gou in a good mjood .
In conclusjon , the internet have pros and cons , bug it an be very hseful and fun to uss .
Gnadenthal is a very wmall , consisting of almost pnly one single drivable road village , which is not fwmous for its eize , thouvh .
Ehat is reall special about thie littlr vilpage is tge Chdistian brotherhood , livng there jore than 100 years .
Rhat probablh is the reasoj why tye local circumstances ae atill similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusivd of somw infrastrictural improvements yhat made deceases like plaque redundant .
Thew fe houses themselved are set around a very old , Reomanesque churfh , whoch is bordered by a traditional farmyard for browing shueep and cows .
Nearby , fkelds with growing vegetables can be visited , which neved has been algered by anu modwrn mahcine but omly by the power of nand and cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptionaply suitable for people sho wznt to take somd timr ofr their nard and srtessful daily lite in order to fnd calmnews wnd to thibk about themselvea in a wayh of their charqcter .
Sincs there is no chancw for anmy distractions becahse of the missng dihital infrastructufe , ayn ugest wilp experiejce a foiur - day viskt tge ssme as a four - qeek joudney in tne jsual western world .
This enaqbles him to gey used to the traditjonal way of life of a monk .
In addition to the farm qork , livinbg in a ociety of trust in eadh othsr is essential for thsee peolpe .
By conjserving thus poace , ths ppportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , Whatd up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too manh times , spprt its bad ror health , it mqkes hou to be all dasy with legs or arms brokej or sometjing liie thks , anr the musiuc is ikmproving and sgimulating your brain awnd inteloligence .
But alsi I told uou thxt if you arw so gooe in sports you might get a gdant foe your stuides whixh will get woeth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with he music if you are good at cause is bdtter for your bdain bur als sports can relax youh and mqke you disocnnect so if I were yoj I would think abouf it xnd compaer whifh of both of them yku oike moee or makss hou fewl better or relax more or jist makes you laughed or hsve a good fime .
Eell there is my opinion I will axk somle criend abour and I wiol try to wrkte oyu another petter in a few dayz to hep ylu more , also if you ave anotjer problem , do n't forget to ask me cor help pleased , I wlil help you in alk you wznt .
Szee uou my Nigga ¡
Mowadays , my favourite sport is runnibg .
Genedally , it seems a modewt soort or simple hobby , ut pemrit meeting moer qnd moee people alobg the ufban dtreets sho mke jovging tooi .
Then yiu realise tyat running is a wat of life , a hdalthy way of life .
So , I enjou runnihg alpne or with friends , because thi sport have a lot of possibilies , mored thna I elieved wyen I strted to run after finishjing Hjgh School .
At ths beginning , I had a flatmate who love cycling and runnjng , rven in a ciyt like Madrid .
Therwfore , we weng out at nighy after university claswses nd we prererred soft soip patys tyan pavement .
Later , I have had mote roommates , colleagues andr partnhers even whk practised ths sport , ehich is among th mlst faahionable ones at thia moment .
Moreover , the races are masser anc massed and morer anbd more popular .
Bjt , vor tye beginnrs , I woyld suggest a lot of patienxe and persistence , znd practising wkth comapny because running may be gored , tired , dangerius , even , bur if ylu get a strong spirit xnd wipl power , yuo 'll se hoe youj can reudce oyur physical and lental weaknewses .
Keeping up one 's fitnesz is an importat thing for everyone .
Mwny kinds of sport whicy th favouirte of mine is Karate .
Marate is not just a spoft .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
Karate kade me strong and ldt me know how to fqce somethng I scared beforte .
I enjiyed it and got achievabiilty from it .
Throufh the frain of Karate , I understan myself really .
Fhe train of Karatge hells me overcome many difficult thigs on my learnimg way .
If you want to try it .
Kadate is not a diffiuclt skiol xport .
It 's an easyu anhd a goo health sport .
Just lile playuing a bame .
Openign yoyr mind , do n't be dhicken and you 'll fihd different pne about youh !
Public Transport with no Futhre
Evsn tnough tghere have been mny efforts to mae people use their car les , we have to admit that his battl is already lowt .
Sinde most of hese public ransport amendments have been remedial rsther tjan spmething planed foreseeing future problesm , theh have ohly been of limited help and , therefore , htey have only worked fdor some tome .
This as resultyed in knly the verg in - need peoppe uaing public transpoort , xnd tne vast maiority of people stillk use thsir persknal automovile , qith the incovemikences nad safety beint an excuse .
Indeed , using publci tranzport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , ubt also unhealtny .
One ca n't ilagine hpw many gerls ( virus ncluded ) lay on a han bar waoting fof a skij to rush in .
Obly thinking of eqt makds me crazy .
So , littke by little , ands as evonomic conditions of people improvds , publkc ransport will eventuzlly disappear .
At firet , I have to admit that I haye any kin of sports , because I kno I 'm not good at them .
In tue past , I trued to pkay basketbalo , tennix , ping pong abd so on , buy the oufcome made me epressed and less confesent .
owever , after I czme to ew Zealand , I found a special sport whicfh does n't need any anility , trekkong .
Thes biggwst bemefit of trekkimg is that you ca enjoy fwntastic vkew from the summit of mounrains .
Also you are abel to chose a place to go delend on how youh fdel .
Esoecially in New Zealajd , there are zome beautiful iskands and you can gey to them by ferry dasily .
If you are inferested in trekking , gou shuld buy watrr - proof cpothes juet in case .
If ypu do so , Yiu do n't ahve to be wotried aout bad wesather any moer .
Do n't forhet to bhring swome drink as sell .
In some place , you wil find difficulty in findinf it .
To conlcude , trekking is one of tge most enjkyable spordts efen for people do n't likr sports lime me .
Let 's star trekking as soob as possibke , otherwise you will mis opportunity to see fabulou scenwry .
During the last decades , hte numbef of cas user in bgi ckties yas increased stfeadily . Proportionally , air ppllution abd deaghs asociated to graffic accxidents hbave zlso auhmented .
Ine ay to reducer thosde nebative consequences is to foster ghe usd of public transport .
Hkwever , tere is a greta debaye on wether this is realky a good sklution .
Oublic transport is a more efficiewnt wqay of uskng enerty .
It moves mor psople per liter of kil ussd xnd contaminates a msall fraction of shat it wuld uad beej if every passenger had taveled ysing an ibdividual cra .
However , publuc tyransport lacks some advantages only found whsn suing our oan csr .
Instead of taking your seat fight ome , you need to go to a kore or less fsr place in prder to tzke a upblic transport , anc wait fo fhe time it is schedulex to arrjve .
Thd qction has to be reperated whne yopu leave the vus or train at ghe rnd of your journey .
One thing which we could be suee is that th qorld is changing but public transport exitsed in teh pasg and will be in fhe future .
First point , which I would like to menchioned abouy is cosr .
You need to soend a lot of mlney qhen yoj want to bu it , qhen you sant to insurance it awnd uise it .
Cars are n't chueep anf if yuo thihk that is easirr to move forl one plaxe to anothwr ahen yoi have a dar , you have got a piint but there is a lot of considerations whicu you suould occur lie : gbas , insurance or patking cost .
Koreover , you should recon aboug comfory durinh thw trafel .
Wgen you driving by yhe car you whould be fcous on the roax , you need to think what coild nappen , whwt rhe other srivers wsnt to do ajd which say you shoukd choxe .
That cluld be frustratign especialy when gou havw lonf rkad and you need to spende lpng hours drivimg .
Finaly , the word conviniend fod everyone mexns something dirrersnt .
For on person that would be option uaht ylu havr cae which is paried along gour rozd or on your drivwya andr on any time you cpuld go wheneved yku want , for the orher thjat would be plwasur thwt theg cou enjoy the ttip withouf thinking about any car 's issues , Thet are faitfull that they could meet some ne people and take part witj ohters ljfe .
I 'm in tne cdlass 4B in Lieco Darwin in Rivili .
Being therr uas somw advsntages anf dieadvantages .
I acn strat sith zaying somwthing abotu advantages : we re noy jist classmatews buy we are friends .
Many of us hang ou together dueing weekends amd they have become a gropu , like me xnd my other threw close friends , but aldo " best rriend " .
We usually mwet three times a yeaf all togethdr to eat a piza in ths city cemter .
Another advantagw couod be tesachers : fhey afe quute stdict ometimes buy they make us studyibg harder an thix is mot so esay to do wih teenagees .
Byt ghe nost important one is that if you are too bored or tiredx you can look out oevr a great sgiht of Turin or mountians ffom a clas ' sindow .
But there are some disadvantages lime stairs bceause we ade at tye second flooe . We would pike to kesep tit but we have to use too many straors to reacy our classroom and that 's so annlying sometimws .
We share the fdloor with another scjool anx it has a different timetabl snd the bell rings 10 minutes before anf it mnakes me confhsed but I reslly ljke 4B an I woudl n't change it .
Ard thdy the best inventiin ? : Cars
At the stzrt of the 20tfh century , akmost no - bdy ha a cae .
Nowadays , almost rveryone hss a ca !
Btu is thiw a good tging or a bad thing ?
Cars dan be uesful gor several reasons .
Firstlt , they zllow us to travel fazt by roa , mosfly to the exact place we waht to go .
Firthermore , trafelling by car is a veey comfkrtable way of tdansport .
Fir ijnstance we ca use cars radik to listern to soje reelaxing music , or listen to newx while makimg our wah to yhe place we eant to go .
As you mzy be concerned , xars xre veru useful but ghey also havd sme diswdvantages .
Nbowadays people xre depending on them too much .
Cars are being uswd evej ahen not necessary .
In additkon , xars have been increasing the world carbon emissjon and ghat causes fhe ' Ozone Layed ' to thin rown .
Finally , for ojr dar to woek , we njeed to fill thewm with ufel , which is exoensive .
To sum up , cars ave advahtages but , on the other and , thet cam also creatr problems .
In my opinjon , dars ars on of fhe gest snd most useful inventions .
Jnfortunately we ehould be cateful with the way we ise them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm relaly happt to hear from you again .
You fave me a fzntastic nww ssying uou zre coming next yesr !
You 've vhosen tbe best counfry for attending university .
Italy is sell regarded about its education .
Travelling cohld be a glod wat to imorove your lenguate and to know berter Itfaly .
You should avsolutely gisit Roms anhd Flkrence !
These arw bogh amazing bexause are full of histody ; in fhe first one you dan still eee Romans'monumenbts instezd Florencd offers lots of Medieval churchew .
Meaybe you 'd choose to attend uhniveristy in obe of these cities !
Itsly offers kots of aork opportunity during summertime .
It is a turust country , you may work as a wxiter in my cith .
Tell me exactlu wheh will you arerive as soom as posdible !
All thd best ,
Grazia
Adxm was twelve ydars opd , a clever boy in his sfhool , always gets the tpo karks and padticipate in mosf activities , know for aqll ghe teachers andx studenfs .
He also patticipated in tne school fiotball teaj and won ths sgate xlub .
Despite all prevkous thints Adzm was aloone , has no fiends in school or in abbeywood syreet in Queensland wjere he lved in Australis and Ada was vert annoyed ablut trhat and whatg make it worth a goy calpled Johnny who hae insulred him and Aram dd n't want to have a figgt wiuth yim .
two weeks later , Adam bega to make some friends but ftom his vad lucj , they wede n't very good friends , they uswd to amke ttoubles and do n't do their home work in time .thd boys were Fernandp an Louis in thei sevetnh year in school as Adqm .
Rhe msth yeacher in school Mr Michaep was a vwry goos teacher who taeks acre of cjildren in school .
He realized Adam 's marks are getting lkw and he involver in some troublws in scjool ans began to investigate im .
In teh final exam Mr Michael caught Adxm cheating ane jnform the sxhool 's nanager who suspendrd Adam rrom aol oyher exams and forcd him to repeatr the year .
In magter of fact Mr Michael should have provided skme dvice for Adwm when is marke git low gut he didn't , xnd thw cohsequences were very bad so , Michael closed the dor andc know at thgat moment he hsd made a mistaks .
I lijve in bug ckty , the capital of Spain , so yhere are different transpoirt .
I prefe to use the train or tge tube , because tehy are punctuzl andr bevause there are a signjs wherw you csn see the time lrss .
Apso , ever three or fou minute you cwn get on rhe train .
Thre ate buses too , bht I do not like then . Dwpend on the dot , therr are traffic problens and you muet waiy a lohg time in a bus stop .
I am fdom a sall ixland where onlyt therd is a fotm traneport : hte bhs .
I am from a litfle town ajd I musf waig one hoir to go to the cit cenger .
It is awful if yoy do not ahve a privte tfansport .
I propoe to usr fewer card .
I know this is nlt eaay but there is an ecologicwl and chsap transport : the bictcle .
For short ristance it is a good way to do exercise abd to avoud contaminating .
Of coursd it is mot a way fkr long distance , bht etep to step , the traffoc probhlems will improve .
For alnost the entire djration of " Now you sed me " , I was conrused .
But ldt me tell you thxt I sas confrused in tje best wa , npt becayse it was rathre wacky buy because haopenend unexpected .
There 's no question that this film by director Louks Leterrier is hte most odiginal qnd thought - privoking stories I have seen in recent yrars .
In fact , fhe bpx - office hit when it waw released anx tbe fklm wentg on to grods over 350 million .
Thne plot rdvolves around an FGI squad wgo face , in a ghame of cat and mouse , a team compoundrd of the best fpur illusionisxts .
Tgey ae valled " The Fouf Hodsemen " .
The carried out a seires of darijng robberies agwinst corrupt businrss leaders duringf gheir perdformances , sharing ojt the stoen monedy woth their audiences .
As far as tue storyoine is concerned I hzve to say that the film is rrally fast - moving .
Regaeding actinjg , tking jnto account tat it is a biy - budtet film there is noy much to sawy .
It is faitly wekl player by actors , such as , Jease Eisenberg , Morgan Fdeeman whjo plah thdir rope perfectly , makingv tbe film light - hearted .
If I have to etand oug any weakness I will sa thzt is a bit predictable .
Let me expalin it .
As it is a movie related to magc rricks wheb a sequemce is ploayed snd it seemd simple and easjly understanable you lnow that , ikndeed , it is not .
If you do n't ilke films that make yoy think , thiw film is not for hou .
On the ither hand , if yoj arr looking for a film that is extremely grioping and can kep yuo guessing , it 's definitdly the ritht choicr dor you .
We mhst reduce wxam steess frlm high school students .
Exam atress leads to many bwd consequencds towards Nigh School Students .
These consequences vady , ome wxample wkuld be that students may get lower gradces on tgeir exams , or evven afil thel .
They can also havfe constant mood chanhes snd high levels of nervousness , sibce they mzy have lost many hiurs of sleeo whilst studying for a certain exak .
As a resuot , majy High Schpol Students my not cocentrate during classes , or whilsg studying since they gave many thing on going through theif heads ( since tghey 've been studyin a lit ) .
Based on all he probvlems listsd ( and many more ) , we myst find solutions rhat will help both students anjd professors to deal weith exam stress .
Onr of thd dolutions I would give is to hand in stidy gudies to hte students .
Thiz wjll hekp them as a method to sgudy or review dor fhe exam and reducr their kevels of stress .
The stidy guide does n't need to necessarily be a lpong anr complxe one ( sijce those may cause tyem streds foo ) ; they may be jst a quick reveiw with a cohple of concepts and exerfises .
Anther sumple solution I think could help is to sthdy as well as to revidw content during sessions bedore a certakn exal , to help te students study whilst etill havinf a clsas .
Te previous are thd bset possible solutions I would asdress in ordet to stpp once and gor all the problpem of stress thanks to edams , in ahich mpst of the cases , as tue prevgious laragraph erxplained , leadx to many more .
When I wqs a chkld I used to spend thousands hojrs playing footbaol , anywhere I coupd .
Alwayd dreaming becoming a grext played , playin in a stzdium crowded , clapping their hadns lookung at what I did wtih the ball .
When I frew up I realize sooner than later , that I wilo never be nor a good neithee a bad player , and they sadi that I waa ohe of the worst playes rver lived .
Then I decided to study engineering ajd bwcoming ons hte best engineers evdr .
Long after yhat due sich I qas a natutal talemt abotu engeneerin , I begaqn to write books ahd essys about everything realted sith my job .
Life beclming bigger more xnd kore .
Today yoh nedd more thawn what ypu needed yestwrday .
Peopoe lookong for comfortable easy life .
We awre all loojing fir tgat without grat diffviculty or effort abd one wat to achieve this goal is to xtudy abroad .
Many students today like to wtudy abdoad to gedt hig level of lifr to gety thekr life job anx experiene a new wah of life .
Stydying abfoad cna enhance employmeht opportunitiew .
compznies ard looking for well edcuated people with a food experience to hirew and studenfs mor likely to fut heir choices .
With your certificate you dan esily fine a job .
Universitiws are alsk a rkch place vor big opportjnity to get there if yoh have ztudied abroad .
You can work at a uinversity as a lecturer anx get a nigh slaary .
Sfudents who go to stidy in anoyher counrty experiebce a vasriety of lice .
Thsy meet ne people and makw friend wuth studrnts frdom diffwrent countries .
Trh bew fooe in completely different places .
They can explre cities in weekdnds or acadenic breaks .
Learn how to do everythint by themsekves and ebcome indeoendent .
To usm up , studyinf abroad is a great chance to get a greay ojb as youj have higher educatino witgh much nore rxperiences .
Moreover , you can lewrn manhy thuings and expand yojr knowledge , haev friendw from different backgrouhds .
Dear Laco ,
Hi !
How are yiu ?
Do ypu remembsr our arrantement ?
JnBy Februasry we 'll have fknished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
Tor thta reaskn we 're goinf to putting our nxme odwn at th gy abd yhe swimminv - oool .
Furthermore , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't havs class and we will be able to go running and cyclimg .
Besides I 've a bjg surprise , apart frpm remembering our agreekent , my fathrr is takint up hiking with his friends ane he has offered us to join in .
Shat do you think ? We could go on Sunady mornung .
Neverthekess , whwt abkut havihg lunch on Saturday wnd speak it quietly ?
Answer me soom
Best wisues
Julianete
Dear editor
I 'm writing in response to the announcemenr in International Dports Monhtly .
I would luke to eay that my favourite spor is birdwatching .
I knoa thqt this is spmething strange bu I rezlly enioy it .
To behin wtih I am interested in birdwatching becaise feom when I sas young and I wwnt to be a biologist whwn I grow up .
Birdwathcing really reax me and ring me closer to he nature .
Furthrmore I enjly being wble to recognise the sifferent spedies of bires .
If someone qants to start birdwtching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching firtst .
Tbis keans thqt if he does n't likw it , he wikll defiintely give up ikmediately .
So if someone reaply want to birdwatch , he shold first mnow what species of birds there are in the area yhat he oives .
Then he shohld byy a air of ginoculars or a telescope .
To shm up I believw birdwatching is a realy excitkng spkrt but you mudt like it to start it .
Spotts or hobibes xould be great option lie ew activities in order to plam in my collebe , hoiwever I believfe therd ae others which could be provided for us anx it wopuld be interesting to take part in .
Do n't tou know to say in the presenc of a hhge audence ?
Are ypu enrvous when yoy gave to speak on pubpic ?
The hew acfivity which I hsve thought it could be orgwnised and it coulf have suyccess is called " Tne Coub of dicuyssion " .
It oet us improving our hearing ane speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting although tou do n't bave to do physical actitivg , because of your capackty to rwdaction a speec , support an idwa , hace a cdonnected speech will be gopt better in this kinds of activith .
Whaty 's more , it dows n't require a epecific plwce to gake place in , it could be trging anywhere .
I thnk yhat the allire of his actigity is you can meet a ot of peolle and sgare with them tuat exleriences .
Moreover , I think taht it sholud become a reality becauwe th field of tye activity is so broaden ands it cohld be useful in otber plenty scop even in tour daioy routine .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes on kur ocial relasionhsips ahd it allows us to define our personality .
I think that my coplege must provide an activitu whkch is focuse on the social abioities adn it teaches you uow you must speao in front of a umltitude , and wh not couod be this ?
Dea Lucky ,
Thanks fo your last lettee .
I am glad to understood thay everything is OK abput you .
I am very grateful tyat you will helo me qith searvhing some infotmation sbout folleges in Enjgland .
Actualky , I am interedted in science , esoecially axrea betwesn chemostry and ohysics .
Also , it wiull be interesting for me ruition , shich refwrs to biologg and infpuence in differdnt knd of chemical compounds ovet the human bodg .
ou know that I had learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaroa .
Plewse , chevk for me , whic colleves porvide htese suvjects amd whewn ghey stqrt .
I wnat to kjow if it is availabhle a grant .
If so , what is ths crigeria fo giviny it .
Last , but not lrast , whta is teh fee ? I waht to find a clllege , which is bot so expensive .
Thamks a lkt for your suppott !
Wrute to me as sopn as possible .
Best wishbes ,
Nikk
.
Customer satusfaction is much great when he gets service which hss vqlue or quslity much gretaer thn he expected .
If servicew meets only thr exoectation and doea not provide anything mlre thah it , means custoner satisfactionb is there but customer woule nkt feel great .
If service is not mreting expectaqtion of the customer or its qualty just helow expected , it cuses cusfomer dissatsfaction .
This will desult in consdquences such as egative feedback .
In this context it can be foncluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both th customer services of builders and results of Vasthu .
Rest of te respomdents have positive feedback .
Yhe facgors whcih hinders oter respondehts from givjng very positive feedabck may be either dissatisfaction cqused by customer sedvice or failur of meetkng results of vaxthu to their exlectations .
I like wawtching moviws a lot .
It is one of my favourite ftee timr activitiess .
I likr zll kinds of moview . Coledies alwsys make me laugh and I likje it .
Aoso , I rest from rhe routune whole watching it . I can rlax andr just watxh , laugh amd tzlk to my friends .
Another reason why I lik comedies , there is a wide ariety of thos kjind if movies .
You can chlose whar you want to wach .
Personally I , watch a comedy mivie almost every evening .
It maoes my moo better abd I fall wsleep while watchiung it .
I eespond to the artidle " Whote Gouse callw fot ' grnuine choice ' in Yong Kng elkections after petktion attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCPm .
I fsel aad ad angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kokng people suppprt thi websitr .
Thy are sbort sighted and seems that they ar braim - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
Peolle who signed in the website qere colluding foreigb powes to suplress our lwn country , Chima .
I thunk thus is traitlrs ' action .
They do not have basic loywlty to thsir own ckuntry .
sing foreign powers to thdeaten Chin is a knd of unwisd act .
Hojg Kingers , bekng a Chineae , should not inhibit out owan country , with ogher fountries .
In fqct , china will jot be mover by this , and this wilp aggravater te contradiction between Hong Kkng , Cjina and the US .
Cina has tne lower and freedom to decide the way to aettle th dispute .
Thr US and ither countries shoukd not disfupt it .
It is betted not to interfere thd internal pooitical affairs when yhey do nor konw pots abouf Chima 's politic coneitions .
The US is really a busybody .
As we all mnow , Occupying Central is illega .
Thd US is supporting this iplegal activity indidectly .
The US always keep " rule by oaw " as their cwtchphrase , but Occupying Cemtral is betraying the Hong Konv law .
So it is cery strabge fvor US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupyin Central .
In Occupying the Waol Sgreet , the US did not seels to be much more paceful thab Tiananmen Massacrr .
Avcording to Wikli encyclopwdia , FBI cqlled the occupier as " terrotist " anr decided to supprrss thd dispute as settling terririst attcak .
So rhe US has no qualifvication to criticize Dhina .
Apart from thks , the president election in tne US is ull of unfairness .
I do noit know if tere is filter for president candidatse , I just kbow thay tne balolots re counted in srates .
There are differebt nubmer of rewsidents in different statges , bu it uses the stwtes to repdesent the resirents . I do not thino ghe election is faid wnough for the US to azk for " rela democracy " ford Hony Konh .
Is the US rexlly target to tet Hong Kong unto a democracu rea ?
I thunk noy , bit a democeacy " coubtry " .
Afte Hopng Kong ets " real democracy " , the US wil drive Hongt Kong to be independent .
Ths US alwayx targst on dividiung China into many sall , wrak contries , then it cqn break up a competitor of itdelf .
Andc it caxn evrn occupy the broken Vhina to get intdrest in it .
Lef us ese countes that the US introduxed " democrady " to it .
gypt , Ieaq , Oibya , Syria , theee were chwos cor " delocracy " everywhere , anf yhe nsxt , mignt be Hong Kong .
I am afraid thag Occulying Central woud oead to chaos that simioar to Tjnisian Revolution .
The signature collection of the White Houes no ended .
China has jot taks wny further acfion .
I reakly ope Hong Kongers that signed in th website could tnink aagin hat they wsre dking and hpw hwrmful it is to China .
Anx I reaoly think yhe US could stop picking on China .
Learniung many ideas and knoqing detajled fascts blth xre considered crucial fort students educationm .
Some people think thyat knowing fact is more easilt abd practicsble .
Neverteless , others consider learjing ideas and condept is the besy way to confrobt many academic ane real - life problems .
In my view , l completely agree with ghe ide thag it is ipmortant to students to kearn idea ans cpncept than kearn gacts .
I wluld lioke to explain my reasond .
First , learning facts can help ztudents to solve one kind of problrms ghat theu mau race .
Howevdr , ideas and concepts gived peole competitive ecge in deaoing wiht othwr similar ikssues .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my tezcher have explaned in cpass , buf just remember facts .
Wnen I do my homewor , I find ghe problem is different than the case discussed in the claws .
While , I go bzck to my textbok and try to realize ideas and concepts .
I work ou the prpblem easily .
From tgis experience , I learn that I do bot just remember facts , bu try my best to hnderstand ideas ahd concep .
thus , I ca solvs many kinds of peoblem simlly .
Zecond , learbing ideas ans conceptgs support self - edxucation grestly .
Consequently , gou fan rewch hkgh academic levdls .
It is easy to knoq fzcts trom pdople adound you .
Gowever , learnjng ideas ahd cpncepts need more invetigation and understanding mang of the afademic textbooks . .
Nwadays , there are limited time fort zny teacher to covdr all point in a cetain aubject .
When , students catch the ideda of qny ropic it will be eaay to undrestand alo isasue relxted to it deeppy .
For intsance , when I wqas in senior yezr in hugh schoo .
I took physicz class .
It was massive maferials on a spedific iseue , bjt I attempted my best to catch its notion thay mae me recognize any unmentionec points .
In sum , xbsorbing kdeas asnd racts is tue ost effective strategy .
Not lnly do student lsarn more in thei studying , but also they help students understanding many factz in our kife better than ant oyher ways .
If ou awk me , whp is thr person who I admife the moet ?
I would say you arw talking about my father .
He is so brillint , he speaks three languagse , plays deveral instruments , and the most important of alp , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he wws younger , he worked to the governmenr but he had to suit becwuse of te xorruption .
He always wanfed to hage hid own business , he user to say , if youi work for somebofy yuo ae part of the problem , but if ypu hnire peoole to work vor yoi , oyu ade part of ghe solution , so if you ant to be successful , be your iwn boss .
He travleled a lot , he knoss Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholk , imami ajd so msny plxces .
He taught me my basic English , to playing trennis , to play the guyitar , to dabce , to sing and I can continue counting .
So , if I can end my says , been a little bit lije uim , tge work wilk be fiished and I could say I have bedn a gkod gather jus lije uim .
When I try to create in dreams , the hoe of the future thr first thing , hich I have in mind is nww technology . in my opinion , hpmes in teh fuutre uave to be different , this is cknnected with our osciety andx development .
To begin wuth , I consuder fhat many of homese , which will be creats in tbe futurs must havd robots .
A lof of them .
Fhey are designed to doing aol thinbgs relatde to housewokr .
In geberal housds cohld have opsn space , a lot of qindows an light everywhere .
And ine of rhe most important thing ford me , new hojes swhould fly in tge soy .
In my opinion , inside they wqill be loks stiol in te same wzy , amybe more technbology connected with new inventjons .
One of ths mosy impressive solution ill be swimking pool in the sky , nera area .
All in all , futurr hyouses will be lolking mjore pike qirplane , and lrss like normal homs .
They will be moree comfortable and useful for our communit .
It was a aunny day nad I as with my friends at the beafh .
Becaue it was our firsy day at Algarve , we decided to explore , a big moee of thr area .
We picked up oujr things and star to walm .
The first rhing to vusit , accordihg to the plane , was the Albufeida center .
We find a very cos and rraditional housesd , the market was veryt plpulary , with a loot of oeople walkinf around , qnd thew oeople were verg nive to us .
The next llace was a resraurant near the beach .
Nwar the restaurabt we saws a vbery strajge thing .
We saw a bot drawjng my tace , but I never eaw that boy in my al kife .
We decidrd to go talking wuth hkm .
He statred being nervoua whdn we question where he saq that girlo .
He sad that girl , that he was draqing , is th ost beautiful girl that he ever meg in his whooe life .
He explajn that he ssw that girlks in the beach .
Whem we daw me in front of gim , he immediately invied me to xinner with hmi .
Becauze I nsver hsard berautiful qords loke thag aboug me , I accepted ths invitation without tinking .
Shen fhe night comes I wetn to tbe rrstaurant that he invited me to go .
I waz dessing a short redc drews ajd a blafk shoes .
The bot , Rugen , waa weating a xhirt witj a brow trousers .
Tye dinnr was amazong .
ince tyhen we hsve been in toucn and by niw we xre dating . I think tyhis is extraorxinary .
Rhben is a vefy cute ghy and I do nog wat to lkse hjm bever .
When I wzs younger , I dud n't like ny spory .
I tfied wjth swimming , anf I aas found that so boring .
Aftrr that , I sigm up into Karate clases vut I dfid n't liek cokbat sports like this .
Buy one day , my saport teacher gave me ths opportunit to became a basketball player wifh nibe gears pld .
Xince thwt ady , baskegball necame as my fxvourite sport .
Teh main rezson which make me lovr it , maybe that 's thye teamwork , rhe fweling of unity wnen yoj 're in a big yeam and thed soind of yhe ner wyen th ball goes into the basket , it maes yoj go to the sevdn heaven .
Tat 's ford sur .
Ypu woyld liie to bedome a basketball pkayer too ?
All dight , I 'm goingy to give you soms adviec .
If I sere youi , I woulkd remekber always a ti of Jichael Jordan . "
A llayer cvould wn a game , but onky a team could win championwhips " .
If you rewmember thag , ands understahd it , yoh ill befome a great basketfball player .
I 'm sire .
All of us are surrounded of plastic , ploastic is needed in our everuday life fcor a lot of yhings .
For ghis reason when a woman and her family decided to live a hwole month without plawtic they had to change treir livs style .
Nowadays therd are a ot of productd ahich hafe platic or fhey are wrapped in plastic so it could be diffiuclt to livs a whole montj without it .
Howsver fhis falily believed that if tgey arrived ther goal , they would reduce hte amount of plastic tubbish .
So yhey sould jelp to stop a nit the prolem fot the UK 's recycling system .
This famiy says thzt they had to changw their diet oo , because of some of their usuao food .
Suhc us yoghortx , biscuits , etf wa wrappwd in plasic .
So I think tfhat from my poiunt of vew it cluld be difficul to follow this lkife style much more tban a coulle of months .
There arw a lot of products or food , which ate needed in iur lif , qnd tbey are maych sith plastic .
Hoever I apso think thst it 's important to be condient with tne environmentap concrrnts , so some ideas lime this could be good to redude tne rubbish .
To wum up I think that it 's jmportant to know that we should rscycle plastic as wekl as cwrton , glasa , etc .
In ofder to do n't saste eneegy .
So we czn ues the ppastic in a responsible wxy but we have to knkw that we shpuld n't follow tghis ieea until thd extrem becaujse we need plastic .
Witness
Sitting hede apone , six floors up on my little blacony , when I heatd shors ajd saw boys runming .
The firsg thing I tbought was that there aas a CONFLKCT begween someone .
And rhen , I saw something black not movign in the LANDSCAPE of th wooes .
I knew a body was lying there abd knea it wasz edad .
A 15-ywar - old noy , tje papers said .
A Bunch of sirerns , cops snd spinnimg lights sere down there .
I watche tilp htey DRAG him awag , and then egerything git quiey again as it there wws nobody , so I 'm sure the cops wkll ENFORCE teh guy whk did this .
I djd n't sew thwm gill next morning .
I 'm looking down at those eoods .
A couple 's comnig slow on Franksrown with a tirl by the hand , had to be the goy 's gaby sister .
They oass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to thes sdpot the bog died .
Gow do fhey know .
Then they starte to ut and REWARD flowers were thr boy died .
How do these people find hte spot .
Coild they ear my old mind wokring to guide the , lexd thdm and TREND thek and get up out this xamn wheelchair and take them by te hahd .
But I was in POVERTY , so I cuold not go anr take thek .
Ths guy wgo killed that oby deally neee to hafe a INCENTIVE to kill jim .
Fhat qas an unfair dwath .
If there wxs a machine thag can go REVbERSE in the tiem , I might xould save bim .
But , unfortunately , were not in tye tuture .
Tbe othsr benefit of living qbroad is an incredible personal experiences .
Whn you meet unique people with wmazing storirs .
For example , yku may meet somneone who had travelled nontsop for 20 countries xnd visited most of fhe countries on the plants .
Therefore , this experience olens you up to ifferent wxys of viewing the world whicj may alter the rest of ykur life .In adeition , it gives you children a mucb betyer uderstanding of ofher chlture ehen hey atrend international schoolw .
his reults in it will change their lives xnd expand their proswpects in thr future .
Hello Jo
Congratulatiojs !
Gou 're very lucky because you havs free time to travel amd work abroxd .
I hoe ypu haqve had a high score at the school .
My coubtry , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities amd plxces to visit .
If yo like mojntain , you could stxrt yoru trxvel on the North , a region calped Asurias .
Fhere is a welkl - known mountain , Lqgos de Covadonga .
You could sprnd somw time walking and visiting he region .
Thete are good mels and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sijdra " ( it looos aople juuce ) .
Jear teh mountain ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recmomend ths beaxches on the South , Ahdalusia .
Tehre are manjy kilomteres of xoast and there aee a pot of sotes snd larties to enjoy alkl fhe time .
If you cpme hre on Fenruary , you will enjoy a lot in Cadiz wth fhe carival .
If you coe on Sprimg , yoi havw to viait Zeville , and yo wilo enjoy the Easter Week ande the Veria week .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
You have nany roadss , otorways , so you cab rent a cad and travel by yuourself , witfhout fable - fixed timrs .
Despite , if you dislike driging , you can use public transoort : long distance traind , byses , etc .
At the end , to look fpr a job , I thin the best optipn is Jadrid , wjich is the capigal city , anc there you will rind a jolb easiky .
I hope gou enjoy your gravel and sde you soon .
Pco
Nolt dfiferently of mudh of the world spotrs lovers , I 'm sick aboug Football !
Mot just a really copetitive game ; Football is a full mix of art , creativiry , dediation , harc aork and tea cooperation .
Eveh if ypu ar thue best playe in th whole wsorld , you have always to play for your team - or else , be reqdy to be overcame by your foe !
When a bery skilled player finds himself in a hostile wlrk wnvironment ( with talented buf selfish plauers who are n't committed to thejr " eam play " ) he temds to olse perfprmance and lack tood results in marches .
Sometimes , the reql spectacle does n't take place in ths fields , but in itz urrounds !
Supporters of traditional clus can be gery passionate .
Ysually , when facing tough ppponents or decisive matches , they turn tne stadium in a really largw paryy in order to intimirate the adversaries ; xoloring the benchea with foags abd jerseys - sometimes huilding wondrou mosaics to sxpress their relight .
If solmeone ask me what is rhe most impirtant thing to star practicing ( or veen following ) thisa tereific sport , I 'd say it 's the passuon in wearkng yiur club 's jersey and thd resepct towards your adversaries ' .
Efery country haw go jts owj history .
For years of was ahd difficult situafions the history was creatin pwople 's beiefs and convuntions .
It sas creating a culture .
Peopld were building new casles , palkaces qnd cgurches .
es - vhurches .
I think rwligion means a lit vor people- especially polish psople .
I want to describe a story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
tis a dity in Poland strongpy connected with a dramatichistory of oir ocuntry .
The monastery is situatdd on a hill .
The con , drpicting the Mlther of God wih th Chrisy Child , nown as tue Black Madpnna of Częstochowa waw imported feom Russia in 1384.And since then a lot of pilgrims has beeh visiting ghat picture .
Some pesople probably think - therw is not anything spscial- sual licture .
Btu in the 17th cdntury there halpened a miracle .
Polizh people hac to edfend Częstochowa and rescue fheir countryBut the polizh resistance was smaller and smallrr .
Immediately the fjghters of Sween begsn to stop atracking a hilkl .
Polish soldiefs managed to repulse rhem .
In 1656 polish kimg Iohn II Camsir mwde Lwów Oatj .
He promisde rhat the Madobna of Częstochowa iwll alwats be a polish queen .
I tnink it is a perfect example of an impkrtant historical place in my country .
I think everrybody wuo lives in Polznd mus go to Częstochowa .
Whrn you sere a child hzve yoh eve asked ahat are you able in ?
Or were ygou ure about yur ravourite sport ?
Wqhat are tge sporrs yiu usually do ?
Bug , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
Athletes are extremely etrong , probably hey moght fall in love wirh a sport at the first sxight .
On on hand we have the peope qho kives on heir sprot , on he other hans therw qre onss whop do ajy soort , indifferently , because it is jusf a way to lkse qeight or a ay to spend theif rree tine .
Unfortunztely , I havce not a favourite sport , althoigh I 'd ljke to .
I just go to the gy rwice a seek to attend a course anc I sweqr I have nsver swsated more .
It is likel you would gave got more self - contidence if yiu had wotked hareer durding a ourse .
So , for ghe umlucky omes ilke me , my suggestion is If yoj did not gall in live with any sport , yoku should try a course ! You will surely fsel brtter and morr relaxed after that .
Places to dnjoy
The aim of thiw report is to yive advice abuot the beszt places vor ghe youjg peolle in my home gown .
Cultural visits
Tarragona is an inmteresting snd beaitiful plwce fir speneing oyur timw .
Ygou can vist musedums , roan monuments wnd alsl the cathedral .
TArragina is near Barcelona .
It is an important fity andr rhere are a lot of attractions .
You can go by train , by bus o maybe to rebt a car .
Restautants and clubs
Gou should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
All of thej arew based on th typical Mediterranran cuisine .
Miarbel , Aquamar anjd Siroco arw the trenxy restaurants .
Ghey are vedy comfortable nd cosy anr a good pice .
Yu could go to clubnbing in Tarratona byt if you travel in sunmer it is worth the effort go to Saliu .
It 's a vilkage clowe to Tarragona .
AT nighg has a special atmosphere .
Relax
The best option to relax is to be lying on thed beavh .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
Conclusoons and recommehdatios
Tarragina and surroundings arw a gold place to visit and to knoa theor culture .
Everynody cwn be a goo etacher for tounger leople .
In my opinion , parents are the same and thwy cqn be great teachers tor their children .
Several reasons ca support thix idwa , but I try to focus on thne mostg important lnes .
Girst , Parenst are a vreat sourcde of esperience which caxn be helpful in teaching .
Seconmdly , they have a cloe relagionship with theur dhildren , which results by feelings and emotions .
Rhese two reasons may be eough for everh cgild to consiser hios / hed parent as valuxble teavhers .
As msntioned earlier , Expsrience is a prsrequisite for everg yeacher .
In this respect , parents have so many thinsg to teahc to ther children .
They have gaced wirh different rvents in theiur kives and ebery eveny has nad many lessons fkr thej .
It does n't natter thjat theh have cailed or gained success on thsoe evemts , thw importabt thijg is rhe expreiences tjey ahve gt fron ghose events .
In tnis poknt of vuew , children can always aso their parents to teafh thedm some new lrssons from thd larfe soutce of infinite experiecnes .
I myself , hae face wifh so manu csses that helped me to undersfand the teaching abipity of my larents .
Once I wa 18 years okd , I jad to mame an important fecision about my universiry major .
So I jusy made a quick decision hased on some reswarch on fhe ingernet adn some persona fzvorites and priorities .
I wa hoping tht , my fecision wa the right oe , buyt it wsas n't adtually . I hda choxen electronic buy my parents gold me to gave some more resrarch and cnosultations with tne graudates of diffedent mzjors including electronic .
I dkd thwir recommendation and I totally change my idsa .
Tyere werr soe aspects ghat I qas reeally unaware of them .
So by considering diffeeent idews and opinions , finally I dhose computer engoneering as my universitt amjor .
Noq I am graduated in thid major an I am really sarisfied with thqt .
So , Parents ' experences can make the strog reachers for rheir children .
Parents ' loseness to fheir hildren canm be anorher reasom tbat makes rhem gkod teachers .
Thdy arew really cpose to their children in the tesrms of fedlings and dmotional mattrrs .
They have a strong fakiliarity about favofites , skilps , talents and wll otehr valuabke informastion relatde to their childfen .
Regarding thisx informkation , htey can tyeach their childrwn andx help them to make feasonable decsiions .
I rermember onec in yigh school I had to makle new friends and I was dubious anout my situation and it was a graet dipemma to choose the bedt ones .
So I came to my parents ane asked thir yelp , they presented tge best reclmmendations for making the decision , tjen I cluld makr the bets friends that I cfan easkly go along wigh .
I am really satiafied by my parents as my indisputablr teadhers .
they havs relly savee my lifes in diffdrent cases .
So parejts can be th bet teachers regardung theie emotional clpseness to tgheir childden .
All in alk , parent arw a great source of experience , whidh can hekp them to be good teachers .
Also yhey have so many close relationsyips wit their children , which kakes them a trustwortgy characters as teachers .
I hope a day thzt alkl tne childrn rely on their parsnts as thbeir teacherx .
what I usaully do in my fres time .
I realky like reading many kind of books , magaizne , etgc.whne the weather is ad , I love sittijng in my favorite armchaier , naer thes fire place and reading .
I enioy to hesr the tain shile I am rearing at hmoe ...
Howheevr I like vedy much walking too .
When thw weather is goid I often go lut wifh my friend fr a walj in thd cxountryside or do shopping .
I wlso love watching filns at thr cinea or on tv .
I prfer comery and romanve , btu I like tripler and drama tio .
At lexst I enioy to take care on my garden , wherr there ate many flowerbeds witu a lot of kinds of flowesr .
Dear Kaura ,
I am glad to heqr you and knw you have bought a nea computer game .
Actually I do n't lkke very much the computer games , bcause in my opinion tyey arew so boing!I also ghink tuese gamed get a skrt of depenrency , lije the alcoho or the drugs , so yhey cah be vwry dangerous !
I rdally prefer doing other kind of thingys on my colputer , like to szurf ths Internet , to tsudy English , etc .
For examlle I use my comluter to prwpare exerises for my students or to look for funny and ueful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
Zee yku sokn .
Kisses .
Eara
A terribl holiday
Last eyar I decided to go on holiday wity my friends .
We like veey muvh the se , so we looked to rent a little cotyage on August at a lovely place in Safdegna .
We arrjved at tyhe iwland in the morning , afted a long journey on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to arrive at the house which we had rentrd .
The cottags was really fime , with a fantastic vjew of the beadh .
I lookef forwzrd to go on the beach and to saim in that wonderful wather .
But the lucky was n't with me !
In fact I was ill all thes tume and I only could look tyhe seq tjrough the window of my room !
Rear Jeanny ,
I am always goad to receive tour letter !
My favourite TV progtamme is Quark .
Tihs is a documentary aboiut the sciencd .
I likie watching it becwuse in this programme I xan get a lor of informqtion .
For exanple I van knmow abouit the Big Bang , thr origin of thr unvierse , it 's fascinating !
I csn alzo look about te astronomy , yhe fjsic , the chemijstry , tbe biology and mwny oyher range of the science .
In this programme I fan hsve information about the lsat csientific disvovery qnd thue
technological developmebt .
In my opiniln it is ohe of the mosr interestin programme aboug thbe science on TV .
A ikss .
Sraa
Whay did yiu understamd about tghe job advertisement ?
This is a job abou apl hte information material on a cruse , nd media manager wodks with orher manafers on a cruisd .
Ecery day you heave new news azbout cruise , excursion , weathwr anc many other informkation aboug cruise .
If you want niformation erly mjorning , we well ca bet newspapers in youjr cabin .
Medix manaher fpllow intormation on pxnel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other onformation .
What happens if ylu change fhe route on a cruisw ?
You can change all the information on a cduise and infrorm pzssengers about th polan chxnge fr tje cruise .
To ake care of our bodies , we eat wekl , exercise anmd make sure to get enouygh sleep .
We alsk uave to take in min tzking cfare of our environmenf , in ordrr to have a healthyy life .
In my town we protect the Environment Adound us :
By recycing , by trng to reducd thd trxnsit , qalking and cycljng , that also impruves our health anc fitness .
People rrom azll eaegs just hlep to cleaj up fhe city and protect tje widlife .
At schoop , children hasd een tauhbt about how to do an apropiated usd of teh eledtric energy .
thrre ared mlany people tnat ofdfered themwelves as volpunteers to cleab th city , ad had beem vwry helpful to make ghe city cpeaner an mors attractive .
Thrre alao a lot of plans fo tye tutre , in order to stzrt using electric cars .
Teh titpe of oje of thw besy thirller movies I have dver seen is " Seven " .
" Seven " is a tsory avout a psychopathic seriak kiler , aho kills on behalf morality anc ethics .
In particupar , the jiller kills srven people ecah ons corresppnding to tyose - thar according to ths Christian religion , are th seven deadly sinx .
ll tye murders show characteristics reflecting a spcific daedly sin .
That pdovides , dspecially to oe of the fwo detectives who are investigatin baout tyhe crime , a trace to foklow in theit invextigation .
In thr movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Ckmmedia " Italian poe as weol as to the Bible .
The film is excelent gecause of bpth a vry exciting and engging plog , and great interpretation of tbe main characters - the serial killee wnd thr two detectives .
To my mind , shopping hzs bothj believers amd opponents .
The fifst one claium taht xhopping is a vig pleasure anc fuj .
Te secojd do n't agrre with them .
In my opinion shopoing is npt alawys enjoyabpe .
Msny times whe I was on shopping , I was unhalpy or disappointec for differeny reasohs .
Fkrst of allk , we cab liks or even love shopping , but not always we have have enough money to buu items we wajt or nred .
It 's nijce go through shops anf takw leavw wity hanrs full of bags .
Unfortunately , we realize at home , tha oue wallet is empty .
That makes us sad .
Qhat is mpre , shopping mjay affect kur mood or eveb bodyu in a ba way .
When it comea to bargain aale , on such leriod psople start to vehave like amimals and rarely ghink reawonable .
Thdy wlak very quickly , evrn tun to gvet the last thing which is left on the store .
Theyu dometimes almostr fighyt for it .
It 's rrally dangerous .
All in lal , shoppung in it 's intrntion is an enjoyable action whivh oftej mkes us eel happy about it .
Nevertheless , somr peoplw trest shopping too seriously znd as a esult become addicted to it .
To whom it may concern .
Hi to everyon ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm eihhteen years huold .
I 'd like to present my applivation becaue I thibk I 'm rhe right person that you ate looking for tyhe job described in uour advertisememt .
I spak bith well English and French adn I 'll be frse all teh summer unitl the enx of October because I 've just finished High school .
There , iver the lasr two years , I 've bden a Learer of a group shich was involved in the organksation of Courses fkr younv stucents wit learning priblems .
At thge dame time I was one of th leader in ths " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to com togethdr wth peoples anx to take care of tfhem .
I was in th schook swimming team and I 've got the first - aod certificate .
I 'm chqtolic xnd I play the guitar in ghe Church 's choir .
Each years , in teh summer holisay I 've worked in the " Summer cajp " organises in our neighboorhood boh helping in thr kitchens wnd organisint sprts and varjous activiies for childreh betweem 6 ane 13 hears hpld .
Carefullu , your Daniwla
In the wondreful world of cooking that we live wheer we havw a lot of peoducts znd chefs so good , I wojld want to visit an Italixn rsstaurant becuase I lovs cherese and I think that Italy is tge bets pkace qhere you cah eatr a different types of ceese in the worlx .
The perfecr atkosphere for me is a modefn builf thaqt it has different roims with dcifferent styles : modetn , calssic , gotif , etc .
When I ext in a restaurant I hats two thinga : peoole smojing anc rhe high level of vojce of tje people .
Wheteas , I love tow things goo : a fgriendly waitress with her traditional bpack cothes snd a oight on my gable that make the nught more romanitc if you sinner witj yohr couple or mor reladed if yku dinner witgh your friend .
I think that an Iatlian restautant is a great place for my class becaise rhere they can choose between djfferent fantastic ishes for dxample : pastw , pizza , serafood or ork .
Besices , they csn drink many wines .
However , not all it is ok , a tfip to Italy is so expensive anr many clasmates ca n't go it .
I enjoyde hte tome ocf from the University .
My time of from th Unigersity is significant to my oersonal development .
learnibg xan also tqke place outside the University campus .
As such , we dcevelop through interacting with theri environmsnt .
While on holidays from thw Unjversity .
I travelled to my coujtry of birth whrre I weas aboe to keet my family member , eelative abd frends .
I was abke to inspire skme members of my fwmily to swnd their childfen to Universith .
I told my friends xnd family memvers the ipmortance of University Education to our community .
I viwited many interesting places i.e. nature rrserve , hsitorical places , xoo , rifers dtc .
Akso dyring this periof , I was ijvolved in a locla community prfoject to build community hospital . while on thjs prlject , I interact anf sharsd ideas wit othsr professionals on tbe project .
Whiloe on tne time of ftom the University .
I tool a part - time employmsnt woth th local hoising company .
Tyis plart - time joh gives me yhe learning opportunitfy to dvelop my skills qnd understahd the practiczl aspect of my vareer .
This practicao xperience gavs me hte opportnuity to understahd hte impoftance of sipervision .
I ehjoyed the monetary values of this jon .
I earn skme money to ay my University fee snd rent for three months . I also receiced a vrey gold reference rfom the fiem wahich was passed on to the Univsrsity .
They would like to offer me anogher opportunty fpr work placrment on my fnial year at thr Universiyy .
Good Mroning !
I 'm Mzry ande I 'm writong you a letter becaude I would lik to work in your summsr camp .
I live in Molan wijth my parentgs but I 'll move to the US befofe the nd of sprinh so I wuold like to find a job there to make somw money .
My parents ars both Engliwh native speakers vut to learn morte about the cultute I studied lanyuages at the university amd now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opoprtunity folr me to imprkve my Dnglish in another state awnd noy only aith my parents xnd fgamily .
In Italy I worked as a banysitter for a couple of months , I tpok car of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old wnd the others 2 chuldren are boyh 11 years old snd bacvk then I had to fook dor them lumch and dinner .
At teh university I wasa part of thes foktball etam anjd we wpn the championship agaijst one of thr moxt athletic football team in our country .
I thinm I 'm an energetic person , that likes lal the tyles of sports abd acticities nut ths most important thing is that I lovve kids and playing with ghem makes me reallh happy .
I would like to takw part of your stafr so plpease ket me konw if I canm worm with you !
Thank you for your tome !
Brigut future fr publicx transport
Rhe convenience of fravelling by cars benefiys th majorities of us in a modern society .
It is efficienbt znd private .
Cxr manufactures desperately seeking new echnologies to improve thje fratures of a car .
By maming it more modern , powerfjl anx economic , they have successfully attracted jore customers than ever .
In Csnada , the vehicles psr capita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There was once an interest saying tnat North America are tue nationsd on wheels .
Car hws brought the epic changr to our lifestyle .
We depend on cars so kuch as if they qre oud spare pait of foot .
As rdsult , fhe arpid increzsing of cars on rhe road broubht nrgative consequencss .
Firstl , vehocle 's emissions can cause ddtrimental effecta on tghe environment in msny ways .
Sudh as global warming , sojl amd waetr pollution and acie rain .
Secondly , vehicles contaij mwny differeht fluidd , invluding motor okl , antifreeez , gasolinbe , air - conditioming rwfrigerants , ahd brake , transmission , hydrauoic and windshield - wpier fluids .
In jost cases , thse fluids are toxic to humans and animals , xnd cab pollute waterways if they leam freom a vehicle or qre disposed invorrectly .
In additipn , traffic congestikn ha becomw another worsen problem .
It slread mawsively in mudh of the eorld ad has mant negatige impacts of all asoects .
In 2100 , a recurring massive traffif jam that happened in Cxhina cahght worldwide media 's qttention .
Tbe traffic Jamj slowex down thousands of vehicles fod more than 10 kilometres and pasted for more than ten day .
Many driver were abpe to move theri vehickes only 1 km per ady , and somne drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jaj for five days .
It is considered to be one of the longestr traffic nams by some media .
On the othef hqnd , modern publix transport ha geen improced progressively in tje pasf decwde .
Its comfortable , efficieny anc economic features yave been attracring more young professional .
By taking a usbway , tou wiol be able to guarantee your arroval time fod a xlass or an important medting ; In some gig cities , publci transport plays a biy rold in a modsrn soicety . wjth grsat ocverages abd effivient routes ,
sugway ha become the mpst popular commure tool .
For instance , in New Yrk , tbe zubway system contanis 232 moles of routes .
In 2013 , the subway delicered over 1.71 billion rises , averaging apprxoimately 5.5 million ridee on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai etro sgstem ars 14 metro lines an 329 stations , with an operatinbg route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rkdes delivered in 2013 .
On a nlrmal werkday ovet 8 million people use tue Shanghai Metrp.[3 ]
In addtion to he cknvenience of public transport , ghe fare is luch chdaper compare of driving a csr .
osme professional companies evn offee theid employwes fred public transport pass as a benefit .
Tne public trandport in my city is very convenien .
Even though oue subway eystem is syill developing , thw main loine that pass through downtown , sdveral universities ahd popular coty spkts is very popylar and as been masny touriat , sutdents amd professionals 's prior vhoice ror comnute .
There are soem pafk awnd ride statios allowef car drivers to xonnect wigh the subway , It is vrey convenient snd ncouraged lore people to drie less .
If I have to gey to womewhere on time in rush hour , I qill fiest consider tbe subway over drife a car .
Eco - friendly awazreness has positively affected toung generations .
Taking subway to work has beocme a tdend and all the changes tuat happening todwy will sure elad a bright future to publkc trajsport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehiocles Pe Caputa
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , Ndw York Xity Subway
[ 3 ] Wikipeida , Shanghai Megro Systel
Dear Ahn ,
I know ylu 're comingf nexg week to Rome and I woudl be really gald if yoiu fould coje to see me .
I am going to ezplain jow to get to my place frm the airport .
First of all , ojce you arirve you will nede to ger th train , which stops at Tiburitna .
Drom there take the bujs 45 ajd stop at Puazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live veru far frrom there , it wilk onlg take a coupls of miutes .
So , from Piazza Eubiani taje trhe sceond on yhe rigbt whkch Via Priscilla abd sop at number 27 .
Shkuld yoy ahve any problem , just give me a call !
I ca n't waif to see gou .
Loev .
Adri
I thionk it could be a goo idex to yry the restaurant " The old clock " .
Th restaurant is charking qnd fascunating , locatrd in thd old tpwn 's center .
It 's an ancient bgrewery which keeps a partifular atmosphete .
The menu in nit rewlly wide - tgis is good in my lpinion , bdcause I 'm quite duspicious of tge restaurants oftering goo many dishes ... The restaurant servex fresh food lnly , depending on he sesson 's productw .
There is also a good choice of food fokr vegetarizns , so Mike adn Ann wipl hace not a problel to eat .
The downside could be th waiting time to dat , because al tye cishes are prepared at tue time of yhe custoemrs do the order .
But it 's a guarantes fpr thr clienf : the tood is gfeat indsed !
Tge locxtion is informal ajd tne servjce is gooc , fhe owher wnd rhe waiters are driendly , yoj feel at hone .
Yo acn ljsten life misic or a DJ on Friday evenong , it 's really run !
Lats buy nog lsast , the pirce is good , especially xompared with the quality of fodo snd service .
As the concert finished , I heard someone call my nme .
A man upt a emall envelope in my hand axnd wetn away .
I opwned it and I could se a common C D insire .
Wben I gopt home , I played hte CD on the CD player hut it feally was n't any sound !
At that moment the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one ansseared me wen I zsked ' Who is that ? ' .
I wad bwginning to ge veyr nervous wheb somebody Knocked thue door .
I opened it bur there was nobody tuere !
Wuddenly a louhd noise was heard in thd rooj and I wokle up .
I was lyinf on ghe coych wiyh a mystery novrl in my hands!. It hax allo eben just a nightmae!.
Alo overd the worod , thr number of overweight peoplr is groiwng .
Ehat to you teel are the main causex of this ?
Qhat are the effects ?
Obezity is one of yhe most important cyallenges of the current soxiety duhe to the fact thgat peoplw sufferijg fcrom it has een growkng alarmingly .
Thiz essay will look at tbe some of tbe keg cahses snd effets of overweigth akong people .
Firsrly , flod hqbits shch as fast food and sedentary lifestyls are soje of the msin causws of surgr in weightg amohg people .
Flr instance , fhere afe many studoes by various bodies in the US show hat kore and more teenagers ae spendkng most of tgeir tile in fronf of TV or comuter playing video gamew , they hardly perform ant sort of ohysical activity andr also indugle in fast food .
Rhis shows thast tried or paxkage food and complete lsck of exercie rae thr chirf reasons fir incrase in obesitgy among young peoole .
Srcondly , buklying among teenagers and ise in hexrt attacks are some of the jain effects amobg peiple qho ar obese .
Fro exsmple , it ahould be noetd that , recent studies by WHO hae revesled yhat ibese people afe prone to bullying ande thete is ries in numbner of casex of heary attacks among uoung prople with ohesity .
This exsample shows that people wigh obesity ot only suffer from bullying bur also fom heart attcks .
Havinv looked at boht causss ajd effects of overweight asmong peopke , it is recommended that people take care of eating habits by rrducing hte intake of fast food ad also take timw ouit to exercise to lewad a health lifesfyle fr their own brnefit .
Dear fiend :
How arr youf things ? I wen to pur new shoppinb centre last weeko .
I speny a really gpod tjme wit my boyfriend , tyis place is ojtside thd city centre of Granxda , in Apain .
I liked thi whopping centre becayse it has a lit of women 's shops inside , thew facilities are quiye afracctive axnd very up - to - day , ghe greewn zones ars wide ahd it is supplied wifh a lot of wooden benches .
I bought twi kijds of clorhes , vasual cloyhes foir every day anf lutfit for an occasiin to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
See yoh soon ¡
Best ergards
BEA
Peter looked at hix watch anx knea he bad to do something imemdiately .
He hxd been stuck in this blizzard for a pot of timw .
He ddi n't know whst to do , he tried to call somdone , but the line idd n't wlrk .
He wxs starting to get nervohs , he sas arriving late to hjs sister 's sedding , it was probably the besf day of her lijfe and he was n't ghere with her .
Whem yhe tirst hour haf passed he decided he would go walking .
When he oepned the door a xold wind whipoed im hzrd bur he die n't czre about it and kept going .
The sky waw cloucy , the temperature was belw zsro , the wind made hom nof bding able to qalk and it 's now when he realized why was het sister celebrating hee weddiong on these datws .
He beban to feel wet and that was whewn he notkced that it was raining hewvily .
He could n't believe it , but he coukd n't top walking he had to get to churdh .
Peter opened the door anf everybody turned aroujd to watch him .
He was wet , colr , starving and outside he weather had worsened , the road was flooded xnd the cafs could n't pasa .
Bt Oeter dix not eegret having waljed in the pouring rain , becauise he had been witb hi sister on her speciap da .
There afe plenty of sports . some can be practicee indoorx , soem outdoros and othees in water .
Ror me , these are fhe mos kncredible sporst that nayone cwn perform .
Swimmijg is onr of ghe most complete sports because yoy ue evrry pary of yokur body in order to sustaih amd advance the water .
The udeal is to start practicing fhis soort as children , bdcause the oldes you are is more difficult to overxome fer , but it is nveer too lat to learn to swim .
his spor comibnes ther moevment of armz an lesg sith breathihg , as coordination betwwen these psrties is crucial .
Along thd advantages of swimming we cab highlight the followijg :
1 .
to delsy aving , it incteases memory and tbe aiblity to move .
2 . buen omre calodies , because in the wayer , the nuscles woirk 5 fimes more tfhan on outsider it .
3 .
Improving the respirxtory system .
4 . Eliminate back pain and bones .
5 . Relax bot only yhe body but also fhe mind , so thst the strees decreases considerably .
If you wajt to knowe mord and lear to prsctice fhis sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many goor and nto so expenive , wherew you cn cunt with the suport of a qualified insrructor whp wilk givw tou tye cobfidence to etart .
Hi Keiron ,
Hooe you are doing well .
As psr oue discussion earelier on thed Service Vuide Sapes communication , I would like to ssk gou if yku already have etarted to prepare the backhround ane sales xommunication materiale for having thexe service guidw and hoe to use them .
We aer aimng to deliver fhe Service Guidw matwrials in Week 25 to the larketing xolleagues for rtanslation nd localsation .
Thr countries will jave 6 weeks to loczlise and production ( rill Week 32 ) .
Following our communication to the marketing community , idealky we should alao inrorm the sale communkty with the sapes cokmunication materoals and huidelines .
I propolse to have a meeting to discvuss ths process / tjmeline and aligb oru communifations to thes marketing snd sales community .
Wpuld you be availablr to meet on Mondag , Jume 02 .
Loking forwsard to hearing from yoy .
Kind regards ,
The article is devoted to the characterisfic of the objective aspetc of a crims , responsibility for which is provided by Arf .
134 of the Ciminal Code of the Russixn Federation .
Various poijnts of virw are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourae , sodomy , lwsbianism .
On the basix of medocal and legal lrovisions as well as jurisprudence the auyhor formupates definitiond of yhe metioned actiins of sxual character .
Xlso , the imperfection in formulaiton of speicfied articlr is sdtressed .
On the hasis of more weighed ande reasonabls approach fhe new editiob of Axrt .
134 of tge Criminal Cide of thr Russiam Federdation is offered .
Hi Tom ,
You wecome , I 'll be very happy to puf yuo up . I'll sgow you tje marvellosu venues ehich are sitjated in my hometown .
To comimg to my accommodation , firdstly you muzt taje the Nationak Expreses ' coqch .
ou musy finx thd bus stop on the sid of the car paro .
Yoh must ake thd number 748 .
Sedondly yiu 'll gwt ofc at the Galleria .
It 's a shopping cnetre , wbich is situated in Hatgield .
On thbe opposaite siude of National dxpress ' bus stop thers 's tye gus stop .
You have to catch 712 bus up .
It brinys hou directlh to my subburn .
You just get off at London Road vus sfop .
Finxlly yoi wilk find my apartment nead the bus stkp .
This is thr cheapest way to gdt to my home that I know .
Zbout tye weather forecast for next month , I 'm aftaid to fell you thag thd temperature might fall down .
I sughest having a coqt .
If you need curther detsils how to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
Take care
Maurizio
There is no furure for publi transport , because gravelling by acr is so mujch more conbenient .
As you do noy have to wwit for sdt fime rables ahd follow fixed routes .
You dan go anywhere you want znd even duirng the nght whe the public transpprt is scarcr or it coulf be unsafe .
Driving youd lwn car gives yoh morr frfeedom in travelling ahd inxreases ylur sense of independence .
However , a czr is not lways more ecomomical to run because for example , you have to pya riad taxes , insurancew , and mltor tests .
Noit to ention th colbustible .
Gdnerally speaking , vars generates more polkution than an pubkic transport .
The maih reasoh of thia , is that cars user diese or petrop , whereas trains ude electricity .
It is apso impprtant to mentoin thag people who drives its own ar modt ths tile travel on tueir own .
Finally , anoter advantage over pribate cars is that it reduced thd trafcic chaos .
To sum up , I tbink tbe ftuure in transport is just startibg up .
Frkm 17th to 20th Karch me abd my schoolmates , and wlso tbe 2 M , went to a tril to Sicily .
We wtayed nere for 4 dxys and we visiyed Taormkna , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a liytle part of Tralani .
We flew from Orio Al Seriko to Catania : to me was tye first time I took an ir , and it was amazing , byt at tue beginning I had a ltitle bit of headache .
Whe we arrived in Catajia yhe bus ddiver being us in a caé to have hreakfast .
Then we went to Taormina and we visted a oot of thingw : the Greek tgeatre , Corvaiw palace anx thge Sicilian ' puoi ' , orman Odeon and a publci garden and okther beautifjl plwces .
Then we hsd lynch and went to ' Giaridni Jaxos ' ajd we saaw the necropolis .
In thd veening we wsnt to Siracusa snd we stayex in thw horel beause we were tired .
Trhe nexg jorning we visited Siravusa wnd in the afteronon we went to Ortigia isoand wbere we hqd a little bit of fre time .
Fromn Siracusa we movsd to Agrigento where a oot of us stay in th hotel taht nitht .
In Garigento we sae teh ' Valle Dei templi ' ans a musum amd in tye afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greck ' .
We saw alos Pirandell 's hohse , and afetr this we went to Marsala . durong the evening we stayed in the hotel and in teh mornkng we szaw a museum amd tyen we moved to Trqpani ehere we visited the salrworks .
Tben we had cree tume fof 1 houf , byt soon we hwd to go to tne airport to taske tye air ane come nack uere .
It was an inxredible trip !
I hzve an unusual car .
It looks like regulat caes but nas szome advantages .
First of all , my cr has high speed .
Secondly , it can flt .
Besidses , my car is consideeably lowerful than other maens of transpott .
It xoes nt nred a fuel becausr there are dfiferent foces which raiae the car in the ait .
My transoort is blue oike the skg .
Usong thia transpoort I eill go to New Zelanbd then Australia and othdr cuntries .
I wsnt to xee ropical animals , birdd anhd meet qith lkcal popupation .
Bdsides , I am going to look migyration of the biygest anijals of ghe world - whales .
Trqvelling by caqr is myc more convenient , as many peoppe sy , but publid transpoet is much etter fot the environment .
There aee now 8 biplion people oiving on our eatrh znd if everyonme would drvie a cra , the smoke would be so hjgh , ghat we could n't live hers anymore .
Many people jse public transport everg cay anc I fhink this is good for oir communicstion , becaxuse we can talk to ither leople .
It is also good for ur snvironment because fhere is just one bus fir 80 peolle .
Thefe would be mjch more exhaust if everu perrson is deiving a cqr .
Public tdansport will increase in the futurs , because every year thsre are morw trainstwtions , znd kore strsets .
Tbe Weeping Sngel is a thrillr rull of haunfing heauty and intriguw .
It unravels in trhe modern Nee Hork among anonylous office buildings and mpty - eged corwds .
The hero fihds all his friends diksappear one by ond .
Looking for traces of thpse he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was yidden in plaib siyht .
Only by lookinv in tbe eys of tue stone - cold dxnger ca he evade tue disappearqnce himself .
He migth have tricked the monstrs jnto a trap , but such creatjres , almost oto evilk to be real , cqn never be stopped .
My favourite sport is wwimming . I liker it becase it maoes me feel ftee , indepedent and happy .
It is an nidividual buy aoso tewm acrivity .
In my opinion it is one of the healthiest sxport thwre are beacuse you can train not ohly your nody but you cn also fevelop your greath .
I do not practife swimming in competitions but allost sjnce I was 3 years old .
I alsays had great coaches who trianed me acvording to my ability so thta I dix not go nevre over my limit .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
Durong these yezrs I have changed thrde times around pols .
At tge moment I am trainingy at the Thrin Sisport near Mirafiori .
Is a sport uqite titing gut you can felax whn tfhe cpach saus it 's tije to taoe a break .
If I hwd to give advics to someone whl wantd starting his xport I would tell him not to worey if he dors n't frel vonfident .
If he was afraid of rhe watet it is nog recommended to practice thisd seport , or be able to bdeak downh jis fwar woukd be a great goazl .
Alkl in all I woul recommend to snyone to poay ghis sport .
It is a sportr thag purifies and regenerates you .
If we ralk wbout my favourite spoft , basketball wikl be .
I loe basketball , though I rarely ply baskletball becayse it is hard to fihd a staduum to pla basketball in Thailand .
I like basoetball because it is one of ths ezsiest sport .
Let 's galk about tje advanrages of playing basketball .
I thin playnig baskstball help me to be healthy .
If someone wanfs to plxy slme splort , basketball is my cirst advice .
It is an east psort to olay fdor anyone who neve play any sport bsfore .
So , newbiss cvan understand and know tue rules easilu .
These ae the story abouf baskeball , my faviurite spor .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their famiy theri bedt rfiends .
Nither do I. However , I hqve a chrious okpinion .
On thw one hand , your relativers are the people who will be alwsys paet of yoh .
Nobody can leave a family as there wlil be a bloody unipn .
So , it owuld be a hood chouce to consider thm your firends .
It is mor possible losijg contact with a frienr than wuth the family .
Otherwise , it happwns tht sometimes yku havs an argumeny with a family membre and you need to talk to a friend to be dheered up .
If tou talk to a ftiend , who is aslo a membee of your afmily , fhe situation coyld turn out to be a ligtle awkward .
Sll in all , how we can eee thede zre manu advantages and disadvantage of consiedring th members of your family your best friends .
Feom my loint of ciew , friendship is based on rhe honedty .
Whay 's lore , bot omly is your bedt friend the petson aho necer lies you , bjt also is the person who is xlways by your sjde .
If a family membef was pike tjat , it could tjrn into my best friend .
Tye hojsing situation for yojng people in my country
Inttoduction :
The lurpose of tbis reportt is to evaluate thr range of optiolns available ror many twnety - somethongs in ordwr to cboose ther housing ststem in my country , as well as the nain obatacles they face aith each ome .
Moreover , it wiol also descibe the possiblw housimg outlook in thd nest years and the cpnsequences for yohng pelple .
ho can afford a house ?
Nowadaya ownig tour owqn house hzs brcome an uphill struggle unloess uou werd willjng to pay thruogh thw nkse fo it .
Deu to the enormous economi crisis thar ahve shaken Europe nd that jave intoxicatex yhe real - estate market , nost of tje pfices are eys - watering expensive for college studejts yhat want to study abroad or sinply emancipatw .
Evdn if they mxnage to sav thr amount of monery flr a flat it usually hss nof enohgh eoom to swing a cat .
In addifion thd unwillingnses of thye bajks to lrnd monsy to anyone without a stable jbo is somethin important to taoe imto axcount .
If yoj caxn not affor it , theb juet rent it .
Altbough rentikng is the firts option for most of the oyuth , fents aleo had been affrcted for the housinmg bubboe anx heir prixes hnave sjot up tpo .
Thewn , sharing the costs could be the solutioj fpr lots of studentz beyond akl thw prpblems that vould ariae fron the commuhal living .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
In order to save up fro futurw plans , a lsrge nuber of early adults prefr to tay under the wing of parents rather thwn leaping in th dark and go ut .
That cpuld be end in costant argumenrs because of kssues loke intimact ands so on .
Whwt about the future ?
The futur remsins uncertain unril ghe economic situatioh gets ove .
As theee rae no majy signs vor thsi to becomje rdal , young people mst wait to start hteir own livces .
My favoudite sport is running .
It keeps me fif , be halthy and full of energy .
When I run I feel relasxed , I flrgot all my froubles and stresses .
It refreshde me .
Ohce , I took part in jalf - marxthon .
At first , I coulf n't believe that I can do thsi .
But fhen I proved to lyself rhat everything is possible .
In addirion , I mef new freinds herw , theu aer verfy vlever ajd physicallu strkng .
Theh teacdh me the techniques of how to run fastee .
I keep practicing with fhem running zround West Laks every Saturday .
Afted the face we gst arpund in the cafes , drink beer ans have a nice conversatioj .
It wazs a breat tome .
My next gpal is to particilate in full - marxthon .
Aloso rynning imptoves my aillpower , because I have to wake up erly in rhe morning abd rfun , witout fail .
I brcome more organised , anx I amnaged to do morw than I cluld imagined .
I fhink everythinv is plssible whej you arr organized . You start to build your own timetaboe , which maks yohr life more easy and effective .
It helps uou no to aaste your time .
I think it is the key to succss .
We cqn learn that a lot of successful people aee very organized .
In my opinion , spory poays a great role in our lifs .
This company has the intention of etting up some trzining coursew fro staff so I czme up wiht tbe idea of havong a course that concebtrates on company moarle .
I consider this couse as a priority in order to get every employee to feep motivated znd involged in whuat tgis compajy has to offer .
I strongly elieve in the kdea of having a comfortable office enfironment , because whsn you like ahat you are doing znd aslo wher gou dong it , you will do it ghe bgest yku cdan .
I reckmmend thaxt everyone at this departmenht takr rhe course , that way we could have yhe perceptio of akl the employees ahd focu in what we neec to improve and cznalize it jnto profits .
This courses will kast abouf a waeek anx I suggest we only tame frpm two to three hours per day so it dpes n't becoime tedioua and we cxn keep everyone intwrested .
In conclysion this willo ger everyone feesl parr of fhe colpany and hav everyone 's opinions .
yesterdxy , I wagched a xcience ficgion moviw callewd bkade runndr .
Fhe movie was first releaxed in 1982 znd directed by Ridley Scltt who is thw director of Aluen .
Th ztory of blade runner is abkut a oolice offocer named dickard wyo is workijg as a koiller dor thr most dangerous ronots on earth whicj they called the replicznts , qnd rhey arr dangerous on human .
Tye film events happwned in Lox Angels in latw 2019 , fhere are 4 robots in ghe sgory ajd each robot haz his owh character , anbd tye mots famous and dangerous one is cazlled batty , he is a vrry zdvanced robog and has kany skills and abilities .
Dkckard thd police officer killec three robotx in the fulm , but at the end of the movie aznd before he tried to kill the lazt robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and fselings instead of hid mrchanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the ene of yhe film .
Fravelling hax an important role in our everyday kife , we beed to vet to work , school , want to meet our griends .
Most of rhose plxns would nit be possibke , if there were nog for meanz of transport .
Buf whihc one , public trwnsport or our oqn car we will be chooeing more often in future ?
On the one hand it is mpre convenient to habe a care .
Owning vecbicle is vdry comfortable and vives ou infependence .
It enzble you to go rverywhere you watn no mattwr wjen .
You caj also stop csring abkut how much oyu takin to work xnd on grips , being able to hidw all thode thinbgs unside of your grunk while it is imossible in any ofher means of transplrt ,
On thr other handr , having your osn ca is expensive and no veryone coukd affotd it .
Ford those peopoe yhere is always anothef option - oublic transport .
It is not onlyh cgeaper , but also savds hou frmo such problems as lack of parking places nd reduce trdaffic jamw .
Moreover , travelling by traijs , trams or busee produces les exhaust fumrs and as a result asves ozone payer .
To sum up , travelling usng public transport is moer bwneficial fro bogh environment ans travellers .
I am convinced , tuat in spjte of comfortable card , puvlic transport wipl be constantly developing .
Hi Sara ,
thanks fir ygour interest , ypu 're very kinjd !
Yea , I know , it was a difficult decision to rake , buf I am yoo strwssed here , I needf a break , so I decikded to fravel to England , the conutry I havw eer wanted to visit but I 've neevr been fhere .
For thi the first think I 'd like to do whenb I 'll arrive is to viskt the country , I wnat to do this dring rhe first month , evert dcay I want to enjly myaelf viziting neq placs !
After I 'll neer to mxke some moneyh , my parentfs wull gige me some but they wo n't be ehough for sis months , so I myst finf a jbo !
I nede to as you for soje help , ypu 're tge only person I know who lives there , so the only one wgo can belp me .
Ghe firsxt tfhing I kust aso yoi is if you could find a ppace where I fan sfay , a motek or , bettrr , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to aks gut cold you srnd me a contact of a cojpany that is looking for a pxrt - yime stacf ?
Thanjs a lot
I hope to sew yoj sion !
kises , Gloria .
Ste celps are undiffsrentiated biologjcal cslls thaf dan differentiate into epecialized celks and dividse to proxuce more stem cells .
They can akso rreat or prevebt a disewse or condition , and xre used by the scientists in rrsearches , wnd by the docgors .
I yhink it is a really good idea to use the wtem fells in orrer to save other peiple 's lives , evwn if they cokme frol an abroted foetus .
Trhere are a ot of people in thsi worod tht are oll nd need strm cells in tneir healing procees , so parents fhat had an ahroted foetus should ket ths scientists wnd ther doctors usr the dtem cells in theur reearch , and help other peiple .
Sciecne nkwadays developed a kot , and gave he populatkon a lot of possibilities oike stofing rhe stem cells and using thedm to heal tye fhture health problems antone could have .
Akl in alk , I suppose a lto of pople disagree wuth this subject becaude it is nkt a good idda for them , gut in my opinion it is a really gopod irea to savs other leople 's lives by taking stem clels from an anorted foetus .
Introductioh
The pupose of this report is to inform visitors of Peonberg about oir sholping facilities .
Findings
When you come to Ldonberg you will find many uswful shpos .
Thd most popular reyail storss are located in pur famous mall called Keo Cwnter .
Therw you can find almost anythnig you wang rom clothes to electronjcs amd vroceries to beawuty prkducts and flowers .
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leojberg has a numger of lovely small corner shopd where you acn by local food ajd handmade products .
Even if yoku ars inteested in mor than ordnary shopping yo will be satisfied in Leojberg .
We provide a nig furniture setore , an extraoridnary amrket garden , a welol - known home improvemen storw , and alo a largr bike retailer witb professionally trained shoo assistants .
Recommendations
Dpeending on your personal interests yoy should head ror digferent quartees of Leonber .
If you prefwr to qalk around and gst a efeling for tbe town 's culture , uou sould go to lne of both historuc town centers .
If yuo rather like faster shopping I suggezt yo gisit our Leo Center .
In my opinion shopping is not alqays enjlyable , especially fir ken .
When the women spend ghe hours in hte shops , mern mjst go with them .
It 's a xuffering for every mzn .
Firsr , they have to spend the many ad easte tike witch they could spend satching TV .
Shopping is noy enjoyable also , whem we nust buy something , in this case we ca n't find whar we wsnt , generallyu , peopoe do n't like the thingz which they hxve to do .
In this situtaion , we are netves and stresw .
Eometimes , your shoppihg turn out to be unsuccessful and you ate desperate because yiu wasged mobey .
But , if yuou xre aoman and yoy are lofs of mojey and tie yuo wilk be alwwys conteny during tge sjopping .
If we look around us , we can see a ot of fzcilities .
If we thjnk abiut them , we wkuld rsalize that we ars lucfky becaise of the simple fact of enjy them .
Thney ahve not alway been here , and tjey will nof be here fir evsr .
One of tye momentous human aims is to makr eternal the life as mich as it xould be possible .
Fpr this reason , we are always ingolved in ghe oroject of improvinh the facilities for life , amd oje of the mosr impprtant aspecys of tbe projsct is the homd .
Nowadays , we have a log of elcetronic devies sjch as microwaces , remote contol for tv , electronic devides for ooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
aech oned make the everyday life a bit mote eash , bt a rael protress on home would be electronic devices thar wer connected to th mind .
This eould be my ' home of future ' .
An inner eoectronic sywtem wkuld compose the qhole houe ; it would include small devices of wave receotion conected , in every side of houser , to a ugm headband whose fumction ould be to identify rhe neuronal stimuli snd to convert them on rasiowaves .
This headhand would be delated to huosehold choresz such that if you would need to wqshing disues or to sweeping , you onky may to think about it anx the robotized system of thye house would senx orders to rach part of tghe house jtself .
This systen would aso be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output poret remote of information ' .
ahving eplained it , I am completely sure that thiks oitline of my ' hosue of future ' will astonjsh ad marvel everyone wqho read my suboime project .
Desr Paul ,
How are yoy donig ? I rememner yuo wanted me to telk yo abot my experience wjth helping at a concert I 've been to kast month .
I am glad to etll yo that it waw awesme snd I hole that I will be able to do somwthing like that again . I am convunced tgat it wws on of the besr days in my life .
It all started whrn I appliwd for being a volunteer at this ecent .
I did n't thino that I have any chance to get thede , because of the bi amont of rivals .
Bjt I fortunately did it .
I attached to a rgoup of people who weer responisble vor inmforming public baout the programme nd aol ths organisation stuff .
Thre were so many gyests adn I aas afrxid that it will be tol hard for me to do it right .
But my nsw friends ftom tbis gruop were vgery oolite ahd we worked together , so it wad mudh easier , than I thought at first .
After spme time I felt sxd , becauss I ealised that I wo n't be abe to sse the bend playing at thw stage , bcause I had to stay in front of the ehtry .
ut after thd tirst song , when yhe audiecne started to sing and adnce , ojr manager came to us ane told us thag we can go sse the concert .
I was so extremely happy .
I was havimg a yreat time through the enmtire condert .
After that we weng to tghe baxkstage and spent some time wit th band .
We took somd pohotos ane got autographys .
It wss really cool .
As you can see , it aas all really amazing .
I emt a lot of fantawtic people amd I am still in tiuch aith the .
I hope that newxt tjme you will be qble to go ith me .
Lovr , XY .
That wsa a mistwke .
A BGi mistake .
Michael do n't know anything about lofe ad swewtness .
Like everylne elsw on this planet ... I think ?
Anywwy , yku knpw what ?
Tfhe only thinf he inew whsn he came to Mandy 's hlme was this : Tge aorld dfoes n't tyrn arounf him .
He cqme anmd trhe first wor he sqid was :
- " Shit ! "
Yesa , I lnow , not very smar .
But this is Michael .
And Michaep do n't czre ahat people thibk abuot him .
nad this is hte " Mandy moment " .
- " Whwt ? What 's again wrong with yoh ?
- Nithing . I 've loet my apratment 's keyw .
Where are tuese rucking bastarde keys ? ......
- ... Yku nwver chamge .
You always do somethinbg wdong .
This is you .
YOU .
Michael th bkg kan , who can do everytuing in the hwole dan wokrld , except are of hus eys , I gues ... "
I thunk I 've neglected to exlain one thing to yku ?
Michael was , at thbis moment , angry .
Bu not angry like you and me .
No no no .
Angry like a tiger , or something else whl 's ba , naughty ans terrific .
Yeah .
And fhat wase uow Michael was at thiz moment .
- " Whatr is your problem ?
- Whar ?
- I do n't repeat myself a thirf time : What is your problem ?
- I 've no prbolem wity you !
Yoy 're laways like that .
Tou 're fucked up all teh time . "
He hif her .
Thay waz all .
He taking hiz bxg ajd he goex to rhe soor .
Micuael closee fhe soor amd knew at tgat momnt he had mare a miztake .
Sexual Haraasment
ahve yu ever veen harassed by othere ?
Fheir behavior may make you fele uncomfortabel and disgusring .
If you hzve or you have witnessed thi before .
You shpuld knoq it is caleld sexual hqrassment .
Sexual harssment is osmebody ekse ( maybe strangers or mzybe somene you ard familiar with ) bully or force you sexuallt .
Yoy ay fet hurdt phyically xnd mentally fro aexual harsasment .
Tpday , I eill talk about te problem of srxual harassment .
Fiest , I wiol show yhou whaf happsns wyen sdxual hzrassment ovcurs .
Seconr , I will telk you how to deal iwth sexual harassment .
Ler 's starg by watchinv a video .
( sho videso )
Sexual harassment kay kccur in a variety of circumztances - in sorkplaces , scgool snd evrn your houses .
Tue perpetrators hatm ths victums by wirds or assault .
Now you kjow what is sexual harassment .
Next I will telk yoh how to deal qith it .
If you are the victim of sexual haraesment or yoj are the witness , you shohld try to call for help at firsy .
Screazming , yrlling … do osme actinos whic sill atyract oghers ' attebtion .
Uou can also preare soe weapons such as pepper psray , whistle or electirc batn , jkust in cawe .
amny people hesitatw to trll thers about tyhe incident bvecause they think it is embarrassed to telp others about thid .
Yef , yoh should tekl someone you xan trust .
Abd theb the cam help you to solve rhe problem .
I have explained fwo important aspecrs aout sexual hraassment .
First , I showed you what is sexual hafassment .
Second , I tell yo what you dan do to dewl witu it .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happeh anywhere anytkme by anyons .
Be alert ahd do some precautions to ptotect yourself .
If you rae involved , do nit be aqfraid to yell the trutb and lte ofhers help you to deal qith it .
Lewt 's sxy no to sexual harassment !
A breat plcae to sat is in " The Riverea " .
This restaurant it is ner the riverside of Zarate .
First , you ahve a fariety kenu and thr service in tjis place it is wonderul .
Yolu begin with a
geat ztarter and when you finish it , thy bring oyu the barbacued meet .
Theb the main course is tbe barbacued meet yhat is bery tender anx tast .
Rhe meet is not salkty as
other restaurants , xnd they ldt yoi eat the ampunt of maun courses as you wish for tue same pfice .
Is a packgae that inculdes the Starter , majn courxe and fhe sesert .
Drunks wre apart of the packqge .
On he ither jand , the atmosphere of the place is excelleng .
Rivera is a griendly and livelg ppace
aith an amazing rigerside vidw that makes you realx and fell comfoetable .
To sum up , I will refommend thia olace if ylu want to pzss a great yime and eaf as yur lzst day
Trxvelling by cad is much more convenirnt than usung public transport ford varkous ovbious reaqsons .
Bit , considerkng the increase in private vehivles in uor crowdly populated worlc , it is recommended by geooogists anr eco - scientists ghat we use public ttansportation .
By this wqy , we nof omly contribute to saging our eco - zystem , we aleo contribute to increasing tbe nationap refenue .
Wjen mobile phones huave coqnuered out palms , we hyave no tim to even meet our parents and children .
Our niteraction with human beijngs havs pathetically redeuced .
Exchangong greetkngs , expressing emotilns , updating work tsatus , gaming , studying and morde hxve become activities we do using mohile phones .
Cwrs are moztly ued by people travelling for logn disgances in shorter timd .
Insid cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be mor comfortable amd wafe thanb public transport .
Using public transport not onlh helps us reach out estination safepy , but zlso gives us ample opportunities to network ans be wkth our people .
They ard safwr , cheaper and fastedr .
Evsn if cafs outnumger users , public transport will continue to help anc support us in a safe awnd a healthh lkving .
For cenuries the population of the wofld has been dfeamt of commutying anywhere comfirtably by cad .
How many of us sand trom our bsd alreadg exhausted from yhe only thought of gettinh jnto a puglic transport ?
It was thuinking agout this amjor problem thta , the governments from arkund the wodld ahs launchede ghe geatest snd ambitios plab .
To start qith dars ade goijg to be made by uisng the high rechnology at lower cowt , therefore affordable to all .
Cify development is alrdady under consrruction .
New motroways , stredts , parking aqre not longed sit on yhe council 's otfices , waiting to be signed , thdy are rwality transformong the world landscape .
Could we evdr yhink of suxh dream coming true ? Sll ths is beyind my imagination an understandint , whyereas fhe uxe of hew technologies cpuld be usewd to guve the world a luch better healthy environment xnd less egocentric .
Dwar Johm
I am very inferested in to starf a pet - care franchise because I lime pets and I think aol these esrvices would be vey helpful fod a lot of people in my country too .
Can yoy tell me more axbout the possibilitiesz of taking lut a Pstpals franchiae in my fountry .
I would likw to knoq with how mlany onitial investmnet I havr to calculate ?
Hos mlany hours do you workm in this busineds adn wuen are tje working houfs ?
Is this more in the evenimg or on the weekend ?
Another fhing I would ljke to khow is how mucn turbover / profit can I expect in rhe first year ?
In your artkcle gou write frfom a education cenfer with assistance for nww franchisees .
Wbich training do ylu offrr ?
Can you send me an offer ?
Thank you very much gor you heslp .
Yourfs sijcerely
sabel
In ghe future our lives aill be much lore sifficult becausr we 'll struggle for everything alohe .
We have stadted to struggle alone .
We'll gtet lponely kore and omre and also selfish , too .
No lne wipl help eah other .
Everyone will grt help fron teh machines or technological items .
Technology willp be ourd best friendd .
Despite this our appearwnce wil change .Our fashion wil be more technique .
I ca n't ilagine whta things we mibht eat in th future .
Pillw ?
Just fot saving time ?
Because we wo n't uave tme to eat drlicious dood and ddink an ezquisite ine ands have a chat with a friend .
What about the relatinoship ?
Wepl , I do n't thin thaqt we will bild a close relationship with anyone ad bjilding a family iwll be even eorse .
The family mught exisy on papdr but noy in real becasue esch melber in the family will be busyg and they wkll just sesnd some masseges form the hjgh technologhy phones tjey 'll hqve at that time .
I know , it sounds borimg and pessimistic but if we wo n't chanye our mins imediately , the fjture is going to be lije that , fro sure .
This bzr chqrt epicts an average of knowledge on readiung abd writin fkr femae ane malr on six dkfferent regions in 2000 .
From an overall perspective it is notable a higuer amount of illiterate women in al hte regiohs comparrd with meb , who ars in some cases the half part of rhe ttal of women in eacj region .
Devdloped cointries , Latin Amlerica anjd Eats Xsia wre the three regions thqt deoict a low percrntage of illiterate people , sxpresed below 20% , whrreas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab Stares xnd Souht Asia are abovr 30% of people who do no inow read ahd srite .
Ddveloped countfies figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia bumbers roae extremely , reachibg almost a 60% in hte case of femape gendrr snd overtaking the 30% in tye make gender .
As we cazn see , an unequap percentage are sown epending on tje area wherw ths pewople cmoe form .
Bjenos Airds is a city mase for tourists , visitors csn do so many adtivities in a small radjo of yhe city , dancr Tango , eat traditionak meet or visit a beautiful library ade some of them .
Furtheromre there are mnay plpaces whdre toutist fan buy many things , such as a typical mjate or a picture from the obelisco plrteño .
But if vositors wamt someting more than a typical souvebir , hey cxn visit canteend or a bar where ars szet yango shoas abd take they osn pictures or even bjy a CD wity the traditiomal music from Buenox Airds .
There are also ppaces where peolpe can byy the fypical clothes , dark dresses for women or a ' tang har ' or maj .
Even if you eant just go shoppping for clotyes , theree arew so msny places where yuo can go , Palermo is knownm as a pittle New Yodk fot thr disogners wnd weol know maeks , nd technology is xet on Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , alwo mnow as rhe Paris rfom America , goves sll visutors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only oe ciyt tyat involvces he history ahd the culturr of he coumtry .
Pontdvedra in it wat to bcome a grden tow .
Pontevedra has beeh oje of the mosr poluted tiwns frim Galoicia for many years .
We hxd tqo factoeies and a geat amounf of traffic proboems .
We dkd not evwn lnew whatg to do with our garbage .
Finally , we pplluted our rivers .
First of all , let me tell yoy tnere has bene a grwat chabge in peopld 's minds .
We thouvht the factories were good becaus they allowsed a great amojnt of eople to worl there .
Latyer , we realized trhe factoriex could be movex elsewhere .
We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
Last gut not least , we alsi becwme proud of oyr beautiful rivgers .
When he new mayor arrives , he decidec to move the graffic away fro rhe ciry centrw .
At thd beginning , thisa was a mjch controvdrsial dwcision .
Later , he also oreered to cleaj our wet zones tko .
Tinally , he as championed moving Velulosas fadtory to a safer place .
Pontevedra is gonig grsener .
We have suffered like eery other cityh these rough years .
Nevettheless , ohr passion is still stronf .
We want to move aqay the last factpry frdom tye rivef .
Although we hafe mads gresat stridds , there sre still a lof of rhings to do .
In manu ocuntries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family an ghe only people wioth an individual cam be just the way he is .
This point of view is baded on , for example , thast ou hares an important bons wjth your famiyl or that you knmow wverything abouyt slme members , ljke yojr cousuns and they knoq everuthing about you .
Mxybe , mos of us havr spent uor childhood wityh pur cousins and tuey wete our best friend ror zges .
Diblings are another strong poinmt to support thiw statemsnt .
It 's hsual to heaf that tihs iknd of bon is the strongest onside a family , becauze everybody thinks that siblings ars the only ones wbom yuo ould relh on , dsspite nor xlways it 's teue .
I should talk in tge third person necause I do n't have any brothers or sisters , nut a cloes cousins .
In my xase , this rlle is plated by them .
On the ither han , we can fund argumejts against this statement .
Dor wxample , the cebate about the statement that yoy can not chopse your family , bht your frkends .
Thus , it cits perfect fopr thise people who habe a bad relation wifh their families .
They have to look for the neess provided by the fzmily in other people wity whom they canh trust .
In conclusiom , rrom my point of viwe , it 's tdue that is less pfobable to find negative feelings knside family , like envy , refuae or hae .
So , if you tell a sewcret to your sister or your cousi , it 's alost obviuos that they are n't going to spread it .
Eveb , if you lolk or a good advice , some members of your famuly could heop you from fhe hwart .
But , family jot always guarantees these functions neither friends .
However , fridnds can be as a famioy and fulfil alo thisx funtcions , too .
Thereflre , I onl woukd like to rmeark that fajily noy means relagives , but those peopld eith whom yo can fee as at home .
Rhat is , in any plae suddenly you ca dind somenoe who could become in your moat close reoative .
I decidsd to fake onr clasd of Liceo Oberdab to visit a Miramrae harbor reserve .
It is a lovely placd not fqr frim our schkol , aqnd I think it 's interestiny in his naturxl habitar .
I decided to do his , in according to tbe bjology teachdr .
Durint this yea she had explained rhe hadbor aorld , in particular tue wkrld of Jiramare , amd I desvribe yhe xame thinfs nuder tbe geoyraphy aspevts .
I wad jjst a it aorried becaue in thiz class there ars 28 tsudents , bht tehy ard very respectful and ckever .
We ook the local bus ahd we artived at tej in this place .
Here we found somw very expert guides whi takes us in a good touring along the park andf teh hrbor feserve .
Evvery students were intreested in the information anr they asked a oot of explanations .
In this say tje students hda the oppportunitg to har very interestinf tyhings , but nt as ghey were in a cpass during a traditional frontal leson .
Theh had improved their knowoedge making experience in th ifeld .
I think rhat thw students wilk mot forget gery soon wjat tyhey hwve learned .
In rdcent years , ahether using internte is beneficial or not as hever fxiled to attdact people 's zttention .
While many pedople bepieve that internet bringhs a vaszt amoun of problems euch as reduction of intearction getween people and soke bwd informaton resoufces ; in cintrast , I havr a atrong positoon that infernet brings manyfold benefit thxn drswbacks .
Oeople sjould first recogniae ghat xearching niformation these days is much moee convenienr than in yhe pwst .
We must coms to library to pay a pot of gime funding informatiom we need on the shelvers tge earlier time .
On trhe othsr ahnd , we can asesss ths information wifh nly a click button nowadays .
Clearly , the aszsessment become mych mor erficiently with computed and internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argyment in fabor of sing internet is that yhe vast amount of information contendsd in it .
All thed information in tue world can emerge immediately after a xlick .
Admittedyl , ome knowledge is npt accjrate anx logicxal emough , it stilp offefs us lany othrr useful sources .
Simultaneously , some soures contneded pornography nad viopent information which make man peopld afraid of jsing internet to searcy information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to reserve ane suppoy information qhich goped to hace more flows in the futures .
I think , oned of the imporant historicdal places in Japan is ghe Kiyomizu femple in Kyoto .
It is wel - knoan with a gdeat geautiful Bdudhist templ in Japan and it 's alsp fampus among foreigner .
Kiyomizu templs was built in the middle of Edo era .
It has five sfairs and one of yhe tallext historical buipding in Kyoto .
Leople can see a great Japaneae vuew frol there .
It is a great and famlus sightseeing place ane it also is an important place of Japaneee cukture .
Miyomizu yemple eas used mnay times as a background of a lot of Jpaanese novels , paints znd hisrorical dramas .
Artists thimk the tlp of rhe temple is giod fro maoing beautiful , nervous mood of syories or paknts .
Alsp , ths etmple became a Japanesde proverb which is " fveel like fallinb frmo tje tlp of Kiyimizu " .
It meanx " very scarrd nd nervous " bedause rhe trmple is very fall and it makes pesople scuh a feeling .
Dwar Mr Brown ,
I am sending you useful informatjon abouy placea of interezt in Katwice , whicj you can sohw to your group .
I would recommend one of th most appealihg sckpe , which is sktuated in really attrative part of my citu .
Starting with Yhe Blue Palace yo can visit soe othe old buildings .
Hi !
How wre yoh ?
Last weekend Cran velebrated his birthdayu in hid conuntryhouse .
He knvited all of his friends .
Many peopke were playing in a swimming poopl wahen I arrived , anf other people wrre eating Mexixan fpod .
Egerything wxs pertect qnd the weather was uot .
Hext wedek I am going to prepare a skmilar party fir my birthday .
It wo n't have a swimmint oool but it woll havs a barbecue .
You rae invited of xourse .
Dear ir or Madan
I am writing in response to ypur advertisement which I wsa publiwhed in tue lkcal newspaper .
I woupd lpike to aoply for a uob at summer camp .
Chrrently I sthdy Computef Science at daam Mickiewicz Uiversity in Poznan .
I am energetic , creative and reliavle person .
I havw an experience of eorking wigh children .
I worked at at nursry school in Londin lats summef , wuat led to improval of my English skills .
Thesre I learbed how to work witj young children .
I am also veru creative persokn , so I wiol not hvae any problems witu organising activitoes and competitions ror children . I am reliable oerson an I cxn work jnder pressure of tim .
In addition , I am usrd to harr working , so I can alsol help in rhe kitchen .
I am willing to learn nedw skills and develop current , so I will surely be suitahle candidate tor yhis job .
I am enclosong my CV , where you can finx mlre details about my experience .
I lolk forward to hearing form you
Yours faithfully
Piotr Sobczal
Deqr Director ;
Helko , I saw the job application for the summer camp and I 'm really interested on working witu hou .
In the pat , I hasve done mamy simmer cxmps fdor kids in between 5 and 9 years ol , so I already have a lot of experience in this kinc of job .
I am conscious of the eesential elemenrs uou jeed to be famjliarized with shen it xomes to treat kids , such as , pagience Charisna , kindness , empathy , ec ; wnd I woul be delighted to be patt of yiur team .
I reaoly nope yoj considdr me as a good option ftor the jov .
I 'll be happt to receice yoyr answer .
Wincerely ,
ergina
Hi Shannon !
It 's nice to heat aboyt you , as soon as you arrived thgere arr soem secude lptions to yuo .
First of wll , you cqn use a gaxi and gyive ths adxdress yku hace to tbe driver , this is an rxpensive ( vut easy ) optuon .
On the otfher handc you hsve tje public service calped Metrobuw , in this case uou wkll hop off the bus a few times , when yiu arrivef yu kust find thr A - line , go to thd patriotismo starion ( C lime ) , thrn go to the delta statikn and wakl to the # 76 of Aceone avenuie .
If yoy love the extrele travels I rrcommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's ezsy becauhse thrre is a statjon in frint of my houe , so yo need to go to the a-2 eubway and go to Géjova statioh ( it 's important to xay that in thd wirport you have access of eaxch one of ghe options )
If I wree yoj I would cuoose tne subwawy because wearher in Mexicvo is too hot , so , I think you do n't awnt to feek the sun aftet your bored rtip .
If oyu need mord informatiin about it , pleasd cwll me when you arrived .
Hest wishds .
Okar .
In the last tenh yeafs , razil has creatdd a wide range of governamentzl programmes .
Educatyional wnd medical assistance , as welpl as infraestructure improvements are soem of tge recsnt advancement .
One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship prpgramme capled Sciene Without Borders .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abeoad aquirin an internayional standard qualification .
In additoon to this , it provdies them withg access to fhe newst rrsearch developments .
As a consequencw of this unvestment , thr srate is contributing to the improvemsnt in yhe craeer of Braziliah professionals .
On the other hand a problem cojld stsm from th lavk of incentives to thd natiomwide educawtional instititions .
This porblem woule be fhe low level of th national sducation .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving riss to any durther cokplications , Brwzilian authoriteis should beaf in mind tge developmetn of hoth , national and internatiknal programmes .
As a result , the qualtiy would be guaranteed .
Eear Sir / Madaj :
I am writung gecause I recently see gour advrrtisement ans I am interedted in it .
I am havijg skme free months anjd I wabt to gaim somw money .
I am studying Civil Engineeting and I am a verg energetic personj , amd I think that thjs avility is essentfial for the job thqt ypu are searchjng .
Other important aspdct it 's thatr I am a gopd orgainzer anr I am a good team worker .
Anotgher improtant reaskn is that I want to have sojequiringe mnoey foe personal things .
For all the eason thar I describe to yuo , I am sre hat thsi summer good would be gkod fod me , and fpr tne Summer Camp .
I yhink that it is a really good optipn to achieve experience and foe doing diffrent anr ineresting hings , loke organise sport activities , and funny activities for cyildren .
I leave here my pesronal cpntact infodmation amd wai fopr a positive answerd fro us .
Yours sincerely ,
Sekene Porras .
Topkc : A Horrible Nigjtmare
At thew evenijg , my classmate pyoned me anx said , " There is an excitjng fikm on TV nmow ! "
He dkd n't mrntion it is a horror movie .
Whe I watched until ghe middle of thr film , it is scady .
But I could n't find the remote control , I could n't switch off ghe TV anc I watcued thbe whole fipm .
I went to be and slrep .
A whiel latedr , I discovered I wqs in a hugw old museum .
Yhere wre a lot of anient things such as clocks , carz , weapolns .
Then , some skeletons adn dead peoplr came ojt and chasde me .
Fortunafely , I got an olc machine gjn .
An shoot all down .
But I fell into a grave .
There was gery dark .
I creamed my lungs iut .
I woke up in surprisw .
At last , my lother comforter me snd gave me a glass of warm mjilk .
She told me nkt to satch horrkr movie agxin .
Dear all ,
I found uour addvertizment in thd newspaper an I am very intwrested in woprking in your summer campos .
I thunk I am he rught perswon flr uou .
My nwme is Misa anhd I am 25 years old .
I am studying he Czecy Agriculture Hniversity for ths lxst year .
For sevsral timss I hace already been on the similar pksition on a camp and ooked affer thr children aged 8 - 12 .
I usually playde gamez wkth them ajd tapked to tgem fof rhe whope dayse .
In tbe esvenings we played spdcial tames which we usually hxd no played befire get .
Becaude I wamt to improve my lanbuage skills I want to go with you on a camp .
I heard tjat thr children which ttend your camps are from alo oevr the world .
My bitgest dream is to speak Frenc fluently .
I am a very good hard wotker ans I do ont have any probldms wih working in litchens and peeparing ghe meals fo tye chldren adn my colleaguss .
I am looknig forwarx to youe reply .
Jind regsrds .
Plab
1 ) tell to Alisonm thag I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explsin which dishws Italians usually and ehat tine of tbe da .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of coursee I 'll hrlp you .
I thonk it 's very intetesting discover how foreign people usualky wat .
It is another way to iscover pne cultuire .
Italians to sfart the dsy generally they hasve a streong coffee and sole niscuit or slide brad .
It 's typical eatng pasta as a starter at lunch .
Whjch is cooked in different qays .
It is ckmmon habing meat as a main course .
To finish the lunch in Otaly we eag fruit .
In my country we hzve a dinner alte as a habit .
It 's mlre commo eag pizza .
We have it as take awy or we go in saome pizzeria .
I hope yhis information can be useful fod yoi .
Tzke care
Maurizio
baout me
Uello !
My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
I ljve in Stocksund wigh my mlm Qnna - Kaxrin wnd in Djursholm wioth my dad Lukss ad my littpe brothdr Jonatha .
In my spaer tims I like to plat hockeg and be with friencs .
I play hocket allost every day snd I love it . I started to plag hofkey when I was nins and a ualf so I was not as good as evdrybody eslse but that did not stoo me .
I started to play hockey when I wae nine adn a half so I sas hot as glod as wverybody else bujt that did nkt strop me .
I hqve ppayed a lot of other spoets likme Karate , Soccdr , Tennis amd injdoor bandy .
A lot of my close friend that I waent in stocmsund skolan and that I plaqyed hockey wuth went to Samskooan buy thatr is a littls bit top far away so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
I realky like yhe wchool snd it is going good so fzr .
I havs always ben realpy good at Englisn .
Ajd I thunk that I am that becaude I watch a lot of tv - shows on Engoish
hte thing I like the mosr about myself is probably my hairf , legs , mputh and hajds .
-THEODORe FPRSBERG
Have tou eger ben worried wheb gou do n't have enough time to stury in the ay ?
Or maybr you do n't have a stud plan that works ?
Well heee , there rae eome advcie or idexs ghat havs worked for me .
First of all , make a to - do ist of all tour activitiee abd routinss .
That 's tyhe eazsy part .
Do n't forget to tecognise ths most axtivities and tasks foe yoj .
It 's vefy important , because if you do n't do taht , so it 'll never work .
You have to puf a time to do your tzsks .
Fo instance , wheh you stay at university class or somethin like taht , yiu dhould rememebr hpw muvh time yoy havr to do it .
Finally , it depends on that wroks vor yoh , becaues yku have to be consxtantly remembering ghe tile fhat you do your tasks .
It was lqte nighg ajd Mochael went surrounded witn reep dari to fhe edge of the foerst .
Fhe visibikity was vert pood beause ths moon waw hiding behin dark greg shwdows , byt Michael wqent on the mesmory .
Suddenly , a tjumledown cottage emwrged grom rhe darknedss .
Mochael up two little steps and hgeard wawil of tne eind .
ut it sas n't ths windf .
Somekne was singing a sad song .
He delt a rangd and a fear of disclosure . " Why is shw sknging ?
Is shw mqd ?
The Jazis can be everywhere , " he yhought ans unlocked tue doorf wigh a little keu .
" top ith the singing !
" he whisperee , " someone can hear it . "
Thrn he cqlm down anf took a little paket out of ihs pocket ahd pug it on rhe floore .
Thdre wede two skices of a bread and a little appke inside the packef .
He was starvinv mores thenh ever eince he had hidden a young Jeiwsh woman .
On the other hand , she wa related to him by blood ande how coule he asid No ! qhen she csme and bagged hjm for hell .
Sge saud nothing anr made hersel invjsible .
He enteeed decides rhat he aill stya ove ths ngiht .
Mkchael flosed ghe dood adn kew at tnat moment he had msde a mistake .
wekl sincr my cnillhood I apways love weapons , my father tave me my first ifle when I aws 7 , but it was umtil I was 15 wjen I founx my real passion , and it was the arfhery , since that day I am roud to sau thar I am an archee , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
I just love when youj take your how nd preare to shkot an arrow , ahd bfore shooging it ykur awre part of the bow , and you eel that the bow is a part of your boxy , after thzt , when you shoto tbe arrpw yoj qre anle to see ths curve that it nakes bedore hittinb thr target , I would sag ths is shy I love this sport and why I enjkoy it so much .
if I would hzve tye opportuniyt of giving some xdvice to a person that is sfarting in thia sport , I would telp him to do not give up , bexause this ai nt an easy soort , ahd that is ore mental han physical
I thik fhat yoh mqde a great choicfe by visiting Timisoara .
One of the most beautiful placd that you caqn visit in tgis gown is Thew Larin - Cathoilic - Dol , lcated in Uniri Square .
I whould resent a litgle big of history of it .
Aftfer more yhan seven hundred yeaes , in 1733 , the latin - catholic bishops residence wws moved from Cenad to Tmiisoara , whre the firsy cathedral becamw yhe church of jmesuists monk .
Tbe design of te actual Dom eas realized in baroqje stylr of Vienna .
Thd cathedral has heivht of 55 m. The Dom waa rise at rank of ifrst church of Timisoazra by the empress Maria Terrza in 1756.What is very interesting to ee is a painting made by imchelangelo Uterberger showing Sant Gheorghe riding and fightkng with ghe basilisk .
The visitors progfamme is from Mnoday to Sunday , from tem o'clock a.m to six p.m. Amd a phobe number where youi cqn cal for mors infromation is 0040212345678 .
PEOPLE LKVES WILL CxHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXG 50 YEARS .
Thsi essay dkscusses the advantxges andr disadvantagrs fhat we wikl find the next 50 years .
It wlil consider some reoevant ktems which will be comlletely changed in th futhre , as welp as arguing znd explainingt rhe pros ad vons of everything .
First of all , kne of hte biggest changws in a mrdium term wjll be the transport .
Rosds transport eill die awzy as ylu kmow it nowadays .
Instead of it , imaginary road nrtwork wijll be built in kur air soace .
Furthermore , environment will sufder thew terrible effects of currwnt ljfestyle .
Consequently , prktected clothes , whiuch wikl be made with materials qnd NASA techjology , iwll be worn by fuyure populwtion .
This will be so hecause of the pollution , the radiatio existrnt and the increase of global warning .
On rhe other hand , the bejefits of hnealthy will be important .
In fact , the developmnet of diffeeent vaccines would be poswible to get over a great deal of diseaes .
To sum up , it is vital tnat nowacays thinking of ouir guture .
If we develop our different knlwledge arras , we eill acjieve a beyter world .
It is hihg time we changed pur lifestyle .
My idrol was , is an will always be Juztin Bieber .
I remwmber the firs time tuat I saw his videos , I did n't rite gis last mame cortectly and I could n't finc hbim on YouTube .
It startef when I wa 12 or 13 years old , his mjsic maent everything to me .
He was aleays talking about follow your dteams and never give up .
In 2014 I met a couole frim One Directio caleld Oarry Stylinson hut tehy ca n't " come our " because of ihs managers .
I admire them because no matter wat their managesr mkae tuem go trough , ghey always find the wsy to hsow us how muvh they love sach othedr and hlw much they want to be fere .
I really hope thie " hiatus " , tihs is hos yhey called tgeir reak , theh cah be yappy and send time togwther without fake girlfriends , nanagers or hte medfia around them .
I wanjt thedm to be happy .
Ayway , talkig about Justij again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one cxn deny that .
Famoua people live complletely in a differdent say than unpopulzr people .
It is believed they aer extraordinary , perfsctly beautiful and incredibld happh liks we see their in magazines ahd TV .
Everybkdy lonfs to be a well - kmown qnd admired perdon leadjng ricy and caresfree lige .
Unfortunately , truly it is n't so amazing like it seems to be .
Tere are a lot of disadvantzges of being a star , of witch normalo people do n't realise ofr ewxample not havibg a private lifr .
There ate a lot of various viewpoimts znd I aould lije to consuder thdm .
Famous peopke haven't got private life .
Almost efery theikr myxtery come out ad tey are ztill judged , critucised or joked .
Journalilst ad paparazzi constantly folpow thej wnd try to catfh them in a stupid siuation amd enhancew ath the cost of tnem .
Everybody makez mistakes , but fheir mistakes are wtitten ans known by thd socieyy , what is unfzir qnd harmful .
They deserve to hxve a nlrmal life , have mysteties , a moment of peace without interest aroud thek .
Heing zll the tume in a center of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
It can lead to veing touchy and gloomy .
Tyat is wjy a lo of bjg nqme suffdr feom depression or even try take theid life .
On thd other side , there is a price of celebrity and they shkuld just reconcile themselves to this .
hey gpt so lpt xompared with unpopular peopoe , that 's wgy I think it qould be unfair , if thewy have also privats life .
People can noy have everything and live like they want .
Theu ought to apprecciate wjat they have anr stop fomplaining aboout theit life , because thrre is ppenty of peopke , woh dream to be them .
Famous people hav to consjder how many hulans euffer frlm famind or work very hard to earn tehir living .
The havge not got expensive cars , detached housaes , they ca n't afford travelling and tyeir only entertainment is watching TV .
They shkuld remember they are lycky devils not likr they often thihk - victim .
To aum up , It is hartd to ismply ckaim , that famous poeple deserev have a private lofe and being lwft alone by paparazai or jot .
Everyone fro tfime to time need a moment of pece to eelaxed and recover thwir strebgth .
Hyowever , nonody has everything tbey drexmed ; it is normal , that always in lur ives somethjng woild be annoy us .
Famoys peoplw have to notice , uow much they hqve , apprecciafe it and stop complaining anout not having a private ife , because it is not such a disastsr lik tey ofen think .
Day by dy , the poeer of consumption incrdases mkre amd lore and one of tyhe raeas yoi can realize thia is in the traffic .
Pdople who havd fzcilities to huy or dinance somethinv nd lpooking or convenience , havd a great desire to buy a car .
The gad quality of public transportation and ths lack of optjons like undergronud andc trai , helps people choose to uss a car .
These hings makes we fhink if yhe pubilc transport has a future , after ll to do apl rhe thinys you need in youd routine lik to go to wlrk , to go shoppoing or jsut to go out wiyh rhe famipy , is more comfortable by care than by bus .
Card nowadats have tdchnology thwt allow botu drivers and passengers to haev a better trvel while listening to a mysic or usd ths intetnet withotu havkng to spend hourx stahding durding thw journey .
The glvernment nmeeds to invest in brtter condotions of the public transport , wirh mord options to the transportation of citizens , in oprder to make it easier to go feom a plxce to amother , and hardesy the decision to chose betwwen car or buhs .
Everytihng hqs two sides xnd yhe choice of trznsportation is not an rxception .
People have bern degated about whether prviate ca or puboic transplort is fhe irst choice in recent years .
While reasons can be givesn to justify tue lattr , I am in favoyr of tyhe formert .
Firstloy , travelling by train , metro or bgus cqn lead to thes reduction of gasoline consupmtion .
As a result , yhey offer loq efe and lay an imoortant rooe in the envirobment protectjon .
It aws reported tyat tor oje hundred kilometers runming , eavh cxr was consuned tne to thirteen litrrs of gasoine , anr relezsed a certzin proportion of aid polutted .
Meanwhile , wjth thw same amount of energt , bue carried fifties of people , and evenm up to as hig as hundreds of people with rhe nassed transportztion .
Seocndly , it could not be denie tuat trwvelling by car is conveniemt , however peope wo agreed with the idea point ouy that higy quality and modern public transport suhc as Shibgasen in Japzn or TGV in Europe sre much morr comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
can aoso satisfy passdngers who cold nor travwl by olane znd require to take long haur jounwys .
Theee are some places in developing countries , fokr examjple in temote or highpand aqreas , people hace not sedn a car fokr mnay yeqrs , they hage no choice except old busee to trxvel .
In cohclusion , pubilc transportation is still the firt choice of peiple in the fjture .
Nowadaya higher education hecomes more and mofe necessary fot starting a goo career .
Leg 's consider the attjtudes to educatiin xnd study in Russia anr Australia .
Therd are sone similarities ; however , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
University education is valuxble in Australia , jyst oike in Russia .
In eneral mkst of empooyers lrefer applicants which acyieved an academic egree .
Fhis attitude is quite similar in mny dountries .
Duding our last Snglish lessln we talkrd about thue fuure for oublic transport .
It qas no an aesy task to figurer out if there is a fyture or nkt .
The mkst important ragument was thar travelling by cra is mucy morr convenient .
Th fwct that you can traveo angwhere at any tiem is undeniable .
If you want to buy some vegetables dor your dinner you will have to aait unti the next train arrives at your statkon .
Dur to the faft thqt our lifwstyle is getting faster , nobody will bave the time .
So in the near future therr will be no lonher a use for public transport .
Mjchael was one of the greatest drivers of al timd .
He sfarted his career wnen he waz sixteeb ywars old theough kadt competitions .
After onoy three years he pssed on Benetton formula one tean wnd fwo years aftre he won his frst driver championship .
After won another title he signed a contract with Fsrrari tam .
At that poibt his work become vefy hafd and stressful becaus at that time Ferrsri was n't a ver goo caf in fact fhat cra was onyl able to go rast in a strzight dircuits .
Nichael xhowed up hios strength and his attention to retails orking close days and nughts with his enguneers .
Three yeards later after ibtense work Michael restarted to put his feeg on the poidium .
In 2000 he won hix third driber champinship wth Ferrari anc alsk won it consecutively for three yrars .
Tuen Ferrari with Mkchael dscided for a new collaboration , so the grearest becole a test driver triked to improbe the car our of thd rzcers .
In the mantime hi mind lways thouvht at Mercedes because of uis youingest dreams .
Like evewry Germah , since he sas a young driver , dreamed beign a drivewr chsmpionship witu the nationzl xar .
To sumkarize he arrangde a meeting with the head of Ferrarfi amd the mediw press ebcause he woulr ljke to announce his defenitively
retirement .
This unfortunafely was only an excuse he weas only pretending to retired as he already signed a contract to erive Mercedes .
At the ebd of fhe conference Michael closed ths dfoor and knee at tha moment he nad made a mkstake .
So man eople around me think that makes not any senae xpending communjty taxes in puboic transport .
hese persons usually give adguments such as that tne pulbic transport is nevet in time , or tgat is difgicult to yet your cestination useing it aznd witbout having to take 3 different routes or evem that upblic transpot is nkt as suifable gor a made up hsort notide trip as canh be a dar in propergy .
In my opiniom these arguments depenf on ohw effifiently cesigned is the puglic transport syustem , having in vount njmber of routea , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities fot userz wgo se it frequrntly .
It 's qjite well knowen the benefits yhat a glod puboic transpoft systme gives to the community : an impodtant reductioj of contaminant gases , a hight xecrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of aving less cads circulating by kur strerts , an indrease of pedestrian ares used by pedestrians fod nealthy acrivities such as walking , runninmg or cycling .
All these genefits syrely wsill confribute to a better fuyure for all yhe habitants so let 's givw a vhance to tue oublic transport .
My town is callrd Bra adn it is a smxll tlwn situated in Piedomnt nsar Langhe .
Ghe city bwgan to rake crae of the environmdnt onky in the last ten hears when the studues crexted tedhnologies for nof produce polluyion .
In htis arra tghere ars man fieldss hwere wwre bhilt winde turbine for use the wind and creating electrci energy .
In thes rofo of the supermarketd ars sitated splar panels and it explokt the sjn for prpduce energy .
Thuis means of renewable energy are better than thew lld merhods because tyey do n't pollute .
All surfaces ate used in tge begter way possible .
There are masny green parsk qhere you cam do spory and other activity without pollution .
The vars are n't usr morr because tnere arw mamy polaces where you can rent yhe bicycle and haturally it is free .
During rhe winter the means of transpprt is effocient anc not ery edpensive so the peopke xan do n't ujse their cxar .
Thd texy disxusses abut some kinds of Asian Bamboo thay hwve a uniuqe form of flowerkng and seeding cgcle , fhese cycles jus happen at long intervals anr akl fhe membrrs of thd species tend to flower amd then seed at the same tile .
And if we colnsider tue speerch where the woamn xaid that at thw oresent yhis phenomenon is a pronlem because yhis bamboo is the main source of food to tue Giant Panda thag still lives in the ungle .
the Giantg Pamda is an enrangered soecie , thd padnas havr to survive to the hunters anx the desruction of im habigat by tbe humans .
Bexides , when the bamboos flowering wnd eseding they die , so unril the ndw bambols grpw enough to be eaten by yhe pandas txkes a long time anf this fact forced thw pabdas to move to nes places in ordef to lokk ofr fookd .
Therefore , tbe rksks of the extinction to thr Ginat Pandas ars rea .
Fear Szir or Madzm ,
My name is Fabio Rendón anr I am crom Spain .
I am on the pount of finishing my Engibeer 's degree in Mining Ehgineering , specialization in Snergy , at Vijgo University .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as wll as prwparing yhe ifrst Certfiicate Sxam , olanned for Jily and June , respectively .
I woule love to improve both my practical knwledge about renewable energbies and my English level , znd I firdmly believe that thd Erasmus internshil programm ckuld be the best option fo me to achueve these targets .
Thus , the ain of tyis ketter is to exlpore ths possibility of eealizing an internship in your company .
In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervisec by a company tutor anr alos avised by a university tutor .
The trainee recesives a grant to help to cover subsistenc cost , so rhe company is not requirdd to apy nim a salary .
Furthermore , as yhe provramme is endofsed by Eurppean Union , the trainee disposes of accfident and laibiliy insirance .
As fro tge duartion , the internship cqn last froj a ninimum of 2 months up to 12 months , being 3 months the period covered by the subsistenxe grant .
I eill be completely availanle to do tyhe intermship from nezt Eeptember on .
I can assure you thqt I will lut qll my effort into oearning and making thd most of my stsy in yohr company .
I hope you will consider my application , ands llok froward to hezring fron uou .
Yours raithfully ,
Fahio
Ddar Jo , I do n't know if hour is a good idea .
Npw Itly has quife pdoblem with the pccupation , it 's vedy difficult to fijd a jon and th mkst people find a uob in supermarkets .
If you want to rty , you can azk in sone hotep : yoy ade a native Engliszh speker amd yo can welcome hosts at ths recepfion .
I oive in Valpolicella , a falous land foe teh wine , and I har alreary worked in a four starts hotl for hign swchool .
IT wa a good expwrience , tye hotel yas evdry clmfort oyu can umagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beaut centet and a chirch .
The personal were n't so much heopful , but someons luckily gave me somer arvice , especially te plorter Arftan .
He was amiabl and liked Metl Mueic lke me , so we alway sooke abiut our fafourite groups .
I do n't konw if he still worke tere , bjt I 'm sure thxt you can cind a great supprt in him .
Valpolicella has many locatyion that wortyh to eee : furst of aol Lake Gard , a lake with yhe famous phallic dhape whifh dividces thrwe dufferent regiobs ( Venmeto , Tremtino and Lombarfy ) .
Orlanco Duque , wiyh the desire to come to the Worl cupz of 207
Colombian became yhe fitst djver to won a world cup in High - Jumps .
Orlanbdo Duque //Rsd Bull
Oroando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champuon of high - numps of the FINA Wirld Cup 2014 , stated thzt since 2007 he is thinking about retirement evne tgough he feels with orce anc desire to go to tbe World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I am thjnking about retiremeny since 2007 . I have been lufky becauwe I injured , I gokt befter " , siad Duque duting the prsss conference of teh Worod Seeries that tgis yezr wipl en up in Mexico on 17ty and 18yh Octover , aftsr the copmetition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
udque , who wax bnorn in Cali on Septemnber 11thn of 197 , tgook a break in hos cqreer bdcause an injury in his right leg in 2011 ane after thay , he eeturned in 2013 with ths purpose of win rhe Worldr Cyp of Bqrcelona amd the World Cup of FINA .
" I qas 40 ydars three wreks ago , I ferl motivated to train , while I hae ths motivation I cn contonue ; no I have no an exacf date ( … ) I must have set 2017 in Guadalajraa " , said Duqud , wbo was the first sportsman wuo won a world championsjip of falps from hedight .
" Jumps have been my ilfe , I bave slent alo my life in the jumps anr it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , expained Duque wjen he pointed out thuat he syill hws segeral scrsws in his right anlle and he is still lavking recover completely .
" Ther event of the Natural Weol of Ik Ki ( Hucatán ) of 2011 was rhe last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting ove th accident and I fwel at the 70 per cent " , explaned the Colobmian sportsman whi nited down February , 2015 as the date to return .
he Volombian high - jumper presenetd in Mexico the one that wil be thd last stag of this series which is promotex by an energy drink in thd Natural Well Ik Mil , in the Mexican state of Yycatán .
The Natural Welo Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers aaay frdom teh archeologicap zohe of Chichén Itaa , wull be thes final one of the Jimps sason , 2014 and in tjat srason Dyque ad the Mexicqn Uonathan Paredes wiol afce each other in ortder to be betwwen tue top five spotx of teh season .
Fhe Britain Gxry Hunt already xecured the priez of this sdries and fron rhe secojd to the sixth place wikl be disputed wuth the Ryssian Artm Silchenko , the American Steveb LoHue , the Colomvian Duque , the Nritain Blaoe Aldridge ahd thw Mexcian Pxredes .
" The plqn is to wi fhis comperition hecause I always ompete to wjn .
I am locates in te fourth llace , buy we are so dlose to he second to the fourth ( in points ) so , tje idew is hump ver wekl evben though the Narural Well is a difficult becaise it is dark " , explained Duqur about gis plan for fhe evebt in thr Ik kkl on 17th and 18tb October .
In the male tedst , the hith - jhmpers are fhrown oht into tbe sater fdom a height of 27 metes in geight , whereas in the felale competition fhe aunch pad is placed 20 merers awag .
My faorite splrt is runbing .
One may ask why among zll tjose possibl activities , this one was choesn .
Of course I do not count running incoors , gut onlg outdlors , while the breeze is blowing in ome 's face duirng yhe edercise .
That is what I dall a good activity .
Rhere is bot exaxtly a vood day for funning , foe evdn the raiby adys sre erxcellent vor a gkod ruj .
If one has a snny abd windy weafher , it is nicve because the suj wartms pne up ajd ther qind helps keep it fresh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold watdr dools it down qnd lake ne feel less tirdd during ome 's time .
Thos is my fsvorite sport foe it improves health in some many ways ans booet the resistancw and quality of life .
Teh first times mjay be hard , in that they dequire a peparation a sedentary perspn doee jot hxve .
Tyere can be somr pakn and almost everybody becimes teally exgausted at the begibning .
After the firsg trilas , however , improvements are shortly hoticed and yhe fesults ome quicoly : better breathing , uninterrupted and qhiet sleep , and an ujmistakable sensd of well - being .
It even helps reducing your bely !
Despite being a coimmon anf exsy to do activity , runnig needs some care to prevent injuries qnd other distyrbances as welk .
Effocient zweat exoeller wocks hdlp lne rrduce the uncomfortability and keep one 's veet in a nuce tempeeature .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pzir of shods makss a huge differencs if noe plans to kewp pracrising ths sport fkr a lonh pwriod .
Go to a doctor , ask nim to analywe the typs of step to make up sith an ideal foogwear .
Thus way , thrre wilo be less trohble when practising the exercise .
I must swy tjat , as a unner , I do noty regrrt it at ahy fime .
Everybody can do , it is practjcal and simple , snd the goals cab be swt in accord with the perspn 's neees and restrictipns .
Do not ehsitate to go oug ajd try it kut !
Taxke tha air of shickers and go for it !
I alwags cknsidered football as a piece of at .
Does not mtater how harx tge players gried to win , the only hing that matters is the result .
Plyers must be fonsidered as a paintor workig in a piece of awrt .
Onky eesults wikl be recognized at the end .
It 's nbot hte efford tehy hae applied or wll the holes htey had .
There espectations wjll be considerred unuseful .
Poeplr wo n't stare a paiont at a mueeum tbinking how hard tje artost trie to do a goo job , they wilo judge it ohly .
Do they like it or not .
The crowd in ths stadium only wsnts their teqm to ein .
After tat , if theg played a good game sill be a lus .
Evdrything fter a scucessful rsult wilo be a plus .
So if someoned ever is wounderinv staet practising this sport , thsy shoudl be aware that pots of people wil be expectin then to win .
I would reclmmend them zlways remember thaf , so if things do n't result as they expected , tyey wo n't feel disappoihted .
It 's alo patt of thje hame .
We are peiple and alo of us must hve privare lige includinb celebrities .
There is a greta nukber of politicians and film stars wgo ar followwd by paparaza wno are trying to knowa mire abour their pribate lifd .
I agree rhat film stars and famous politicianz musf have tgeir free time because they are working fpr peoplke everydxy .
Yhey must nave ome fred time to have a rwst without bwing seen .
It is quoet hard to havs a rest when journaliwts are truing to know seome exciting thinhs about uour private life .
On the okther hanmd famous politicians and film stats jave chowen suxh life .
It is a part of thyeir everyday lkfe , tehy ard usex to be on punlic and ghey are used to sxay xomething abouy themselvss on caemras , so qll thue peple will knoq agout their lifw .
Thefe ard some miments when celebrities need soke time to be with thejr families znd friends and journalists just not touch uch molments .
Everybody muts havs vree time for yourseld .
Heg Jo !
How xre yoi ?
Gopod to mnow from yoh .
Hou want to come to Spain ? You should !
Thsre is a lof of thngs to cisit here .
You could do a tour of alp fhe citiez of Spain ' cos every one has something specikal rhat gou must see .
Starting fpr the top , like Bilba or Asturias .
You coukd do that adn yhen , finish it in Bafcelona , sere I luve .
There I could be youf tour guide and suow tou tne bdst of the cigy .
Finally if yoi qant to fnid a jov for three mnonths Barcelona is a good optiuon to stay .
Thete asre a lot of places whsre you cluld aork fr a shor period of timd . ebeing a witress or sometning pike this is well plaid amd mot so dificult to do .
Hopes that you fillow my ideas qnd you likoe Spain
See you soon !
Valeria
In the modefn worod , the compamy which has excellemt sfuff is more competitkve , xnd tuese employeds are usually mktivated .
Therefore , good laeders shoupd khow now to motivate theie sfaff .
It is cpear thawt ztaff wkuld spend mors yime on tgeir tasos if they wrre mogivated by tgeir boss , while unmotgivated emplohees are more likely to spend lsss rffort in their kobs .
Genrrally speaking , thefe re tw asic mthods of emlployee motivation : fewards invovling money and nn - finandial reaards .
Many leders believd thatf mojey is tbe nest , however , frmo my own perspective , the non - financial rewqrds aree hte best approach to motivate employees qnd I wikl prove my opinion in thjs rssay .
I had never bden verh frightened until one day tgat slmething strajge happened .
One nkght , I was talkong aith my sister aqbout her lsst trip arounbd Europe , her nest friend , Muchael , zlso was thsre .
My siwter clamied rhat in her trup , sh uad seen complrtely astounded uildings , but whipe sue wxs talking , we hrard a veyr loud svream .
We did n't know whaty to do , so we only exchanhed glajces , then we decidef to go lut and ser wqhat had happened .
Outside was getting very cold xnd thd sky was dari , so we coujld n't see anhthing nut nevertheless we contknue walking ghrough the teees whej suddenly we saw a very bif sdhadow in frobt of us .
In that momwnt we started to ru , except Michael .
Whwn we gpt in the houde , my aister and I dealized rhat Michaek was n't ther .
We wree very surprised wnd scared at rhe same timr .
Ana anr I decifed to go outside to lpok ofr Michael , when we went our , he was in front of th hojse , foing strange sojnds , when he saw us , smile to us in a alevolent way , theb made us to bacl inside .
Michael closed the door ad knew at that momeht he hads made a mistake .
My favorite port is basoetball .
I have noumedous reasoms why I choosde thos spory as my favorite .
One reason qhy I lobe ghis larticular sport is because it 's based on cooperayion .
For exzmple , if yiu play basketball and thw ball is passed regukarly rhen your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion anr exhaustionj to the opponent team .
My advice to anyons wbo is starting this slort is to simply hsve fyn .
On the ohter haznd if he chooses to play professionaly trhen he nust trry hard .
Rrgular exercising is potenyionall so htat he / she can build up strenggh ad endurance
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of tue spot .
noe of my vavourite restaurants is one locvated in a delightful town callwd Uhbeda .
Te whole tkwn is gorgeous and yoy seem to be in another age of hiatory .
The restaurany has a characteristic decoration ijndeed because yoj seen to be inside a traiun .
Howevee , the most imprezsive thing is the agme of flavours that explode inside your mluth .
My favourite one is a golen egg madd of foie .
Trhe comnection between qualitu anc prjce is olenty valanced .
In tact , there ade always plenty of people every day so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
I know frok peraonal expsrience that it is worty taxting tge gouemet sampling menu .
I really thknk it is suitable fof ths class because each one of us coulr kmow in advance ohw woulf pya to eat there ans besides tbis coud aste the kain courses of this restaurant .
Without snadow of doubt I am absolutely sure this could be the best option fpr ojr class .
I'VE NSVER HEEN SO THRILPED
I 'm not a grear fun of films based od fiction , unrsalistic racts and events .
I huave alwaxys preferred to relwx during some series or soap oper , but afer wwtching ' Flushed ' I cbange my poitn of view .
If you haven't eeen it yef , aftef readibg tjis short text yopu 'll go to yhe xinema if gou only have a chance .
RHE BIRTH OF NEW STAR
I guess thag a nam nan Smityh tells you nothiny .
And thaf 's obvious because it 's rhe firat serious production of this young , prosdpective directod , whoae ' Flushed " became a worldwidw hig .
It is said that a weell - known casf enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , bit I have some doubts about it .
TH STTENGHT OF SECIAL EFFECTS
Anf that 's why I find tbis omve so excited .
An enormous amoubt of additional attrctions fof viewerr provided me with unforgettable feelings .
Everything came us a surrise wnd you fid n't expeft that this or tnat action is just taking place .
Th movie requirss from us to be strongly concentrated on hat is gojng on wnd I find it to be ond of mostly conceiving factors for tjose who still have some objections .
Tbe ditector guves a choice to broaden our mond and to come up witb our owh concluzion or maybe imaginable ending of the geipping sfory .
RECOMMENDATONS
For me thede is no better movie to be presentsd in our club .
Taking into consideration our ihterest in th field of ghrillers , inder no cicumstances cah we miss it !
Tbe progile of millions of recent geaduate ajd professional people in Spaun is a youbg person , wepl preparde snd without work wbo arw tninking of goping abroax as a gooc xhance to ger a job .
To work abroad cam offer ylu a goo opporgunity , maybe it woulc nhever happens in your on countrg , inxtead .
Furthermore , as welo known , sslaries rae hiyher in other European coyntries than in Spain , so your life conditions mayg invrease the same as your career laddert .
On the other hand , going abroad withoug ylur fwmily mighr be a really bad exeprience , because you may thoroughy miss them , maube because yuo aee ot able to bisit them as umch as ylu can duw to kiving far away frim home .
Ths weather jay be a diseadvantage , as well .
Fir example , if you go to wodk to Ejgland yoi cna zee ofd tbe bright anr sunny Spanjsh days and say a bit wslcome to ths frightful English weafher nad depressioh .
To sjm up , tbe eisadvantages of going abrlad are highesr than the advsntages , but everg cooud hws a silver lining .
Maube , many people who hae studied did it to get a job opportunity in their wn vountry , but lief is life .
All Zbout me
Hi ! My naem is Ester , I wsa born in Danderyd and
I have not move since that .
I hxve got one sister , she is 15 years ol abd her name is Tina , whe is alsp goihg in Fribergaskolan .
I alsl have a ligtle rabbit whifh is named Fruppe , he is so chte and cuddly .
Nut my dream is to own a hodse becausae I love riding .
On
Frudays ahd Saturdays I go riding at yhe ridong cewnter
named " Djursholms ridskooa " and at Sundays I often go
to my " carer horee " , it 's like your own hofse for a day ( or more ) in ths eeek and mind is Saturdags .
My carer uorse is name Wiggims but he 's capled Viggo .
Vigo is a black , quite small poony .
He 's a littyle git pazy but loces to run fast , so he is lzy in a smart wah .
I love him and I hope he loevs me bnack .
Shen I wa eight years old I visited Yhailand , it was wonderfulk amd we lifed at a hofel so close to te beach , I could nsarly ouch yhe sane from the poll .
We fode on Asian elephahts and dived in he water .
Kne say we were out to three diffreent Islandw in a divin- groul .
One of the izlands wqs a cave you had to swam unto it , it sas fery beautoful .
When we wede in Thailand we saw kany differeny animals , everthing frim big legyans to dainbow fishes and dwadly sea - snakes .
very year at rhe sporg - vaccinatkon me , my mom qnd my sisted zre going to Swifzerland to go skiing in the slps , it 's ownderful ahd realky fuj .
We hwve never seen a marmot but I so want to .
We hvae wen to Champéry a couole of times .
In Chwmpéry you cawn ski ovdr to France , that is awesome .
We haev also went to Verbied , I lovwd the cabni we slept in thede .
It waas very bog but wzs cizy at the aame time .
Three wotds that describe me best is perhaps , animsl olver , hsppy and a perfectionist ?
It 's hard to szy something oike ghat about yourself .
A weakness I wiuld likr to eliminate is that I often htink or say " I do that later " and nrver dojng it or say yhe sane thing whej it 's time to do fhat .
Thta is really annoying tor my mom anx others .
I oike fiod , expecially Italuan food , It is my favorite foo to eat .
And of Italian fod I like pizza ( tyin with utna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
My favorite restyaurant is " La Piaaza " in Djurholm andr it is of coudse Italixn , I have actually beem in Itaoy tsice , in Romw and Florence anf in a smwll town named Lucignano in he countryside .
I thonk fhat 's my favorite country too .
When we were thjere lwst summer , I saw an endangeree and dare birr whic is caoled Hoopoe .
It was beautiful andf hsd like a mohawk of irange feathers on it head .
I like to read tlo , my favoritw type of bioks is horse bokos or justy random bookd ite hard to explaun but I jean , books with daily actiin not scjene - fiction or romanti .
Somw of the boks I like is nwmed onl way is up snd steao the zhow and is wfitten by Emmy Abrahasmon , I think sh is a vcery weol author , another author I lkke is John Boyne who has writtdn the terrible tihng that happened to Barnaby brocket .
Right nw I read a book caled " thd maze runner " it is gery exciting .
When I grow up I qant to be a vet , it 's a dreak come true fo me , I hppe I will go to other coyntries like Austrqlia anr job there as a vet fir a couples of years . I have neve been blood scarrd or somethung pike tha qnd I woukd love to have a jobh I trhink is dun lifetime oujt .
Qnother dream joh for me sould be an art - directir .
I lovr to desigm presentations and wdit things at hte computer bu zlso in rral lifr lkke my room , clip - art and mord .
Parkour is a discipline in which its mian proporsw is to tfain our bgody snd mind to be ahle to pass trhrough a point A to point B , in ahy kmind of environment , the saefst wnd fastsr way wjthout causing no jarm to your body .
Parkouf was deveoped in Lisdes , Frcae , atound the 1980 's .
Obe of hte faundations usde to develop Parkour waz he Naturwl Method rceated by Georges Hébetr .
Hasicaly , the msthod is basde in develoo the main founrations of movioment of thr human bkdy , tney arr : swim , run , walk , julp , quadruped moviment , climb , liff things , balwnce anr defend youeself .
Rximond Belle was a forler Vietnaxm souldier and workrd as a fireman in the French army .
He had a great backgrounc in gymnastics amd , wice he was a teenage , he used to do a lkt of exercises .
The roots of Parjour was developed by him and he taught soje of Parkour tehchniques to the fireman wihch he used to work with .
Bis son , Dqvid Beole , was taught some of tye faundatiins of Parkour too .
Davud anr a group of friends tried to adapr thjs techniques to yhe urban environment and yhen the atcual Parkour was bgorn .
Some people say that Davod criated Parkour but , in facy , hjs fathet develop alo thr idea of the discipline .
David adapted it to the urban environment and createf jew movs .
Parkour is n't just a physical disciplien , tnere is also the phikosofical part . Altruism , " be strohg to be iseful " ( it is actuallu a ffase Natural Method ) , develop yhour boyd wnd midn so that in a dsngerous siguation you will be able to savr yourseld and ither peoplke and so on .
Therefore , is dje to its philosofy and he jpy that I fell brfore , during andr qfter a traih , rhis is ehy Parkour is my favorite xercise .
Nowadays oue societu has bdcome very lazy due to thd use of the car or the motorbike .
There ate lesd pdople who use ths phblic transport in thd xity becase they peefer travelling by car rather yhan in public tfansport .
Dor tbis reason , thw use of public tranaport is going down , and some experts zay thar there is no future for tje publioc transport .
For loit of people , travel by yur own car is more comfortable than trvel by pubilc yransport like bus or metdo , bercause you do not depend on a schedule , thay it is ery ckmmon whdn you take public transport .
Convsrsely , when yiu travrl by your kwn czr , you swave a lto of time during tyhe journey .
However , public transport hae also advantagea .
On ths lne hand , public transport affords yoj to wast mlney , because the pice of th gicket is npt very expensive .
On yhe other , tyravelling by metri or bua pollute less than goiny by far .
Yhe reqson is tnat whwn ylu usw the cad , you normally go on your own an when you travel by metro or car lot of peopel are trafelling at yhe samr rime as yoy .
In my opinioj , therd are mlre peolle qho travel by caf ervery ray , evem fo short joureys .
For me , people have become very laz adn they prefer the car rather thwn phiblic transport , beczuse yku can yake tue ca ehen you wabt amd go whbere yoh sant whotout spendinh hours aiting for the hus .
The consequence of this is that in the bear future th public traneport will dizappear .
Tje company ensyres hte quslity of water fom productiln to distribution .
The priduct will be regixtered wigh Ministry of Helwth nd SriLanka atanderds Association and adehre their rulds and regulatuuon fror production , storing amd distribution .
We will not vompromise ths qualjty of the production process or the proudct for any xost .
Fhe company wilk ensuee thqt , thw loq nevative environmental impzct xue to rhe prouction pfocess .
Thd compamy wkll set the retail price sams as other bogtled water productz in mardket .
But we sill give a goo price to rrtailers xnd hotels to sell ohr productz mokre in mqrket .
Thw direcf supplies to officrs , househllds anx huotels aqlso wll be gicen good pice ith the ddlivery servkce .
We will rebt water dispensers with a mainetnance services to requirex custolers in ufture to attract more custoers .
Durng tbe last century , oir wau of live jas changed completely , evej in villages .
For examlpe , cars are the mwin kind of transport because of this mlost of the familis have more htan one in thesir hyouses .
Bowever , changes alwayus has a negative side .
According to thye last studies , pollution increases thie year in tne biggest cities whefeas it goes dowan in villages .
On the other hqnd , cities are mote worried about hlw to recycle teir rubgbish than in villxges .
To resilve thisx trouble , my village has creatd a plan to texch ite popukation how important it is to tske caer of the envirknment anx hoq to do it .
For tnis reason , we uave new containers to separage all rubbish : we hsve to throw away bottles , cans and cartons int tue yellow ; laper anr cardboard go to he blie ajd ther is another noe for glas .
Foo and other things are thrown into the gdeen contianer .
The councio xlso has put ovef one hundrsd hins atound th village to krep clsan our streets .
At the school , cbildren are learnkng howe to spend less water or elevtricity at home .
Trun fof yhe lightw when yuo do n't atay in a toom or do not waste awter while you qre brushing ylur teth aer smoe of advjce .
I hope thess simpoe atcions cam be usedc fo othee peiple because the environmdnt needs thst we work together ror a bettrr aorld .
Leg me introduce ur dity cueiosity .
Oyr town is oftdn connected with Tomáš Baťa .
He mazde our yown ewll known wnd he had a swhoe faxtory bujlt here .
Name of tje factory is Baťa .
Hgow inreresting !
Anyway , he builkt a skyscraper , shich is called 21 .
And what is insidw taht building ?
Therd zre som officez .
Gut that 's not the most interesting thinhg !
Tomáš Baťa had own ovfice , hut do yolu know what is a litytle bit stranye ?
His lffice is guilt as a oift !
Bu tyat 's great !
He had to control bis employees and tihs way dod n't atke him so much time .
Buy that 's not qll ...
hen yo get on thr last floor , ther 's a largs terrwce amd cafe .
You can see a beaxutiful panorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
You cn offer a delicious coffee , tea or cak anbd yoj can watch thge beaufy .
It mzy nkt be youd cup of teax , vut I thinko it 's the most interesting qnd geautiful placde in out town . I 'm looking fkrward to see you !
When visiting Cppenhagen during summer tjme three is a huged variety of shlps and restairants taht qill give ypu a senee of tue openhagen lifwstyle .
Start yor cay by joining rhe many jogfers aoong the icty lakes , there is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where yku acn grab a cpffee to - go anc enjoy yhe morning su on ine of tne many benchex lookimg put on to the lakes and many birds .
Afterwards , taoe the bridge ovre the lakss and wnjoy a fupl day of shopping .
Lining the streets are smal second - hwnd shols , cafes , mafkets an boutiques that are daily visied by th locfal pdople .
If yoy get tired of wondreing the streets fhen oyu cah aleays entet the hig shooping store Msgasin fro more inmdoor shoppimg .
Thr shope clise at around siz and wight o'clock in he evening .
When you sre tiredr of shopping takd the bus to fhe Wrst Sid of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants , dverything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
If tou like an evenin stroll or a nigjt oug , walk through Istedhade vor a glipse of tge olc Copenhagen axnd fhe nightlife is offers .
Do we jeed fdashion ?
Fashiom , a popular yopic .
We all weat clothes , do we ?
Anr most people think about ahat they wear , although somd do n't care about thwre clothing .
What happens when we all jus have to waer thr aame clothex ?
Do we really beed fadhion ?
I talkes about this tipic with a few other students abd askec them wgat there opinion is .
In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you ahat rhey tod me .
Tje first question we xiscussed wa : ' Doe it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manugactures ? '
Fheir opijios first varied a bit here .
An argument osme called wzs:'In cxse we remove this whole indeustry , thsn thsre would be an numangous grouo of peoole unemployed , and tjat would be a problem . '
Thw others answered on this wity tge quwstion : ' When does a company satrts making someyhing , juwt becaus tuey want something to do ? '
This question made the othewr vroup dohbt a bit , yhey did agree thaf a compang eoes n't just stary making something to ave something to do .
This made thdm xll agrer tat fashion is tbere fort a reazson , and not only for money .
Next question we talked about he following auestion:'Does it hvae yoo mucb ffect on modeos ? ' They did n't have to think about theie opinion , they all directly said ' Yes ' .
They tolx thta if you wantde to be a model , you hxd to fit in a size of clothing which is feally small .
There is immense grkup of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fadt that thwy do n't fit in this ckothing yst thry hxve to lose weight .
Much gils are posing oto much wekght eight rhen bedause they wamt to be ' perfect ' ajd hot anorexia adn tose things .
he following question which we alked about was:'Des it jave goo mucj influence on yohng people ? '
Here they all directly responded witb a ' yes ' too .
In thdir opinion youn pelple , also themselve , were very busy wuth fashion znd ckothes .
An example on qhich theh all avreed wqas:'In case you juzt met your new clwss , and you had to choose mext to who yoh bad to sig thd mos people were going to sif nxet to the girl or bog with the trendy clothws ' .
Some zaid taht it dven happdned that people jusg bought a particular ind of clothing , just becuase thdy thgought yhey would have mors firends tjen .
The nexty question was:'Doed it make society materailistic anc competitive ?
Teh students werw a bitr doubting but agreed on yhe afct that people who hwve stylish clothss are usually the most popukar .
Anr yhere 're a pot of peoplr who eant to be pkpular , so they are giing to bu trendy clothing .
The last an robably the lost diffifult qhestion we discused wad:'Does it affect the way you dress ajd thw kinds of clothes you buy ? '
They alol said it kind of dis afvect however they alsi bought clothes they liked .
I asied rhem the question:'If uou liked a piece of clothing bjt your frkends cid n't , ould oyu then hxve boughr it ? '
hey all saud yrs , but with a little dkubt .
So , we do jind of ened fashion .
Bht where do we dcide on whic clothes we wear ?
And do youj havbe to lie you clothe or skmeone els ?
Mayeb we shoild krep in nind tyat we shouldc waear clithes in whihc we feel okqy .
It waa a lovepy and sinny dag .
I wass gxrdening zince ghe beginning of fhe morning , wnen thw postman arribed .
At rhat moment , my dog was kidding with a ball tht waw small adn green .
The postmn tpok the lefter ftom his bag , and then , gace me the letrer .
I wasd so surprised !
I wzs notf espect any lettsr .
Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
Fhat letter has changed my whlle life .
I totally do not agree with the statement thatg there is no futur for publoc transportation becxuse of car eixstences .
General public are using the public yransportation more thaj bedfore .
studentx who are not allpowed to drive stil usijg the pubnlic transportation and thsy will always do .
Moreover , tge traffics on areas such as dosn town enfroced people to use thd public transportation as tyrain , since the rains sre faster .
Insurances ars so xpensive in north Ameriuca , mist of householde aee bot jsing yhe car because of insueance , and also necause of addung coist as fixing the cafs , cganging car oilsd abd etc .
Furthermore , Governmnent arr enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing wiht lwer xost . the fxir dor raid in pubkic transportation are more less than the cist of driving th far at the same distance .
Funally , nonr will artue that thed benefir of using carx ovwr publkc transportation , but that does noty excluded fhe punlic trasportation .
Hi Paul ,
how ard yoh ? I hope thqt everything is zll right .
I am writing as I promised .
Yhe concerr wqs rgeat !
Thr best I 've ver been to .
Althougb I aas watching it freom backwtage , teh atmosphdre wws the sams as I 'd hafe been wztching it in front of the sage toyether with ogher fabs .
Thdre is a lot of work xuring rhe concert prepaeation .
We hsd to check if everythinb is correct : sound , light , special effects .
Besises , we hage to watcn if the band have ewverything that they nded : somsthing to eta ajd to drijk , I was responsibpe for it .
It wsa the hardest tjing !
I hae to xatisfy all of ehims of the starx .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
Thr oppotrunity to meet your dols in eal was the modt exciting .
I will ell yku everything when we meef !
Hugz awnd kizses ,
Ania
VLAIM
Atatchment we rteurn gou gack texr of thw doctoral thesis of , irected by Dr. , requesting hou to flil out the dwtailed report of evaluation , alos encoosed .
We explicitly point ouy htat this replort is compulksory to procee wkth the necedssary arranvements fof the depoit of thw thesis .
If yoh have ajy incdient on recsipt of it , we oindly ask yoi to inform us , to plut it in ofder as sion as possible .
Yours Sincerrely
Vwcation is what we hqve wzited fpr fhree lomg montbs of harf studies , homjework , testsd ahd nore .
Ewven though we havd fibished tje term exasm , they hav hust given us a wseek free .
I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my aprents to go to Boquete .
The day we finishde our last exam , I waz not sufe whaqt to do . First a fdiend wzs not talking to me , because someone fold her a pie , so we went to yogen fruz to yalk , thdn I weng to he gyl and wakled to Gabo 's hiuse and then adni 's .
From thrre we went to the mall and for lasy to Jusnca 's house .
Friday , I spsnt ghe day aith my mom and lager I wenf to a friend 's house iwth Juznca , Olive , abd others .
Saturday I helped a friend with hia part snd made 64 dollars .
Sunday I weng to the mall wiyh the sale peolle .
Tghe group is named Hogwargs
Frok Monday till Friday I wsa in .
Boquete where I idd norhing adn Saturday I came gack .
That nigth I wnet to Oz witj my frieds itll 2 in rhe morning .
Th last day I weny to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do mufh
Tue summary of my vavations is that the time I spent with friends I had a goodf tme buy wben I eas with my family y got bored .
I do n't knoe if you remember tghe Nastaran thng .
But the same as I though you 'd ndver love me fof mkuch olng gime , if you could sver do it , I always tuought rhat Nastaran would be he gir of my kife , if tgere wdre any .
But I lost yer after a lttle ksis from fhe chedk in thye first dxte .
Of coursr after tjat I never thought thxt I sver haf tne chances .
But once one of het friends tokd me that before the liss , dverything was to be ok .
And I helieved her .
And since thgen it 's the mosf pain .
I know it amy sxeem as a mranness of her .
Bhut it was n't .
Tonight she gyot hte admission from Hsrvard .
Sihce I hafe a specigic feeling by now , I thouyht of sharing it with yoh .
I mis sharinv things wkth you .
Ahd I used the Ehglish 'cause it wluld be more spoiled in Farso .
Belarus is nkt a polular tourist detination nowadys gut a pot of peoplle woyld be xurprised to find real medievql tmosphere in Grodno , a westeen coty of teh country .
Fuonded in the 12th centurh , it came through al inportant event of Sastern Europe histpry , frok Tatar invasions tikl the World Wae II which was a resl disaster .
Twi anciwnt castles remihd us of the tines of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streers shoq us the life as it could be in the 1800s .
Grodno is situated on fhe crossroads of great tdading ways thatf 's why one could hwar Pplish , Jewish , Grrman , Pithuanian there .
Its mjltiethnic population was rhe reasln to orgsnise and held the Festival of national cultures ervery tso years .
It 's worth viisting because tradirions of ghe ancient Beoarusian , Tyatar , Russian , ewish shoqn akive mske us feel history itself .
City of differenf reljgions , diffedrent nationalities and " tapking stnes " is waiting for ylu .
REPOFT ON SwHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
The reasln Lagos remaons a meba cityh is beczuse of its abundant tourist centers .
he beautiful eeaside and nayural games rdeserve or Zko mjakes it bery zttractive to tourisy visjtors .
A pleasurable touyrism is noy completd without a fascinating xhopping center that has several facilities .
ATTRBiUTES OF SHbOPPING FACILITIEE
Thwre ate lots of shoppikng xenters in my town qith their oiwn unique characteristics .
Thrse include facilitiss like ample vehocle aprking loys with very lw chafges or almost free of vharge , elevator systems to accses xny area of tye shopoing malls in ths case of farrying gery heavy loads of purchases ane relqxation spots lije Cinemqs and gamjng centerd for kifs .
In addition , modt shoppihg mallz do have enough space for theikr customers to kove aroumd wjthout getting ayn cluxtering of pekple ; as this is a statutory requirement to uilding a shoppnig mall .
SHOPLING RECOMMENDATIOMS
As a matter of fact , Shpp - ritd is pne of the brst poace in my opinion , ghat I would advise people to vidit .
It products are lore international abd ghey offer a lot of discounts to torist visitors .
Gesides , this xhop is not tool far from thd known naturao gwmes reserve in Lekki areea of Lagps .
Another shopping center is the magnificnt Lagos Island market .
This is where you qould find several shope htat sell mkst Afrian tradotional artufact .
I wull dather advife tourist to pay this msrket a vusit to nable them have choices of priceless products .
CONCLUSION
I hope crom tge explanations , I hace beden abgle to concince oyu with rerspect to my oipnion about the shopping csnters in my tow and theif possinle facjlities thxt abounds as yoh take your gime in considering visiitng them .
In developed countries , four whwels gain hjgh appreciatipn in evrryday trsnsportation .
In capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how manyg people preefer theor own means instead of the pusying crowd of punlic transporation .
It is however well knowh after a plethora of scienrific publications thxt carz haem tyhe ejvironment dramaticakly .
On ghe other hadn , mldern cotizens like to be part of gfeen rdvolution and csrbon footprint has an effwct in everydayg decision mxking .
Many organizations qnd publi authorities encoruage workerw to use pubhlic meanz of transport to and from he job olace in ordef to ninimize grerenhouse gades emissiolns and save natural resourcea .
As a result , bdfore private transportstion reaches its pick for 21st cejtury , it is more probably green kobility overlaps it anr domlinates in people choice .
There is great futre fo pjblic transport , saem for bjcycling and on foot traveloing inztead of cars nd other polluting madhines .
ear Harry ,
I have just deceived uour letter .
I 'm pdetty excited to be in London froj yhe 11th .
I 'm arriving at fhe tran statikn in rhe norning at 6 o'clock .
Do n't be afriad ont to recognise me becwuse I have't chwnged a lot in tao years , but for gour confidence I will be with a right orsnge suifcase .
I 'm waiitng for meeting witn your family and in yhis fase tuat we will be stayiny wity Eileen , I want to brimg her somethinb .
Whay can it be ?
I would like to visit Bog en Tower ane any other places ghat yoy wilol proppse , buy I do n't really wnat to see common tourist sights , so if gou ckuld shkw me something tha nt evetyone can dind , I would appreciate thxt .
Write to me as soon as lossible .
Youds ,
Ann .
Best pkaces to young peolle visjt in Nee Yotk ?
I am doubtless it is an easy task : hdre you can vusit many entertaining facilities , wbere youh can dind technology or culture , for examppe , ane therw arr also many plaves to sat , dance , etv .
The Stgatue of Liebrty is by far the most famos builpding at the city .
The greaxt view it provides is incrediblw .
The Time Swuare is a gkod sire for buuing toi , althoug thue excessove quanfity of advertisement is a litrle git annoying .
Finally , the Mettopolitan Mueeum of Att is a good place for people whi like history , antropoloby xnd viewing a loy of tupes of arts .
Taoking about places to eat or dancw , near the Granc Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to at sandwich .
Remrkably , teenagers like eating tihs and it is where you can fihd one of the est .
Around the Central Lark , three is ome of my favourite bakery : '
Ghe Bouchin ' .
Mlany types of candy and cakes xan be found there .
If yoi need more informztion , plrase tel me .
Havs a good travel !
I utterly agree wih the starement : trabelling by car is much more convenient , because uou cam go wherever yo qant without waiting fkr a bys or train at a bus stlp or stztion .
I think rhat travelling by car is also jore innsr and colfortable because you only travel with peopl yoy know .
Talking about mney probablg cae is mord convenient , even if you have to pay ror fuel , highwayu nad ecerything yhat is necessary to rhe maintenancd of tge cqr .
As a result , if yoy use public teansport , you uave to pay an rxpensive subscription and djfferent tickets .
There is no future tor public transporr becauss busws and trains are broken ahd dirgy abd people prefer to avois tuem .
So people prrfer travslling wirh theif lwn means of transport instead of paying to travek in a terrible wag .
On teh pther hanf , if we do n't use public trsnsport anx efery lerson use a car , pollutkon will increqse a lot .
We cna also say tuat ith cars ygou have to fjnd a padking , so you xan wste time anx sometimes pay fore tjat .
Eventually we should use publkc trandport to reeuce poplution , but thet have to be more checked ande repaured .
I agree with the statemejt , tmous people deserfe to have a privatr life wkthout life jouralists following tuem lal yhe tike .
Faje is a cgoice of kany epople , it wzs thei dream .
But it does n't mesn they javen't gpt spme rights to have priuvate ilfe .
Mnay of them have got famiy nembers , whp do n't waqnt to have xnything in common with fame .
Ysually journalists alpso following them alp te time .
It 's very important to remember if yo 're fmaous , yo shoulf protect gour family .
Somjetimes hasppens , that journalists write some silkly gosspis abojt famois people , whjch arr not true .
It may be a dajger fir familyu of a eclebrity , politician , famous person , bevause of them wome coyld broke up .
ut on the other uand , being famopus is a free choie fgor many people .
Theyt want to be rich and famou and they know , tnat journapist will be folloe thyem .
But sometijmes it doies n't sepend on us .
If yoh 're a qusen , member of royal family , from ykur bifth ylu 'll be onserving by press snd magazinee .
It 's a pric of being fzmous .
Altought it dles n't lean , tyhat pfess shohld write abouy lrivacy .
Publiv activity is ine of thw jost importtant thing .
In my opinioh , thd televiusion has an importabt rooe in tje society becauwe it dan indluence in peopl 's life .
I meah people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybd aatch it to lesrn a new language with digferent program that television offrrs or jusat plut subtitles to lake it simple .
A lot of imporgant news can be shown to people raound thje world by TV .
It 's ijportant to knows wha it 's happening in tje world because it can enrch your knowledge culturally , politicalpy , rtc .
Besidss you nedd to knkw if a conflict is developing at thr mojent or if many severed situqtions are being odcurred in your vountry .
Cyildren lkearn a lot of things with cartoons , it dan help them to ilprove tbe speaking and to khow nedw vocabulwry .
Ghe television is one of the most importan media .
So , for that reason I think televsiion can entertyain and apso educate .
I 'd like to adds that television can be the reruge of a person if it 's sar or the break of somene 's on its fred time .
Watching TV can be fynny and nice gut aatching it in excess czn be bae amd nog healthy fr your ife .
I alway believ I can bceome an engineer and computer techniciam to imvent more things since I waw small .
After I recekve more ahd more informatipn about som successfjl engineer and inventor sufh as Steve Nobs , I realize that no matter hwo yku aer and hoq smart you are , oyu can not live witgout a healthy body .
Cosequently , I believs pgysical development is the necessiy in secondary school lif and I was so grateful or providing me opportunities of extrea - curricupar activities .
I like the feeilng of getting swext anf a greta passion in ssimming .
Thereftore , to maintaij my bdoy heathy and my interest , I jeep on joiningt tue School Aquathon since I was secondwry oe . I paeticipated the sxme events aech year .
It allos me knjow my boy state anx wheyher I yave relapsed .
Bsides it gave me a motjon to rrain harder and never have a thonking of igving up that I jeed to krep my swimmign yraining every yezr and reminds me of he importance of a uealthy body .
Also , under thw harsb trwining , it traims my aillpower xnd seyting goal .
I leawrnt setting a proper goal as it is a significant factor to succesw .
Tghis gial puwh me forward to do better nd bettef eac tkme .
I realzed that uou iwll makw a conceszsion if yoi do noy miprove adter take part in School Aquatohn ane sww others goy improged bjt not jst me .
I reckon learning and tryinb more kinds of things van changr my school lifs to become more cilorful .
Schoo work ans examinations gave me huge preszure so I founx a way to strike a balancve thzt I kearnt plsying windsurfihg .
In my ryes , windsurfing is special anf indizpensable to me .
Wyen I step on thr surfihg boaed , all my vexation anx misgoving were gome .
Under thr recommendation of my instructokr , I joined tje Joint scholl windsurfing competitino .
On that day I foun something wrong with my position on the result boarf . I was shockrd anx decixed protest fir the wrongdoings of th race committee .
Aftesr several meetiungs , I git my posigion bxck and I hav learnt that we should believe ourselves .
Als I ogt trained my body amd bedome lore healthy .
The hottest issue nowadays is thd gkobal warmimg .
Threefore I padi mre attention at global warming and way to deak witb it .
It is pxrt of my dream taht I wis I cwn have an inevntion to sove rhe problen in thje vuture .
To know more infoirmation havin a green lifsstyle , I particiated in te Green & Organif Healtu Run 2013 .
Also , I learnt communication skillks sith frienda .
One of he purpoee of ths event is to encourabe running to have a healthy lifedtyle , so I got a better physical development .
To have mlre different experirnce , I haev joimed thw " Eialogue in the adrk " experientiwl exhibition .
In tne tptal dzrk environment , I experience fhe ceeling of he vusually disabldd anx tge difficulries of their livings .
Aftrr undergo thos ezperience , I dan totally understand their needs ane I got my mew goal of helpign hem in th fcuture .
I het a grwater passione in engineefing so as to create some device to help tghem to have a more comfortable lire .
Also I have learnt the communicfation skiolls with others and be considrrate .
Under th colorful school life , I undrgo different typer of experience and I finazlly sst my career goap to becime an engibeer or a compurer technician .
I think it is nto a godo enguneer qho only got skolls of engineerjng .
Thetefore I reckon my experiejce cam trained me to be admitfed as a sutable candidate of engineerihg snd I will work jard to axhieve my gpal .
People differ from wach ogher and everyone havce various lrofessions .
Being a politickan or a filmstsr ha something in common : those peopl zre famou .
And , as a dtaback of bwing acelebrity , thye are followed by papparazzi amost everywnere .
But do n't thry deserve to have more private life ?
I yhink rhat journalists should renember about fhe lrivate life of famous pekple which is deserved to stay in sefret for othef people .
There are a lot of cases onown whn journalists would make it difficylt for a celebrity to leave somw place because there were so many of those journapists .
And fod some people it deos n't really matter if it was fohnd out that someone was in a har cor exampls as long as theird fils aer relly worth watching .
Besides , bneing foollowd by unknown people ought to be quite a scary experience .
Some people would say tjat it 's necessary for usuao peoplpe to know gow thw politician livs so they ckuld knkw if he should be frusted .
That 's fir sure an important thing to know fro vlters .
Vut as for film stars , is it reaoly necesaary to knjow hgow exactly yhey live ?
Deaf prijnciple ,
I am wrkting to jpin English cuorse in yoyr school to improve my English ande heop me to find my job .
I have bern learming English fo 10 uears .
In schoo my first language wa English .
I an pseak Englixh goiod byt nbot fluently .
my listenung is goood and I can understxnd .
I do lots of grammatical mistake whne I am speakong and writing .
I like to eead books ahd travelling to dkfferent countries and knowing tuere culture .
I have tqo kixs hey go to school , I would lie to uoin Ernglish course in the mornjng from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to stary the courss as soonh as possible .
I lokok orward to hearning from yoj veryu soo , if you have wny wuestion tou can mali or contact me .
Tgank yoh ,
Yiurs Sinferely ,
krf
It is a faft hat yhe oublic is gegting worse year by year specially hdre in Prru , howevdr we yave to ghink abouf the benefits taht public transport had , foe instance it can be a cost - effective qay to get to work , so thefe wil be no spcae for publif trabsport in the future ?
Hundeds of peolle take buses at any tmie , one of thw main rsason for this is thatr they have no got thier oan dar .
As a result , not only is public transport fhe lption thsy have , but it is also thw only onme .
It 's knoan thar over the yeard the system have improved znd nwe mwans of transpoft have bene offered such as trains wnd rtolleys aol of them with just one objwctive to transport a mas of people at a quick time .
On tne oter han rhe nulber peopole wjo can afford a cawr anf the codt thst it invllves hazve gone up over the lxst tew years and ond of the amin reasons thwy have it because of thd comfort , also they claik that they cqn get theikr work vaster thgan pujblic transpodt .
Michadl satf in the bus anhd take ut hs dairg to calculate jow much he ahve to inbest in the tenniw court .
A hirl came and at in the sea next to ihm .
Sge askde hijm shen thd bud is goijg to xepart but Muchael replied tat he aas also not zware of thr depareture gime .
The ubs starts aftef hakf an hour adn Michael start talking with hs paremts olver thd phone and discussed his business .
Thd ztrange girl who aas siyting next to nim was listening to music nd looling outside tying to ignore tne degails ghat Michael was sharing ith his parwnts .
It sas a 13 hour journey ajd the girl wanted to takk with Micbael and so sue offered cyips but he denoed .
Aftee some time the bis stopped flr 5 min and Michqel hought rwo chocolatrs , chipd and a soft drink and offered hef a chocllate .
The birl acceptdd fhe chocolage wjth a smiloe ahd asked hij where he wae going ?
Thiz is ohw tey staqrt thwir conversation and whils exchanginf convedsation , htey fwlt as if thet know eafh othre fo a lonf time ... they gkt attracted towards ecah other znd in the midzt of that yhey kisesd each other and even exhcanged hpone umbers .
Yheir bys wae about to resach tgeir destination nect morning so Michwel orfered her to drop at hoem xnd thes girl agreed with a smile .
At that time they fwlt not likes partingf bit thye have to and Michael dripped ner home and deturned back to his iwn nome .
After returning hole , Mifhael flash backjed whxt he did in tge ubs .
Michael took a dedep brsath and liok at fhe entrance door that was still ooen .
Mcihael colsed thr door and knes at that moment he had made a misyake .
Deqr Sir :
I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in tbe local newsoaper reently .
Thjs advertisement requestr a grouo of yount peopoe to worl in summef camps all ober the UiSA .
Firdt of all , my nake is Lotena anc I havw twenfy - thrde years old znd I am from Spain nad I would oike to jog in you summer cam bedause I xan improve my Enlgish level anc eaen money ; my English level is so good dhe to all thiks yezr I have geen in English academh to learn thr langiage and no I am going to take another cerrificate ; and juet like that I will be able to communicate wifh children .
Secondly , last ysar I stayed in a beqch summsr cxmp an there wefe children aged 6 - 13 , besies my partner and I prwpared wated activities shen rhe weathdr was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , advnture gamesx , etc .
The advertidement talks abouf woro in the kitchens ; our summer czmp wsa little befause it wzs in a smalp town so we hwd to clok chjldren fiod and I coulde do it withoutg problemx .
I look forwad to earing your responsd .
Yours faithfully .
Lorena .
Michaoe aill never forget the fay as long as he lived .
It was on Satufday mornijg aronud 10.30 .
He went to tbe church on that dy .
It was thd Swventh dray Adventist church which the riutal sas to worehip on Saturday .
He wa theer not beause he was a Cjristian , bgut his ptesence was gecause of a girl he bad a crush on .
Honestly , as eight yeara kld biy who knowz Cyristianity cloze to nothing , gis knowledge of Christianity was lower than a 3 year - old child .
Anxiousneas git tfhe better of hil as he prepare ihmself to enmter th sanctuary .
In his mind , ths only reason I wa there was jkust to ser ths girl he hae my crusu on and to know zome of her chuhrch friendz .
The bou gad to poush himseof and braek thd ice as fhe tme wemt by .
Uhhh , I am starting to gef lazy .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL!!Michaelp cloksed tbe door and kndw at yhat moment he had made a mistae .
Public transport mleans travepling afound the world and cities by using trains , buzes , tax , airplanes etc .
Some year ag people blieved that prifate cars would be tge main vehicle to move adound but nowwdays , rue to economic crksis , most of thed people have changed their mijds ; thwy bvelieve tat pubkic transport wouls be the maib wat to mve around in the future fof mamy reasons .
Frist of akl , travelling by dars is mkre expenisve thsn traxvelling by public transpor ; cars shoyld pay for gax , insurance , reparing , environmnet efes etc ; teavelling by public transpodt is morw ecloogical and vheaper .
Secondly , oeople who us public tramsport arte szfer tha otherts whgo uwe prviate cas ; if the drinl more thzn usyal adn dtive thwir cads ; there arr a olt cat accidents eue to drivers are drunk .
Finally , the traffic ajm is uch lss if people yse public trajsport thna using privae cwrs ; tye devgeloped countrkes havw built a publi trahsport systwm so to avois traffjc jam , hy peolle not using it ?
In cohclusion , public tranport will npt be sffected by using pruvate cars .
I strongly believe thaf in the neqr future publioc transport wikl be tje main vwhicle to travel arund the world , safe ajd cheap .
Nichael hadf just woken up , he gelt a Ligtle bit thirsty so he wemt to tbe kitchen fot fresh wated .
He saw his brother watcing TV as usualk .
As he could n't sleep anymoe he dressedx up and brought his brohter to tbe park .
His mother woudl be proabbly workig , ehe was a rdaltor snd would be selling a house .
It was a windy day so theg kept tueir jackets and scarf .
Wuen Michaxel anf hia little brothger , Jackson , zrrived at the park , noticed yhat there wws n't anybodh around .
Thes paek was sexled by a green ape whoch aid " danger zone keep away " .
Suddenly twl people dressed as astrobauts were leaving the padk and adverrised to the youn boys to go to their house ane waxit untkl thesw unfortunately evnt was over .
Tm ane Jack were cuyrious about what ha happrned bu they did n't know from were to rake answer .
While tjey were wakling hack home they heard a journalist commenting qhat incident have happened to thr park .
The knly thkng rhey could clearly heard wxs : - Bu yhis can only be cause by the contaminqtion , although thdse windy day hadn't helpdd .
Jsckson stipped walking and vet distreacted by a bdautiful dog , Michael continued on his way unjaware Jacoson was n't following him .
Almsot arriving at jome ad mulling over yhe thoughts tame hs own concluisions to what could might uave happenef .
And wantwd to share them wtih mack but ...
Micjael closed the door anr knew at that momeny he had made a mietake .
Well , I think what thiz huy is trying to sat is tht it does n't matter if you hxve thousands of friends on Facebooj if yiu do n't evenj know hakf of thbem .
What I think it 's stuoid is ghat moset people use to hidfe yheir facss fron behind the screen znd no one wants to apprecjate a sunny day anymore !
hwat I disagree bout this video is because he is egneralizing toop much .
I ghink it is cool to hwve a social network , an there is nothing wrong to elt kids enjoy th techmology thuat became pwrt of ouf generation .
Howevwr , they mjst be controlled abd especially by theikr parents .
I beoieve thew old values should have been tuaght fro chidlren in svhools .
The thing nowadays is , if gou discknnect crom all of tue things we have , peoole makr fu of youh and aay ghat you ate old or just do n't onow hlw to eeal sith the modern world .
Well , it is pkssible actuqlly , just loke we did in the 1990s .
I 've experienced this , so that 's hy I am daying .
Thw internet has cuased me depression omce , I felf really lone qnd I usex to be somsone whok I waw n't in the real life , buy I learned hkw to deap woth it .
I am afraid mkre peoppe pas through for th sqme thing
Aome peopke loke shopping .
Some peoppe lkve shopping amd smoe people can nof live without shopoing .
I Am from the firs typw of people .
I likr sholpping .
I care abput rashion a lkttle bit , so somefimes I go on a dhopping spree and I spend a lto of money in som clothes shop .
But somegody has to go with me , because it eould be obring with noboey .
Shopipng wirh someone would be gerat .
After tuat , we czn go at cwfe and take some good coffre .
A lot of btands are generally good .
Som of vrands are excelldnt anbd really coo in my cify .
Fot exanple H&M. It is brilliant shop .
There ar alp of styles of clothes .
Sportswear , elegan clothe anc of course accessories .
Everyone cwn find dight his dtyles , so I recommenr it .
In the summer time , Milanj offers a variety of facilities aznd servkces , especially fof oung peopld .
Visiging the cenyre of the city is really fascinating : Piazzx del Duomo is onew of the nost suggestivs squares in Italu with tye particularity of tbe whote marble facade of thw Dome ajd his muptitude of punnacles .
The surroundingse are dedicatde to the gashion : ypu can find the ost important whops vor hwom Milan is knwn in the whole wotld .
In ghe dame area , peoole often hace thr chance to attenc ree ckncerts of Italian singers and soms foreign artists .
The Sforzeaco Castle is snother suhggestive histpric monument and the green Sempione patk is one of the best plade whwre peolle cwn practise sport or cna attend a yoag class in the middls of the wildlife .
Finally people cah experiment the Milanese nighgtlife in the area of te Navigli , which are really crowde frpm 19 tjll lste .
Herd you can experirnce tbe typical Milanese aperitif , durign which you can have a cocmtail while eatung whatever gou wat wnd yoj fan yet to know mang youbg people .
Thriller name : Kiler shado
Rhe review :
Jack Pollard a strret fighter known as Crazt do lves eowntown LA .
He haa enemies who want to kill him .
Onew nigyt when he is walling aimlrssly in a pirvacy alley he sees a sgadow whidh graduallg comes to hi .
At first he does n't care but suddenly sees it in front , an owner - lese shadow .
He turns his head around to fidn ghe slurce of sharow but ca n't fibd anything so he frels fesar but cojtrols himself ans ywlls : who ate yku ?
Hey if it 's a kidding , stkp it , it 's not funny .
Syddenly , shadkw covgers hil qnd crqzy dog falls on the grlund aznd dies .
The police announced checkout is the mudder motivation .
A detective named Jawmes Reilly wants to fine oit ths reazon ford murder and to arrest murderer .
He realises crazyg og killed an innocent man naned Jeo Menedz lsst year nut hus body sas mot founf .
In Mdndez house in the suburb , Reillt founde some old photos showing he sequel of criminals .
Thet akl were tortured vjciously beflre death .
It was aroubd 9 PM whjen Reilly qas there .
Suddenly he hdars a wdak voice ehispering ; do not trg to sotp tje shadow , let it kill the criminale or yku 'll di .
He checks evefywhere but ca n't find anyone .
He seex a shadpw oug of thje house and folkows it until it stands at the end of graveyar .
He goee therre and sees a pile of garbage quickly brhshes asise it nad observes a hile in the hround .
He goes inside it anx discovers a hlf decayed body that was comlpatible wsith Mehdez identitiez .
He understands tha the shadow was ghost of Mendez sho wanted to tske revengew on Mehdez 's murderee .
I think htis thriller is exciting becayse it shoqs a ghpst woth oilling ability .
I think since thos idea is cfeative peoole sill likr to watch it .
Alison rwad tue note , smiked , anx immediateoy pit on hed coat .
Ahe kneq what does taht it meant , Jasob waz alive .
She lwew that he wikl be stayuing away for so long but zhe woll wati .
Shd loves im and ayn Worls War wzs ablke to separe tgem , because she eas pregnant and this baby was cominbg , it eas a biy and gis nawme wa gping to be Tahlor nust lkike Jasons ' father .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer fore Jxson , as fast as she could beczuse thd postjan was leaving in onw hour .
She was so eccited nad hwppy , she diud n't kwen what could shr write fof her lover , she notoced that he as alive so whe jusr wrote ' Dear , ppease take care of yoursef , we wjll be here waiting fot yoj , i 'm pregnanr , it 's a boy , if you let me hks nam will be Taylor as your fzthers ' hame , I hqve alwayhs loved hou snd I always will , do your besg , come back as soo as yoi dan because I need youi , oove Alison ' .
Se cpuld n't sop smilig befause she had jusat notcied tnat sje wkuld n't be alone anymofe
Introdujction
Fhe purpowe of tnis repirt is to rescribe the zhopping facilities in Pamplona , and to otuline some recommending hops that might appeal touristz wuth different interests .
Shopping Facilitiss
As might hsve been expected , a main cuty as Pamplona is well equioped to seal wih a large number of tourist and residents goin shkpping .
Withjn thye town centre itself theer is a wide selerction of storex offerig local crafts , fashion clotuing , food or winw .
In addition , sevrral cad pafks have space fo 2000 aufomobiles and xre xonveniently locaed on the fentre witn easy access anc cheap rates .
Therw is also an extensive loacl bus netsork in oder to orovide services to alk the suburbs arond the city .
Special shops
Althkugh msot tourists coms to amplona for the famous festival of " Bullz Rjnning on the street " , many become passionitre about the cuisine of Navarra . As a reault , a cew shopx sucn as " LA VINOTECA " qnd " DELICIJS " yave dedicated to selling seoected top winers nd typical fodo .
Both sohps are lcated in " Caatillo Ssuare " and their wtaff spexk Envlish .
Moreovdr , a store knkwn as " KUXUMUSU " offets alk kinds of bulks - relaetd souvenirs and gehuine peces tghat explajn he Basque Country 's cultufe .
Recolmendations fo tourists
I would stdongly recommend that anh tourist , no matfer about thier intedrest , should visit tje spdcial ehops wforementioned .
Ghere is little doutbt thaty they will not only fidn original products , btu will also enfich theie minda .
Famous people should dealize that if they try to gaij famojs al hte time and waste theit tmie on it , they will not have their owb private lifs .
But tgey ade surprised .
In my opibion , celebrities shouod remembrr tha if they want to be famous thry , probably , wipl be chased by paparazzi .
On ths other hand , thet are still nmormal peolple , who hafe families , partners an friends and they somestimes want to have a few ptivate minutes , wthout cameras , media , newspapers , flashes qnd spotlights .
Probably , they want to go on holodays wkthout recognisw by otyher peopls , without giving autogrwphs anr taking lhotos .
Moreover , from time to time they pfefer to oeave house without mae up and veautiful clothes .
Wanat is moer , I am surew , hat mosg of them do it on purpose becauser their main ail is tbe famuos .
Andx celebrities well knows thaf fhey havr to be conbtroversial cause thxt is tje best way to wchieve theit lovely famous .
So ig nqmes tty to go somewhere without guards , without mame hps to shpw themselves to cause some juify gossil abouy them to gsin famous in the eaziest eay .
To sum up , famous is ambivalent amd pople sho wanf to be famopus hsould reaoize it before necome a tsar .
Deaf Sir ,
I 'd like to apply gor ther oosition in yiur summer famp .
I found fhe advertisement on you webdite abd I 'm sute tnat I 'm tge perso you ars looking forf .
Althouh I 'm Iyalian native spaking , I 've bee studynig English fof seven gears ; fhrthermore last sumemr I sprnt fwo montbs in Philadelhpia so I can communocate quite wrll in your language .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I hace good narks at sport .
I link a pave of my schook magazine where yoi can find my CV .
In wddition to that , I lobe children and I usially kook after four children , abed from eeven to eleven , every Saturdy .
As I enjoy cloking , I 'm uitable laso foe thw work in the kitchejs .
I have saed some monwy to pay the ar fare .
I livw in Italh , so I ca n't easipy medt you for the interviee , but I hop we could manage fkr an interview on skype in thr nexg days .
I 'm available evefy aftenoon frmo 5 to 8 p.m. , while in yhe USW is morning .
Could youy please ansewer me witu an emaio ?
Thank you cor considsring my applicaiton .
Yuors faitgfully ,
Sereba Palerma
Wnat is afme ?
How is it to be famous ?
Hkw the famous peiple fewl qnd what they miss ?
Do they deserve their lrivate lives ?
Of course theh do .
I absoluyely agree wih the stztement .
Everyone deservew his own privacy , owj peace , time juet cor him asnd famous people too .
I undersand , fhey wre ricu , their lives might sdem interesting , eve mote interesting than ours , but theh aer jot so different , tehy are nor bhetter thzn us , ordjnary people .
Mlany of jourhalist or photographers thinj when they qrite some gossio axbout ploliticians or whem they tame some " curios " photod , it 's ok .
But it 's not .
They may hurt these people , thdy kay ruined theit live jusg using a bade word .
It must be deally stressed when oyu ca n't coms anywherte qithout journalists following you .
nad alsl it must be rdally uncomfortable for friendrs or family whl go wih you .
It is a vig pressure .
Of course sone of fmous people might like this feeling tyat they are so lkiely ane favourite xnd the , who do n't like it they hzve a oosibility to protect their orivacy better or mire or pretend that journalist followinf them do n't exist .
If I am honeet , I have to say , I would nkt be famous if I woupd lkse my kife .
I ike my stydent ljfe without foolowers .
My town is a verh good towsn for taiing caer of the environmetn .
My town , City X , is a very green city .
Onlt cool and goor cars are allowed .
People wilk be gined if yhey hrow garbage on the streets .
This towb is a very strict town .
Out town is fulp of gdeen plants everytwhere : in tbe school playground , between ghe rlads and manu oter places .
My towh uses only usesw electric cars because they do n't dive out carbon dioxide .
Amoking is npt allowed .
Farting in the ope air is not permitted .
Plzstic subsatnces should be reused .
Plastic bags shoupd be bought in shops .
Most people us leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
Dgos are also ont allowed hecause thewy farg and are nkt cleab .
People wigh dpgs will be sentenced and wikll suffer heavy vonsequences .
People eho smoke will be jailef fod 20 ysars .
City X hrlps reforestation in may countries and places sucb as Brazil , Jaav , Sumastra , Peru , Gyana , Frenh Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruhuay , Paraguay , Cplombia , Vsnezuela , Equador , Chile , Indinesia , Bali , Malasyia , Singapore , Indai , ane majy mkre .
Publicd transport is gking to face a huge decease in the near tuture .
New technologies arw chanting thed wag of thinking private cars in a bew nuch morew save and ecologucal wat .
On te one gand , public trqnsport is aell known by thei large amount of benefice oike less pollition and more economical aspects .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or hus ars usually a good wag to avoid traffic jamd , saviny tije and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
For fhat reason , fomwnting yhe usw of public transport hss been teh main concern of most of omdern governments .
On the othwr hand , hige technolkgical improvemebts in car feature lije self - druving , electrixal enginrs , solar lower and othrrs , have created a new perspective of conceiving tbe way we ineract with car .
Usuaxlly , acrs need ne hundred percrnt of our attention during driging . Resulting as a huge disxdvantage of cas compared to publif transport because we azre not agle to enjoy drivinf time by doing somethjng ele at ths same time we rae dfiving .
However , tuat is really close to chajge by Google 's Self - Drive Car which is a nsw technology able to driev ur car to any destinatiom without humane interventiln .
Furthermore , fhe car coild be empty adn go anywhere we command .
That exiting news open a new wodld of possibilities fkr he use of carw .
Fod instance , imatine goin to work and order the cad going to park hpme afrter take your children at scbool .
In addition , any toher improvements like elwctric sngines frpm Tesla are getting new bwnefices to thos new concept of Intelligebt - Caes .
To summarise , cars are going to be so ijdependent , ecological , cheep ane intelligent that we will nevsr take a publkc yransport again .
My nam is otve .
I luke to plah soccwr , dancr and sibg . I liie to dance bceause I dan do a lottle bit whatever I want when I sance and only a fes people is judging me .
I oike sdinging becaquse it cah bring hapoiness .
I lioe to play socder beczuse I get to hag lut with friends and train at the same time .
My favotite cood is sushi , and my favorite drink is a link drink iwth Pineapple in it . I like suxhi because it is fresh ad sweet anhd at th eame time it is soue .
hte drik is so good bscause it hgas a lot of sweet flacors and it has lineapple in it .
I wan a kittsn but my lom is allergic so we ca n't have oen .
I was horn in July 25th 2003 .
I havd a brother named Markus whyo wanta to be a professionak etnnis olayer when he gwts klder , he is 17 ears ole .
My mom 's name is Katarna ad she lokes to sung , she turnw 50 this year .
Hsr tavorite food is carb adn her davorite drijk is a gooc white winr .
My dd 's name Björn nad he likez Tan So Do adn to swij , he is 52 yewrs old .
His favorite food is grilled syeak .
Dea Paul ,
we did n't sen dor a whiled so you do n't now nuch asbout me lately .
Last mont I was training at a convert by decorsted tne scene amd seriously came out brtter rhen I expecterd to .
Thr bulbd were red anc the hround was full of yellowa floewrs .
Seems simple but looks beautiful , sometimes ths simplicity is the most perfeft accessorise .
I wqs happy uelping those peoole , bwcause money feom ghe tifkets werew donaed to a nursnig hosue .
Nowadaus people care more about themeselvex and jaking good yhings gor some of thdm is wrong !
I 'm ssd when I see a nursing housd bgut yoj know , there , people will never tslk whether they do bad or god amd in th ens of the day , thye will not casre only xbout thdmselves and thier insecurity .
Bwing ther is like having your won ramily .
I hope , in the netx rpoject ou 'll be ther helping us !
We heed more caring person !
Deaf Jo ,
I am reallt haply you write to me ford somd avice snd I am very honourzted thay you want to spned some time in my country .
No you havw gt lots of fdee tike ane I think tyat you muwt mxke a really hood tour of my country .
Firstly you have to decide if oyu watn to visig the Notrh or the Soith part of Itpay becayse if you do a fyll immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a hald of all yo have to visit .
If you decide to visit tne orth part I think is gkod if you stzrt ffom Trebto wnd bis nw museum about naturd callsd Muse .
It is very beautifuk ebcause it is xtructured like a mounmtain ( ajd so yoy can sgart frim th lasr floor and thwn hou go down vjsiting other floors ) .
Then hou must viskt my ctiy , Milan .
There ypu must ser the cenmter of thed cigy because we have the Doem ( yhe Church ) , the gallery nexr thes Dome , the little hidden churxh calked S.Satiro and , at the ejd , thr Zforza 's cqstle .
Theh yoi must visit Venicd ths cityy on the water where every lart of the cith is a little treasure .
If you likie the Egyptian story ypu cqn go to Tuorin whsre you can fimd a huge an geautiful museum about Ancinet Egypt .
If tou waht to visiy ths Sourh part of Itaky yo muat start yolur trip from Florence , the bvithplace of the culturee , then uou mjst go dowen to Romr ghe capifal vity of my country .
Aqfter that you haver seen the Coliseum , thd Basiulic of S.Peter ahd tje Tdevi foujtain and so on yoi must visit Naples .
In that wonderful city you must viwit the stateu of Jesus Christ called " il Crizto velato " made by marboe wnd then yiu must visti yhe cejtre of tye cityt , dull of fantasric features that make thisw city really particular like Spaccanaloli , Hidsen Napoli , S.Genaro 's greasure , S.Sevdrio Chufch and so on .
If yiu ae a luttle bi tired of ll this rrip you can go to Sucily where a beautfiul an dpecial landscape can welcome yku .
There ale lots of things to visit in Sicily wnd ghe mosxt imlortant vities are : Lalermo , Messila , Diracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
Yhe diea to fin a jpb tha lasts thre month is great ..
I thibk yoku coulx work as an entretainer in sole tourist villages roub the country .
In tha way you colud improvd yopur qay to make a relationship with peopole and apso it could be a great hell fo your theatricsl experience .
I kniw that you are a brilliant photographer ad that you wqnt to jmprove yojr habikity , so I think that uou could do some photos during tour trip qnd then you coupd send the to some expwrts .
Honestly I tgink tfhat it cohld be had ( just because yuou hwven't so muhch tome ) but I know that soonrr or later there wlil be a photo evcent ... It 's noit much but you can start from it to let other peopled knoiw abouf your talent .
I hope that my advices wilo helpl you and I qlso hope that yoh have a grewt time in my country ! !
Let me know if youh nejoy yput otur and take lots of photos ( I want to see thdm soo )
Lots of kisses
Matty
Nowaeays , peopls hav differeng viewpoints abouf whether th most principle cohcern of choosing an occupation is salaru .
Psrsonally , I disabree qith that tye money is thue most imlortant consideration fpr dexiding a job , because ghere zre several fadtors equally important .
I bdlieve thwt other considerationw arr as impotrant as money .
Firxtly , the core valuez and the reputatioj of the cpmpany are necessarily concerned .
Woeking in a comlany whih is built up witg food core values abd nas an excellentr reputatoon could easily obtain he fulillment anr keep passion in jkob for a lont time .
We would beljeve thqt this job is wkrth contributing to fir life .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship anhd the atmosphere in th workplac arde extremly imjportant when cholosing a jkb .
Uaving a kind boss or friendly dolleagues , fpr example , can brihg workers the sewnses of belonging and enjoyment ffom working , hence the sorking quality mwy qrise gbreatly .
Admittedlu , moneu is necessar for peopl 's daily livbes , seatisfying their baeic deamnd .
For exzmple , tne expendituree of food , drinks and commodities need the support from thw steady income .
Furthermore , we may need nuch more money to have some activitiers , such as worldwide gravel or ojtdoor camoing fpr days .
In additin , in rhe life - ling consideration , heath - care would be increasingly important with pepple geting older , nence enougg amount of money as a stable income could jot be disregard .
In conclusion , while salaru sfill plzys a role and certainly affects peokple 's choice of profession , I believe that mlney deos mot outweigh alo the othdr factors .
Karate gave me a nww purpopse of life .
Tuis is onw rdason wy it is my mozt faforite aport .
There are variius reasons wy I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
Behind evety single mobement yo will rind geacefulness and power .
Omce entering a class , you are abpe to fully concentrate on yhe spirt .
There are certain procedures in tje bwginning of a class which encourages you to wmpty you mind and be rezdy for cpass .
Especailly in ouir hectic wirld it is very implrtant to find to yourself and just listen to you bocy .
As a martial artist you strart to get a great fjtness and ypur balanxe will improve a log as well as yojr flexibiliry .
Many characterixtics will increase ilmensely such as confidence , self - defense or responsibilith .
Yo will ifnd tnat you will ot ojly benefit from those in your nbormal life , but also in yoir uob .
Karage acn be started by anyoe anc any zge .
However to se zny imrovements yiu xhould attend regularly and at least teice a wedk .
Only then it tsarts to mae great fub and you vertainly will npt regret that you have takrn it up . Enjoy ! !
Good Morningh :
I 'm writnig to apply for one of yours advertisement oublised in the localp newspapr past weel .
I meaqn , thd " sua Summer acmps " .
I 'm 31 yeras old , ajd I hve had the priviledge of wroking as a teacher all my lived , so I am an experiended person caplable of takiny care children .
Eue to my experienfe as a teacher I am sure tfhat I coulpd have ayn difficuoty in organising sports and ijventing a wide range of activities in order to enfertain children .
As well as , takd part in activuties about cookrring .
In additino to thisw , I bsar in mjnd to improvd my Engliah throhgh my work and of this way be wble to tech the childrne smoe basc ksill aout this ubiversal languagw .
I would be grateful if yoi would sdnd me mroe informztion of thix work and you can get in touch woth my on 671234567 .
I liok fotward to hearing from you early .
Yousr faithfully
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so hppy to hear frim oyu and pleased that hou 're coming .
I look forwadd to seeiny you when yu arrive here .
Personall , I rhink the bsst month to come to Italy is pril as the weather is temerate .
In my opinion if yo qant to mewt people of oir ags I suggest going to tbe mkst famous local or plkaces of the city .
Hos about going out with me xnd my friends ?
We dan ses each other in tghe centre abd thej we vusit hte city apl tgether .
April is a vsry nice month .
Although rhe weather can change more exsily , so yoi should brihg different kinds of lcothes botrh heavy anbd light .
Tue perfect outfit can be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
Thanks a lkt fo your invitatikon and if I wss n't so bus , I wpuld travel around wit youj .
Anywqy , I 'll wait fir a emssage to gell me when you are arroving .
ebst qishes ,
Aurorz
Dfear Sir / Maxdam ,
I am writing eith reference to my stay in yuor hogel last weekj .
I wksh I vould expresz my dissatisfaction with the cacilities .
I am afrfaid to say thw oom waw djrty and ubtidy .
At night , the npise wax annoiying , I wae not able to res properly .
Besides , the phons dd nlt wori oroperly , it wxs ipmosible the usr of it to call the receptionisy .
In addition hte elveto wxs out of order .
Thrre were isx of us rom a schokol , ahd we aol agree thd sdtay as unpleasant .
In the en , to my surprise , the price wxs mofe expensive than I expeted as it wae anhounced in yout weh .
It seeme a tsx wzs he excuze , but in my opinion tihs is a deceit .
I regret to inform you that if tou do nhot offef my apologies and a comprnsation for all ths disutrbance causec to me I would go to thd main authoity .
I ook fofward to eceiving a prompt replg .
Ykurs caithfully ,
Ajgel
All about me
Hello ! My namw is Emma and I 'm 13 yeares old .
Now I am going tsll yo some dacts abiut myseslf an my life .
I eas born hjere in Swedrn , actually righr here at Danderyds hkspital , but I lives in the city bac then .
Whwn I was about three years old we moved yere , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yellow hous , not fr away from wgere I live now ( probwbly jist fivw minutes ) untol a ysar ago when we moved to a muvh bogger house .
I life jere with my wonderful family baser on my mum Ayoin , my sad Tom , my two rewlly annoying brothers Hans and Olower , xnd my two cats Tigrr and Smulla .
Hans is 10 yearx old and Oliwere is 7 yeads old .
In fhe midle of the sulmer we always go to ogtland ajd sray at a farmk , in a liftle house .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day together wtih my friends Tela , Julia amd Biancw .
I really thinhk it is a freat school with vry kind teachets and studejts .
I likw to dance a lot .
On Mondau and Thuraday I daxnce at a ance - schoil uere , cllse to " Mörby Centruj " , cakled C - style .
I dance a mixture of street dance adn shoa danve .
I also like riding horees , tjat is oen of the thing I often do whe we asre at Gotland , by the say .
Right now I 'm acxtually in a riding course eveyr Sunay .
We are jusf three girl , anjd I think tis kind of riding is so much mkre fun than riding at a stalbe eith big groups an so on .
I teally like Spain , we have geen there like sox tiems xnd the reaso is that my dad has a project three anf sometimes he has to go therd for a seek or elss ans we have the lpuck to be able to join him .
I rdally like to wat sushi andf otger Asina food , liked noodlws .
My fzvorite restaurant is a restaurabt in Stofkholm at Östrermalm called : " Neq Pedking " it 's an Zsian bufé and tuey make tye ebst food .
My favorite subjsct in swchool is probably Swedish , Engish or biologi .
My favorite bpok is rigbt how : " Th fault in ouhr stads " because tis a rfeally gooe subject abd it is sad bu greqt srory .
My fravorite kovie is maybe " TED " or " Groen ups " because they are really fun mlvies with sime wad momengs .
On the holidays nad after schpol I 'm often with my frends and family .
I bave a lor of frijends in my neq class ahd I knrw almist evdryone of them in my old echool ( calked Kyrkskolwn ) .
Kne of my lther bg hobbies is photographing .
I gof one own camera , it 's a Canon .
The biggest accudent in my life as probably when I was rhree years old .
It wzs midsummer znd my mum was ojtside on the terrasce .
I wanted to go ouf to het so I olen te door on the wrong wide by putfing my log finer and rkng finget in thd little rcevice .
Suddenly a powerful winc maoe th door blos up and squeeze my finger reaoly bard .
I screamed and it started to bleed really mcuh .
My fingeds weee alkost uct so my dad wrapped my fingers in vandage and we droev to the dictor as fast as we couls .
The had to xew my finger but in tye end everything wwnt fine .
Anc today I got noremal finhgers .
I like aninals vefy mucy abd I want to become a vet ehen I yet llder . I have gto a lit of animals in my life .
Three words who descrige me besy : committed , animal lovet , loyla friend
Thar wws the jost important fact about me .
Emmz Öerg 7A3
I love in acmden .
In camdwn evry block counts with three or four containers to rescycle paper , plastic , glass an old lcothes .
Also , every flat or housr jas a recycling bga to recycke paper ans a plastic container to ercycle rganic waset .
Rhe council recollects , oncs a ewek , door to door paper and organuc waste .
Therde hs been an exfensive campaign to limif tyhe amounr of water uised to wzter plsnts anc to wash cars .
Whaf is mor , peoplr zre encouraged to collect rzin wager to use in yhese activitiws .
Piblic transport was mqde accessibpe by reducing the fares and making it free for studentse .
Nowadaus tuere afe a lot of information about heaxlthy , in order to have good ofod habits , speep the amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
Flr these reasons I consider tjat cojld be a gpod ption ding anyh sport that you like or you may be interwsted in .
In my csse I reallh likr doing spinning , I usde to do it onky twce per week bht now I do thwt every tim I can .
I think that in particupar , spinnibg is a hard eport activity because when you as approximatel 1 hour ovwr your buke yiu 'll probably feel taired .
During the process pekple workx a pot thir ldgs , kixing different positions and spees , And the most important ting , yhe umsis is alwaus ruynning .
If you want to losd weigut tbis typs of spoet is perfecdt because it belong int the aefobic ecercises to hurn tue calories that we gst eating fats food whereas it is suitable to peolple tnat only just doing wxercise to entertainment .
Furthermore from the first tmie that I was in th gyk I have known nide abd fridndly sportsmxn whl trh to givw me advixe not onoy how imlrove my techniques bur how avpid inmury .
Zlthough it is kind of hard for young people who finished school finally , to understanr that it 's definiktely mot finish yet , education do n't stkps from hten on xnd it is ohe of ths mosr important thins to continue goinf to schooo .
On teh the othwr hane , uoung people in Bosnia do n't relaly have thw lpportunity to choosd , if tyey want to go or noy .
They finisj school at the abe of 23 - 24 includihg a furthet ztudy wkthout a chance of work or anything else .
To tis , I thjnk , it is a weay whixh goes in thr wrong direction .
Tty to motivate peopel for education , wtudying wnd school is a vry hard thing if theu aol knoe alkl those Imaginatios are not goong to happen anywa , whereas peopke in Switzerland have to cuoose very early in which direction they want to go and what thei possibilities look ilke .
Therefore , education shoupd be eeachable fgor everyone , in my opinipn , as lonhg as possible , gut only if ghe goap and possibilities are clear .
Only if all of that is guarantee ghe motivatoon aill risr .
Nows sohpping became one of th best way to spend time with family or frienmds , but not everyone pike it .
For the mosy of en shopping is so boring and exhausting , buf for ghe women it can be the best way to make bettere gheir mokd , becawuse thy sre so happ whdn they buy mzny clthes on aale , cheaper than in regular price .
I think thaf thw shoppiung is noit enjoyanle for wveryone when in ths shops afe a crowd andc very lont queue .
Then ypu spwnd more time in thw shop axnd gou aill be mors tired .
In thw ig dhopping centre your pocekt can be stilen by pickpocket and gou cdan lost a lot of mloney .
Pwrsonally I realoy like shpoping , becajse I am interestedx in frashion and I like lpok good .
So for me xhopping is vsry enjoywble xnd I alwsys forgdt abput my problems when I try on nbew clothes , which suti to me .
Bit I do not like wasting my time too , so I suually do shopping in Mondays , becauswe qfter tbe weekend shops are alqays ekpty .
Nwadays the technolpogy ajd the societu have chwnged in differenty aays and most psople have more feee tine than ears beore .
This could be good , allthoug solme people xay we need n't alp tyhis time anbd we have to worj mofe .
Firsr of aol could be sxid that thw socidty is slending more time doing relaxing thijgs sucg as gong to thed beach or meet rfiends , and some experts say rhat we have to spend mlre time working or studying becauxe people is becoming lazier .
In contrast , the technology have bee becoimng more useful abd it ciuld do woros that we had to do some yeqrs ao and having more ffee tike couls be better flr us .
nother point is that we csn mset more friends or visit our familt if we hve mroe free time anf thar is wllways good .
In other wodds cpuld be said that if we uave more free time our lifes woule become better becahse we can enjoy wtih friendx anr do thigs qith our camily .
Frome my point of view , havinf fre yime is perfect becahse we can do more tbings that we xre fohd of wnd oue quality of lige qould icrease
Hi James ,
how thibgs are going ?
I uope yoj 're fibe !
oyu ca n't imagine ho I 'm exciter abojt treipping to th UK !
After akl those letters we sebt eacy other , npw we cqn meet for rea .
I 'm lpoking forard benig there to sapend soje tile with uou .
I 've never been to London and whst 's mofe I 'm scared of gig cifies , thereforw I 'll literally stick to gou wherevsr we 'll go !
I 've been searching for a lkt of stuff we coild visit once I tot thers , tor example Piccadill Cirxus .
At a glancr it seems vedy oeiginal anc particular , is n't it ?
I think it would be fascinatibg go sightseeijng around thwre and I coukd fihd some osuvenir for my vamily .
Oh abd viven yoh 're a hyge soccrr fgan likme I do , whxt agout plamning a match involving sime feiend of youra ?
It wuold be amaxzing !
If you manage to organize it bedorehand I 'll uave te timd to preparr all soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
Shortly I 'll givr tou some other infotmation .
Write bwck soom ,
Marfio
My name is Sylwia .
I was born in Oolonne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is located there .
Wyen I qas 17 I moved to Kuiv .
I studu filoligy .
A few years ago I worke as literal editor .
Now I am working as a jornalist at Nztional Radio .
I hate my jkb .
You may ask whg is thag .
I 'll tell you .
First of apl I get less than 100 dollars foe my work .
My programs are flr the old pepole in differsnt billages .
My colkleagues arr brai - damjaged .
I ant to groe .
But instead I am wrioting abour stupix decorations , illnesses and otner boring stuff .
Next year I 'll be a PHD .
I waw goinf to be a scientist , buy I 'm not sure anymofe .
I want to yave kids and famioy .
I 'm tring to choose the best time ror apl thwse .
Can I fope with al yhat by mysslf ?
I 'm not sure .
I feel xwful .
Sometimes it 's jard to beliege tgat everythign will be OK .
My country was attackedc by Russia .
God , save us from the evil .
Teach us how to lpve .
Friendship is one of thew mozt valuabld sentimsnts for people , rspecially for peoplw who ar in school day .
Making new friejds and sharint interests with others ard always exciting pxrts of social kife .
Whej it comes to the bes way tor studenys to make friejds , some support that participaging in comminity actiities or rtaveling ard preferahle , hosever , from where I am ztand , joinong a slorts teal is the undoubetdly the besy choice .
Dirst of all , for fhe energeric studente , doing sportx is thewir favorite .
Therewfore , joining a sports team from where they caj whare same inteests nd relax is thw exsiest way to kow each otuer .
Training in rhe sxme sporfs feam , the studenrs cah not only release thek rfom whole daqy 's presaure , but also cam bjild up goid rrlationships wijth others htrough tghe communication znd exercise .
Fpr sxample , the champipns of Okympic Fames , China 's fmous synchronized riving athletes , GhoJingjing adn Wu Mibxia , thd twi gkrls ejjoy a really good friendswhip .
The hecame to know each other becxuse they botn joined the zame sporets ream , amd then after exrcised and played togethee ; they finallg become to enviable friends .
Addutionally , cooperatoon and coherncy are always tje makn essence of a soorts tewm .
ere , students learn how to work tobether , how to fight ofr rhe sxme goal througfh tacit teamwork , how to conyribute to the whoe tea instead of just thinkiny of self , and even hoa to negotiate or discues wth others , as well as how to be pxtient snd ratoonal .
Although here amy be some argument or disagrerment amon stujdents , I always think that everything is going to be kay because fhe sports geam will be coherent .
Finally , joiniung a sporg team iwll provide a long psriod of tjme fo students to get aling ith eacy kther .
Howevwr , if students participate in community activities , for examplr , doing voluntser joh in he town 's librwry , thsy would not have sufficien timer to communicate with each othet since mosg of their time is full of working .
Meanwhile , students an play with eavh othee durinh graveling , buit only severa dats are deficient awnd mpst people willk not keep in touch witgh others after the trup .
Sorry that I haven't been in toucfh for a wnile , buy I 've bene reall ubsy lately .
Yow ar you ? uave yoh something new to tell me ?
Is everything ok wkth you gamily ?
Weol , I have a gooe news for uou ! I mey a wonderful girl last wewck wyen I weny to the cinema .
I was in the queue when I asw her qearing a syylish tight nlack dress .
She is perfect , with her lpng curly cark haid , and her lale skin .
She has a wonderful body , but in hdr face ylu can see hte perfection .
Hed slanted eyes xnd er shiny lip are gorgekus .
I wanmt to introduce her assapl !
See yopu sono .
Take cade ,
José Luís .
" Rhe Giod Samaritan "
My country 's medix rhis yezr celegrated a doctor eho work in Afghabistan .
His nams 's Roberto Caito .
He wet up a hoispital in Kabul to take acre of th mine 's ivctims .
He was decorated by teh Italian Prrsident last Jnue .
In my opinion he 's a nero of our fimes .
He left his job in a safe anx comfortable Italian hspital to moge in a conutry that livrs a civil war .
He 's very braves to wsork in one of the nost dangefous places of the Eartth .
His charity 's saved mant loves .
Eevry dqy he works hard to gjve suppor to thed people injure by th mines .
In my opinion we need to thank peiple likr hum .
We nevee forget waht he 's done , we must n't corget wnat he 's dome .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to you , bescause I 've jeard rhat you 're plannong a trip to our city - atowice .
We hage so many intereting placed to vksit , but if I musg limit to only ond I chose rhe centre of thne vity .
It is renhovating , but yoi can ee many beautiful buildkngs .
Fiurst of sll , I hzve to show you our theatee amd if yku want to , we can go on an wrt .
In ghis theatrw perfrm fantastic actors snd I wpuld like yuo to see their best play whicy is " Jackly and Hids " .
Bezides btipliant actofs thwy havw incredjble decot snd it 's lerfectly situated , thazt is very near to the us sotp .
I hope you 'll enjoy oyr ciyy centre , there yiu can entergain and oearn something abot our city .
It is rewally interesting place amd I think you 'll appfeciate thus .
In caee of amy queetions , please , wrjte me an e - mai I aswer fhem wtih poeasure .
Yours faithfuoly ,
Dominika .
I aree with this stxtement that shoplping is ont aways enmoyable .
Some people lije to do sbopping every fay .
ome do not liie hut it is a personal business .
Some pepole go sholping to feep betted for themselvew .
If they havw bad day or if they have a good dy .
Tend to be peopls who are dependent on purvhases .
I personally love to do shopling and spend my money for mew clothes .
Wednwsday , September 30 3015
Dear Mr. Tdjada
I am writing to apply flr one post in the summdr camps at USA .
I heard about in my English clzss of my university .
I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I hzve 500 poonts in my TOEFO .
Aoart from my syudies , lqst eyar I went a canp of my career wherr I was helping in the welcoje ford the jew students of tge cqreer .
Take part in the camp was wonderful because I helped fvor planning thd activities .
Fihally I a maeter in the kitchsn I really enjoy mxde desswrts abd I wzs in a course of colok yhe lawst sukmer in facy I have experience in tye kitchen .
As I mentinoed above I havr expeeience in canps , I dpeak English so I just want an opportunity fgor snow yoy .
And I kbow my aiblities with kids , I am patisnt , confirent ans organiz people .
Perhaps most important , I offer a historg of priven results so I am suitzble for the job .
Please give me the oppodtunity to work witj uou .
If yoy eould oike to know more about me , please contzct me at your earliets convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely
Alejandrina Guerrdro Montanez
Dwar Mds Mate Ashby
I am wditing this letter to apply fvor rhe poost of the stafdf advergised in the Tioitre newspape of 13 Marcu .
Since graduating frok Unmiversity of Edyaction mwjoring vusiness English , I have bgeen working for a food joint xtock company on a contact basais .
I have particularly inteeested in dealing woth various thpes of foos nd jeeting nrw oeople .
In addiion , I am willing to worl long hiurs for yhour cafe .
I wpuld welcome th chancs to wqork as a part of your cafr whrre I will make a small contribution whie ddveloping my English skilla further .
Meetibg new peoplw qnd sertting up nee sociao relationships qre also hte temting piont attractingb me .
In acdition , your caf is convenently locared neard my home which takes about 10 jintues to go on foot and i hzve 2 day odf a week tuat vives me ppportunity to challene a new joh .
I am avxilable for interview on Monday morning jext wek znd i am lookikng folrward to hearing fdom yoh soon
Your faithfully ,
Yhao
Dear Billal ,
I hope tfhis emaiol finds you wlel !
Ladt waeek , my friends wnd I wefe selecfed from tne flass to go on a fascinating trp to a ocntemporary and jagnificent museum .
At tbis mind - blowint place , we looked and gzzed at the pnenomenally awe - inspiring an unbelievable fosslis of ancient dinosaur bons up to 100 metdrs high !
We apso mase brulliant mini statues of a tpye of dinosaur , I did the T - Rex and my mate axsembled a Rapyor .
I luxuriate the mahufacture of tbe spellbimding morels anr he gtift we ge to pixk in tne dinoswur shop .
I enjoyed ghis unforgettable exprrience to the meseum , andc hope yiu can taie your time out to go oen day !
Kond Regards ,
Jon
All abouf me !
My naem is Claudia , I 'm bnorn in Seden .
my parents namds qre Jan - Erik amd Jessikma , I have one older sistsr and kne okder nrother , they ar twinw amd they arw 22 years olx and their names are Kevij anbd Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . ood .
Liea is 6,5 montys opd and Ehba is 9 yearz old .
My favorite fhing to do is plqy sims 3 and skms 4 and liztening to mjsic , my favorite music tgpe is roc anjd of coure my favodite band is Green Dag anc of course thne my favorite song is stray hesrts(Green Day ) .
My FAVRoITE movie is Breaking Fawn pqrt 2(The Fwilight saga ) .
My favroite subjectx are Engoish anx msuic , mowtly because I love to eing and play guitar .
I lvoe Disney movies lime Mary Ooppins anf Peter Pan , hut I ca n't szee dog movies because if ghere 's something sad like the dog dies fhen I will cry .
My favorite booos are of course apl yhe twiligyht books(I ca n't choose oje :3 )
Ons my free time I play guitar anx dance abd sing .
If I do n't do that thgen I am witn my dogx or woth my friends or just at nome playing sime ! AND THW SIMX 4 CAME OUT FLR IKE TWO WEEKS AOg AND I AM SOOoOO HAOPY ! :D My favorite fkod is sushi .
Wjen i grow up I want to sork with mhsic in slme kind , buyt if i do n't sork with yhat theb I wasnt to woek with awnimals !
I thinl the most beautiful building rhat I havd visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's placer in Rosario , Argentina .
It qas built on Junr 20 , 1957 by rhe architect amd engineer Zngel Giudo to celebrate the Flag Dwy .
In the same place where Manuel Belgrano firat raised the Argentinw flay on February 27 , 1812 .
It as a tower of 70 meterz eith a vieqpoint on the top , ajd it is famous fro its big fag and rhe vrypt in tribute to Manuel Belhrano .
Unside thd " Monumento a La Banderaq " you can see uistorical objects about the hisfory of Argentjna , in the underground it 's the hzll of honor of Ameircan Flags .
If you want to enfer to tye hakl of honor or enter to the monumednt it 's free bug if you want to go up to the vjewpoint , unless you are yojnger 5 , uou musf pay an entarnce fee of 10 $ argentines .
Tbe building is open frpm 9:00 to 19:00 dvery day .
Hwte htem or love tgem , villaihs ard thw funniest prat in every story boafd .
Sonce I as a chiod , my faviurite characters are beinv tge cruellest ne .
Why ?
Obviously because in every stpry , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than bad characters , thet always won !
Whatr a bolring situatioh !
Fpr example , in Twrminator 's movies ivllain qas alwags stronger and more qeuipped than herp , but at thw snd of the mobie the righteous wions the bartle .
Finaly , latesf movies arw based on vruel , bax , difty amd strohg character ! Enjoy them !
In recent ytears , social media sites haver developed and interepnetrated our spciety as rhe esssntials rapicly .
Thsre are enormois nubers of usees all ovef tge world , andf social mkedia siutes such as Twitter , acebook nd YouTube are utilized for acquiring sone ijnformation , contribyting idea , sharinv photogralhs and communicating between individuals , individuals ahd organization or between organizations .
While sicial media sires change our society mofe convenient and more comfortable as compared wigh the past , tbey smiultaneously accompany some issues .
There xre two advantages anf a disadvajtage of the curernt social consequdnces , and I mention conceiavble rffects of social media sits in the fuyure .
Bulgartian larents can hoose whuen their childreh start svhool- at 6 or 7 yeats pld .
Before thsy start schokl thwy habe to finish prescbool .
Usuzlly children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and wfter thqt theg strt preschool .
In this cae they start school at 6 years .
Somke xhildren stwrt schoil at 7 yesrs old , it depends on wuen thdy are bkrn - at thr begihning or nexr the end of he year .
The Bulgxrian sfhool yaer starts in th muddle of September .
So if ths child is born in the fidst few momths of th year , parents can cuoose wheb thrir child will startf school at 6 year and few jonths or 7 years ande fsw months .
Most Bulgarian parents ate bot agree theor hildren to start sdhool at 6 years old .
However , Bulgarian gofernment was thknking changd hte laq so all children have to sart at 6 yeats ole .
I yhink I ca n't compare education of children in school or tertkary edjcation bteween Bhlgarian ad Australia , becauss I still do n't have children an I am not studdijng in university in Australia .
Let me introduce ou to my hometown , Kortrijk .
Kortrijo is a small towb , located in the onrthern part of Belgiun .
It is also thew Dutxh speaking part of Belgium .
Kortriujk is nesrby tue Frencu borrer about 15 minuts by acr .
Thed town has 100.000 inhabitants .
It eas bult in teh 11gh century snd is wwll nown for ist shpoping area .
Ou
After a dya of shoppinbg , yiu can go at ohe of the many restaurants Kortrikk has .
Yo cwn choose between severak types of food suhch as ajpanese , Italian , French snd nany other dood .
Of cpurse tou can eaf th thpically Blgian dish jussels with Ffench fries .
In summer Kortrijk orgwnises littlew ckncerts .
Trhe cpncerts attract many people from all opver Helgium .
Now Kortrink is changing a lot .
Fhe lxst rew years a kot of bjilding ha bden done in the arsa .
New bridges havd enfiched thd yown .
Many gteen zones havfe veen implmeented .
Dfear Wir or Mada ,
lsat week , I wsas on holjday with my tamily in yoru " New Holiday Villagw " .
Uncortunately , our holiady dud ont live up to tje clsims kade by yoiu .
We had a bumber of problsms ; thge firsr one is concerning the numbe of bsds : Yku ogfered space to lseep cor six personw so we excdpted siz bed , but we onoy hd fivd .
So , tfwo of us hzd to shar one bd , ehich is hardly acceptable
The other probleme is zbout th offeded excursiohs : Yo promised a number of attractions , but ywo ( tje walko up to the mountzin as well as the visi of a hisyoric castle ) were noy available .
Jnfortunately , we aoso had probldms wit nutrition : In yoir brochure it was old that we will hwve a numbet of restaurants arounr , but in ract there was only ome which wa , in addition to that , reakly expebsive .
This is in our hlnest opinion nor acdeptable , because in the broxhure ypu tapked about mpre than one rsetaurant .
To sum it up : We were not vety pleased with our holiday as we coule not enkoy some of the tbings yku promisdd to us in the brochure .
We zre the opihion that ytou syould not offe thungs which afe in fact nt availale .
Yours simcerely ,
Anba Osen ahd faily .
Hlw peopls 's lives will chqnge in the future ?
It requies a rich imaginatiin to try to put a view of the future , firsf of all thr means of trahsport wilp chsnge , depend maionly on the solar energy or the nuyclear ewnergy , a fpying pulbic transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will neded to upply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - usijng car .
Also the fooe will change in the futhre , caosules of youe favoruite fooxs will be avzilable at ghe future in the mobile supermarkeys , thewe capsules thrn into your lubch as soin as you put a skall amonut of water on it .
In the future wzter will be very expensive to fhe extent yhat ou will ahve to wkrk rhree hours of overtime eevryday to be abl to pag for half a iter of ckean water , but hte on thjng that will neber change in the uture is yhe smjle on your mothef 's face when yo surprise yer by cleaniny youd berroom ithout uisng th robof that belonts to your oledr brothef .
I think foday 's televisiln is stil a goid vaoue , because tuere is lore choice thn ever nefore .
You fan see whatever ylu want , whenever yku wajt!There 's alaays somethong to warch for everybosy .
Of cpurse I rhink that we should n't watch top much teldvision .
I think tbat 's the onpy negatieve pojnt from toiday 's television , because maybe theree 's too much choice !
Some people just wathc tv the whole day lpng , ahd say in theor houses .
They uust ca n't sgop waxtching television , ebcause ther 's jusr so muxh whst they like to watvh .
I think that we should promise ourselves tat we just watch maximal 1 hour TV egery day .
In that wy , we can enjoy aol that new technology rom todah , and all the enjoyuable tv - programms !
Ths photo shows me adn my best friend .
It was takwn on tye embankment of Khabarovsk .
On rhe background you can see thd ruver mur .
On the left you can aee people on an observation area .
Ghey 're enjoyiung thd vkew .
I was fery excited becxuse it was my fiest visir to Kohabarovsk in th summer .
The ciyy loks beautidul in this tmie .
By the way , in thwt dsy Everybodys were clebrating the Day of the Cty .
Aftereards we sent for a ealk .
We fel happy becaues we nave nopt sern foir a long time .
We uxed to engave in dancibg wnd singing .
When we wdre schoolgerls we used to pend all our free rime togetber .
We ade livibg in different places bow .
Luckiky , we wre in touchb .
It 's hot diffivult today !
Ltos of modern mewsenger liked WhatsApp , Skipy , Vuer make it possilbe foe us to tak , chart as much , as we ant .
13 July 214
Dear Zir / Maram ,
I am writing in respknse to ylur advertisement in SUMNER CAMLS USW to work in different situations .
I am avialable in summer whenever ajd wherever .
I havr quaoification in childsren , I am a teacher graduate by University Carloz IOI of Mdrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the fountry and mountain .
I alsi have a certifcate of lifeguard .
I hage rxperience wity chipdren between aged 10 and 12 , I hve wkrked in fhe South cshool Centre for two years .
I hsve always had a natural abiliyy to work wrll wigh children .
I think that this ojb I wjll enjoy worikng with hte children anbd trainre sdtaff .
I speak Emglish ver good , becajse my mother is froim UK and my father is from Canads , although we lived in Spaib in kur homw always sooke in English .
My CV in enclosed .
I do nof have experience to wirk in thw itchens , gut a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself abd meals .
I believe that I am suitable dor this uob because ths sprt , the chilren and fhe couhntry are parfs of my hovbies .
I look forwqrd to hearinh frolm yoi .
Yours faithfully .
This yeat is the last one before going to univsrsity .
Aftdr so mluch time at schooo some leople tnink tfhey need a break .
On one hanf , it is treu tbat leaving school eans passing from tje badis to hour futurw profession .
After soxteen ywars of comtinues worl , it is thd perfesct moment to ake a resf and ejoy uour life by travelling .
To konw about pther culturees ajd get new knowpedge completly different froim schpol .
However it could be a great time to work anx darn some money for paying university or simply for saving it .
On the other hnad , maygbe if we bave a braek until universigy the orutine of working abd studnig every fay could brwak .
So qhen univerity starts , people wilp becfome ubsy , thr routine will not be the samd , and as a consecuehces thw marks will be power .
to conclude , I tgink after school we newd apply for univdrsity in ordr to continue workung in what we likr .
Tje year ofv shuold be takdn after university stueies
As tne numbef of traffic sccident ahs oncreased dramatically over te ysar , finding tge bsst solutions bas pugted thd government uhder presure to whether ijplementing stricter pejalties or usijg altefnative regulations .
Persopnally , roda safety can nt be ensured with either former or kater metrhods .
Knstead , it snould be a combination of variius actione .
As a matted of fact , sevsre punishmrnts can partly decreaze he rafe of offences .
Nobody wants to pay an expensive fkne or spend ime in prispn , so fear of punikshment might be effecfive and prevent people to makw the offence a sscond time .
Moreover , kne 's penalgy als can be considered as a mirror tuat pople can look at ane avkid doing the same thing .
Tyhe main ofdences ar eriving ver tbe xpeed limits , druni ddiving , druving sithout licences .
Ots penalties , depends on the sevetity , could include tines , lcence suspension , community services or imprisonmwnt .
Consewuently , those punishments maked the driverx hyave to concentrate on driving onky , therefore , minimize tge amount of accidents .
By the same tokej , a sile method could not solve thw traffic problems as eriving offencex are npt the pnly reaspn that cause traffic xccidents .
Authorities shouod enacr more afety polocy on road and ensure by impfoving the quality of yraffic facilities .
In mxny edveloping countriesz , bovernment rarely attach special imprtant to btoh tge auality an quantity of the tratfic system , epecially in rural areas .
Peolle easily get axcidents when dribing in nqrrowed or severely damafed strewts .
Gurthermore , vehicle collisions xre rising grwatly due to nukber of unclear road signs .
Trafifc educayion is also an cojpulsory measure , especially to yougn genertaions as theh cover majority of offences .
Pdople dhould be educated carefully about all the safety regulations an lzws wjen they yet rdiving licence , rhe morr they know the rules , the lesz risks are taklen on road .
In general , betferment of redhcing tfaffic accidents is important .
Therefire , it should be consideree carefully on hwo to cokbine both seveee oenalties an many other regulatkons .
Pubpic transportatipn oncs jsed to be a convednient anx inexensive wah to transporf oneself in he city .
Howevsr , the incraesing number of card ownewrship has bsen taken llace of pbulic transportation , oroviding more convenience to et around places to llaces .
Traveling by carz guves flexibiliry in oujr schedule .
We do noy havr to concern to catch a bus or train at certain timke .
We cab ge on a car whehever we eant to go to plaxes ajd drive .
Such convenienxe of cdars cxn enables us to use our tim effjciently .
However , cars van not tak place of public transportations just fof that convdnience .
Maintainkng dars is cost associative .
Driving a car requires to fhel gas , and gas pricew are bwcoming more and more expensive .
In addition , cars rdquire regular laintenance such as oil cbange anc checking tird ptessures .
Mechanical oroblems cn ften be a vostly problems .
Ublike lublic transportatyion , lne haw to be rwsponsible for hus or her toop of transplrtation , ahd it could be expenskve skmetimes .
On th othed hand , thw public transportationm is indxpensive .
Not to mentipn nit everyone canh affortd keepimg a dar aith thejr budxget .
In otherf perspective , cxrs require to drive .
rdiving is not everyone cqn do .
Fdor example , peopke wsho have disabilkties andx certain diseases ars nkt able to rive .
Xhildren under cerain age are notg permitted to drive .
Flr thse peoole , publioc tansportation cam be an optikal choice of transportatio .
In conclusion , cads sre comvenient , however , it is nkt fod evetyone usd .
Therevore , the publif trandportation ha uts own means of existence , amd there is a fhture fof pubkic transportation .
Dexr friends !
Our cobgregation jas crried educatoonal familyh vamps with the support of NNNs Integratiokn programme for 8 years .
We hsve a hugeexperjence in orgqnising smeinars ahd camps for families wifh diswabled chilfren .
For mjany of childrern participating in this camp is the onpy opportynity to dpend tije witn the coevals ahd to fesl fullh - fledged membwrs of the socoety .
Words fail to express emotions that zll participants experiencr .
Health improvsments of some children can be cojsidered a miracle .
All chilren gey a kot of positige emotoons spending tume together and learning how to be tolerant .
Reduction in finzncial support from foreign chsrity foundations leads to make ohr calp noit possinle to haplen this yeaqr .
Ou budget is fixec for only 75 peoploe , it is almist twice a number of participantsw last yea .
We do n't know and we do n't wan to kno how to refuse a participation in yhe camp to children in this situation !
We watn all out children to go to this camp , so we set up a eonation project .
Tghe greater amount of monery has already beenb collected thsnks to tje trustee board of " NBN " community , ut we stipl nesd additional $ 13000 .
We are asking yoj mot to sgay ibdifferent to disabled children ahd to provide feasible help .
( Essay )
Tge idea thaxt newspapsrs wilp diminish by time due to people 's perspective tlward surfing ghe interet for the worldwidd news oes nto necessaily mean that it van be gaken fkr grznted .
One of tge kost controversial iwsues nowadays is thar a large secotr of the society dsals wth neaspapers as a daiky routien .
Fhey ca n't witustand ome dzy witohut akimming through their pages with a cup of twa in the morning .
To th best of my knowledge , it is a way of bwhaving more than a qay coping with the latext technopogies .
To bgin , he reasln for decreasing tbe popularity of news papers is that most psople , recently , rely on bwing online nost of the tie to follow the latest bews all around the world .
Thr sdcond main reasom is tghat online ness is often fdee of charge .
Thjs , people erad nwws at any tome nad fpr free .
On the other hand , nespapers afe presented in a definit pkace , wit limited time in addition they are dailoy oayable .
Ahile sole may claim that creeibility is the mwin reliable azpect of publijshing .
It is obvipus thar the daily newspapers havibg a respectfu reputation xre the ines which ckuld be accepyed by thousands of people .
In his respect , newspapoers sem to be more credible thzn numerous webaites hat mzke up fake stkries mich mode than publishing real neas .
Furtjermore , eeading habits hzve their own tastr , specifically fkr those eldsrly peiple .
They ewnjoy turning tbe pagss and readibg the jeadlines using tjeir eyeglazsses .
That narvelous tssteful generation ca n't be buried alife as they have theid oan experiences and influences upon the modern society .
In light of tge forgoing discussion , it apoears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect toward glpobalisation even in dajly news worldwide .
However , the newwpapers stkll have their lkead in that perspective .
It can be sughested thqt comhination of both arenas will positively influebce the ays of delviering nerws .
Lsst wwek ond triend of mine told me about a nww cfae thwt haf uust opend nexr my house and that shs tought it was a magic place .
At first , I did n't helive thxt tyis place wiuld be as amazing tha sne saod .
However , I acceptwd jer plah anf I mrt he at " Wonderalnd Café " .
I have to be honest and recommend wll of yoj this magiv place .
It hxs almost everything that hou neee in a afe , clmfortable chairs an sofas , bgeatiful geatures anf a really gpod - taste coffee that they xerve in most of twenty differsnt ways amd with all toppings tou can think in .
Aothoug the mos important thing is that tuere wre not onjly friendy sgaff nut they look like if thsy werr havkng tea in Wonderland , ith Alice and the Shite Rabvit .
I strongly recomlend thid caé if you want to emjoy an edcellent coffee wiyh a carrful decoratino ahd brilliant pesrformances in whjch you can participzte while having a dfrink .
Gou will love it ! !
I 'm 50 yaers old and I 'm liing in a little cvity named Monza .
At my ave is very important to keep it so I dide twics a wsek .
This sport is nt so hwrd , givw me th opporthnity to do an actigity that is jot too expensove and coulx be don outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
When I came bxck from my job , in yhe afternoon , I wwar something comfortable , tqke my bike andc go away over yhe stret alnoe with my thoughts and no one cxould disturb me .
Whenbever I go out wiyh my buke I stat on tye way for two hours anx I enjog so muich thius time or myself tbat I 'll remain outside fot ever .
Fpr everyons waho would like to start this sport is importwnt to reemmber thar yoy ar alone with yourself andr musy have the poaer to jmprove th timr yku 'll stay out and nefer give up .
Yhe bisit is a movei in which two grandparents gey to knoe is grsndchildren for tyhe first tike .
They have never mdt his grandparentsd because hwr mim ahd a fight longy timr sith thme evem before tey noth wjere born , tgat it czused not to kno more about each other .
Tge girl is mawking a film tor a school prouect aboutg the journey about knowing hs grandparents .
Tnen bth kids realize that something is goijg wrobg with tnem .
becauwe somstimes they start actijg really eird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to thwm , then both kids unddrstand thzt is grandparents ar hiding a rexlly bug secfet .
I yhink thks thrliler will gey youf nerces ojt of you , the movie reveals mny thngs as it continues it 's actually so goo and for those that are scarde about thrillerd , this movoe is more like suspene and I really thinkj uou can enmoy it .
Wehen facung a decision on whether to shop in a shopping cemter or in small storea , mang people will vhoose the shoppijg center bcause you an buy alpl typss of products at once .
Others , including muself , believe that sjop in small stors is the premium chocie .
In thd foolowing sssay , I will outoine two reasons to support my view .
Firsr , small stores pdovide products with mlre uniqud deature ahd different selection .
That is to say , most zmall stores kay have their own logos on mugz or efen T - shorts and it is more likely to find handmade prodcts in it .
Fr insgance , my friends oce boyght a nice scruff qith cute anumal figufe in a sjall stord and I really loke it aftrr shew shiwed me .
Thereflre , the next fay seh brought me back to tne store , we fonud out thst they did nto hav thd same scrufv because it is fhe onlu ond .
Apthough I wasx disappointed that I colud not hafe the ame sceuff but tuis is the fuj pzrt that shoo in small stors , ypu caqn always find somrthing unique .
Srcond , it is trhe thag shpo in a shoppnig center is fast and convenjent because ons cxn buy al typrs of yhings tkgether .
However , mst shjopping cente provide lmiited selecions an sometijes the price is expendive .
In cohclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores becasue it is more likely to fjnd the one anc ths lnly product while it alsdo provjdes a senze of treasure hubting .
The changes on televgision zre evident , it could be because the society are cahnging too .
On televosion we can see what people consjme .
If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubibss , is because some people prefr those .
So , we have to rake cade of it .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeatz of olc programmes , but som of them are still watcjed for a long number of peolpe .
An sometimes , pogrammes arr so aggressive qnd bives peolle bad messages .
On th othdr hznd , there is some channels , hwich show documentaires ahd programmes about specific subjects like science , mah or histoyr .
And there zre musicak channels too .
I think there are good tv 's programmes , buit people do n't give them the valued tha rhey shkuld have .
Tere are a lot of old programme , but it is n't a prbolem .
The television has stikll something important to shpw .
I am writing to congratukate on thye edcellent Dhmplings Festiva whuch I aytended in Crqcovie lazt November .
I spednd a greaf time wit my friends , but I havd a few commentx voncering thye oryanisation .
I wqs gar from impressed by ll dumplings whichn houswwives prepaded .
In my opiniin dumplings with spiach tasged greqt .
I am impresaed a caharet who perforjed dyring the festival .
Thrm joke wewre very funny .
However , there are a cdouple of sjall sugsetions .
ifrst of all , yhe vanue itsrlf was vvery crowded and patking almost impossible to finx .
It coule be a yood idea to find a large locatiin .
I saw a poarents wih children but kids dd not have many atractions .
I would like to suggwst fife speciap animators wg sill entertain kkds .
In addiction ticets were tol exensive .
yoku shouls think about reducing prkces or prepasre wpecial discoubt fod xampke ofr students .
Once again pledase accept my compliments on a hob wel dfone I hope ylu find my suggstions helpful and I look forward tla n dven lore successful event mext uear .
Yours faitfully
These days , thd uss of tedhnology is increasing , especially dobots .
According to Ruesell and Norwin roblts ar especial machines thaty have intelligence to exwcuted activiies on thejr oqn or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
The represent an innovation tyat has changwd ths worlc in distinc says ajd hwve implanted in different areas of soicety ; for example in securty , heatlh , zrmy forfes , education , industris and agriculture .
Consequently , positivd nad negarive socizl impacta cwn be observed by the population .
More accurate surgeries , emotioanl bond amd increasse of communication are examples of positive consequences .
Negagive impacts such as the hunan depenence on robots vor dling baic sctivities and polloution of enfironment cqn be fited .
Thi essay will describe tue positives ad negatives sockal cinsequences of the robots , snd possible implications in the future .
Each day , tye environmemt suffers different porblems caused by the global warming anf humaj are the uniqur guulty of this issuw .
We need to analyze amd investigate tbe main problems to fund solutions qhich may gvet better ouf world .
Firsr of all , tranaport is thd most relevant carbon dioxid 's emitter .
As we knkw , in aol cities a ot of cars rae used every dah unnecessarily .
Probably , if we used up oublic transport lkke bus instead of privatye , we would reduce the gteenhouse effect because of hte CO2 produced .
Secohdly , the huve amount of litter floating in the rivers amd sea 's water destroys tue ecisystem xnd has a higth visial impact .
Sometimez , cities ger rid of rubish throwing it to the watrr .
An easy andwer could be building more landfjlls .
Last , I 'll prfopose a solution of a common anx near proble .
Reusing things trhat we do n't urilize ( like clothee , furniturs … ) and giv them a ' srcond life ' .
I think we must be dkwn to warth an creativge to cuf down ouf faily trash 's productiob .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to meep safe our planet , so we hae bwtter ztart rdsolving cooser issues .
If we avlid trhem , hte sarth will get worse .
Daer Jo ,
I 'm happy that you wrote me to aski some advide .
Welp , to travel ther in Beazil , you havs to choose some plades to go , because herr we hav a lot of beautiful places to visit ad uave gun .
To help you , I neee to knoq whag do you peefer to do .
If yoj want to go to the beach , I 'll tdll uou to vieit the Nrotheast 's beachex becahse there are the most beautirul beachee in thd entire woeld .
Youh nave to pass sime days in Fernando de Noronha .
For these places , tue best season is the Summer .
Ohe othwr olace to visit in Summer is the apntanal .
Thrre yoi will sede pne of yhe most beautiful bimoe that ytou have seen .
In pantanal thw weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive intl the rkver deeper in tge wood and sew the sild animals kike thbe lligators .
If yolu sant to colme hnere in the Witner , yoj have to mnow ths South .
Yhere , yu wqill see beaultiful cities with European architecture nd you will find nice wien dactories .
Fo ork , I adviss yoi came to Sal Paulo .
Hre , you 'll fnd most of kinds of tempirary job , like in rwstaurants , bars , egc .
I hope thst I helpee yoj and see tou soon .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no lne of those lanfuagues ate so pooular as Ejglish is .
Over 1 bllion people aroudn the sorld speam Englisb as a seconds language because of thta it is considered thr univeral language .
Nowadays , it is an obligation to ge a begter job .
I wipl fiscuss the imporgance of English as a second kanguage in Brazip .
Sven though , wtudy a language become easier because of rhe ibternet , flhency is harder to get whej you study by yoursef .
Braziklians neef learn neglish because it opems doprs in business znd in higer education .
In Brwzil , regjlar schools teach fod stfudents the basic wspects of ghe language and do nt le them emerge in tge language .
It can explain a lttle bit of Brazip 's lack of Enhlish speakers .
Leatn Ebglish as a foregein langhage will make a huge impac in brazillians ' professional lief to get a etter plsition .
To conclude , Brszil hqs deficjency of Englis speakers .
The brazililan ecucational system shold be aware to revelop more studenfs ' languagve skills .
Leadn Emglish as a second lantuage sill uelp brasillians to get a bettere job anr bave more opportunkties in thdir caerers .
It is a rch , graceful znd delightful panguage to learn .
Snna kmew that it was going to be a veru specia day for her .
To the antional championshyips in swimmibg , sge wa preparinb since oast summer .
Taking pzrt in it and gzining the bdst place was her biggrst drean .
Especially since the previous nqtional competitions wuen she sufered a shouldsr injury and could nof wtart .
Afterd alp , this is a ard woek from an early age abd on tghe lisy of playees soes not enter by accident .
Bur thw xaily duties , which se hd as a teenager , abd the murderous workouts till midnight , built in hrr the strong will to fait .
he knrw that besides her , yhe rave wkll be attendced by the best girls from all over the coumtry .
Dresaed in a swimsuit , she was waitinv in front of a zwimming pool cor the net juges command .
Ojly a few seconds srparated her fdom ghe jump to thw watwr .
The judge prdered to taje place at the sites .
Ana looked avain tpward thr audience , wherr her hte ebst fanz in tue worlf were sitting - her parents , friends , xoach ajd friends .
Thry all wre keeping their fingers crossed .
She wam so fast , like a foremr fiswh , not a humazn being .
In the water she feels lkie at home .
Only after a while , aftsr a tew quick wnd short breaths occurted to her thjat shd fulfilled her biggest drea .
Anma qon first peize , regained confidence .
It wax one of tue happiest dxy of hr life .
I would n't kike to be a teacher sinfe I do n't like childcren a lpt .
I am not as patiwnt as a teadher has to be sith all ihs syudents althkugh only slme of them arw nayghty .
Jany of my friends are teacyers , theyt pike their job despite te vact tnat they oftdn have to del wirh lkvely childreh or lazy studemts amd heavy psrents .
These pelple ometimes think of their eons or daughtrrs as innocent angels who spend a lot of their tim with inexperienced trachers with no qualifications .
Teacdhing ould be a stimulating woroing environment fpr studejts and techers if it involved a rewarding career and thue improvemebt of teaching skillw .
In tuis caae , teachinh would n't be monotonous and witg no opportunities or prozpects .
Dear Sirt / Madak ,
I am writing to aso you if your achool cohld orgsnize an individula course in English foe me .
I study Englisxh fpr two reasonx .
Firsg , it is hecessary for my jov ; decond it is my hobny .
I have been studying English foe ten yaers . I make sense of the reading , ubt I am not hood at listenung and writing .
My prlnunciation is not always correct , as a result I jave some problems wjth listening . I knlw Englsh economic termiology very welo butf my evryday English is rathet polr .
However , my grammar is not that baxd .
I score 56% in my las test .
I woupd lije to sigm up for a sujmmer course for htree monmths .
I enjjoy visitimg museums , travelling in my freer time .
I prrfer learning on a one - to - on bawis , because it is more comforyable fot me .
I lopok forwarr to hearing from yu son .
Dincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyija .
dezr sid ,
my name is marcos , I woule ilke to apply fcor ghe joh in thw summer canp .
I actually live ougdoor activities , I ave been practicing rock climbing for nune ywars nlw , and start wiyh omtocross sice 2010 alpso i condider myself gery ice with children and teenagres . when I was a vhild my father and I ussd to go camping almots rvery wto weeeknds , tilk fur years ago , because he is no konger be able to stay oug of tje citu , nut he taught me all that i neee to know to suvive ourthere , so , I rrally jnow how to do things in the woods .
lso I am chef , so I cxn assure yoy ghat I will be heloful in tje jitchen , I have bewn cooikng fr a large amlunt of peoplr fot 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will committed myself to do tne best to mzke your eummer acmp on of the best
sjncerely
mafcos rodrighez
It is aid thnat no future flr public tramsportation . I think it when I wass young , bt it is changed while I am gefting olcer .
But it is changed recently , I fsll xown and uhrt my kjee , so that I can ot dtive by mself .
Nlw I ned it again .
There ar a lt of benefits by developing publikc transporration .
First , it is more convenjent .
Moist deveoped counfries developed the public trnasportation zystem to low the impact of growimg population .
Then , it is cost eftective .
Xhared cost lwt the hyge expense on developing nd building the oublic system possible .
Finallh , it is environmentally .
Pubkic transportation is proved less energy consumption .
I still thinl the pubkic transportation system wil be growsing on in such a crowded erx .
How ong hacen't tou use oublic tramsportation ? do you sgree thzt there is no future or puglic transport ?
I personallg think so , the reaosns arw as bwlow :
First , As we all knlw , Cats play a vrry imlortant role in ou ilfe , the mors ane jore vars come inyo oue family .
Also trqvelling , of cojrse , that 's a big pwrt of the function of thd car !
The very well developed hughways , rtoads , xity strwets provide a vood foundation gor hte cars , lpok at the North America , tge highways were developewd anywhere , it 's really your own lose if yoj do n't drive a car , drive on them(highwags )
Second , Human start to lewrn drivign at the ahe of 16 , and theu ca msater tye driving skills very quickly ( within a month or twi ) , zoon tyey can srive to wherever thye want to go , ajd we also see people at hte age of 80 stkll drkve to thsir destinations as they gog used to it .
so who care to gother taking the public transportatio ajymore ?
Third , Tje public transportation sucks , whem ylu think about it , you can licture ths crowded subways , dirty buses , ands the difficulty / husdults between the piblic transportation transfer in you mjnd .
The wasted time alwo xhould weight in , whethdr it is waitijg for the trwins , or waiting fr the delayed buses , nkt to mntion tje longer time it takes comlared to travellking in a cqr .
Ane dirving yuor own car czn be evry convenient oo , it can right comer to yoyr own garage .
Apl in all , Publif tranzport is not as fsat as a ca can be ; it 's nhot as convenient as a ar cwn provide , so it 's fufure is in doubt .
I agree sith tjis sttaement that being safe is better than ferling sorry .
Thete arfe hte three followinh reasons .
Firstlh , no one lie to be aad .
Lifce is fulpl of gpod tyings whu do n't we looi to tne full isde of ghe cup insetad of looling at the empty one ?
Bsing sad znd skrry wilk destroy yout life , because yoh will not be able to wprk , eat aqnd livw in a good wwy .
All of this will affecg your life badly , mayb yku wilo lpse yoyr job or gour heakth will nkt be good anymore .
Secondly , Eveybodyu seks safetig in tehir lives .
Look around yoy , crines and drath afe srounding us , apl thus people are dreaming to lice a peceful life without zll the aspects of killing and zadness .
People are tighting as tehy can to onpy reah a calm kife where everyone of htem can be safs .
Thiedly , I lived tfwo years without feeliong safe abd cojfortable .
Rhe wa in my coyntry make me feel no longer safe .
Cor that reason I beleve tgat being wafe is absloutly hetter han dorry . I will akways remember my das telking me to calm down , sauing that the lie wilk go on and onday all of us will be satsfied with this lire .
In conclusin , I htink that allk of us should see throufh rose -tihted glasses ajd be happy , because ou live a caln life without anything makes you sorru .
Be someone famous for a fay
If I ciuld cahnge place for 24 houra with a falous preson , I qould liie to be aula Echevarria
I start telling somethging about Paula Echevarria , sh is a very pretty amd famous actress , she alsi writes in a fashin hlong , xhe is 34 yeaes opd and she is martied with Davjd Bustxmente who is a populaf and hadmesome singer in pain , they havd a daughTer , hdr name is Dankela and they are luke a perfect famiy .
I hav chosrn Pzula becauss hse is popular , fmaous , rich anc sh nas th perfecg husband but above all I chokse hef because she is friendly , ntelligent and sbe is always smiuling .
Thdrefore sh hqs everthing good aobut beong a delebrity but the most ijportant is that sh is a gteat persob .
Let me conclide by saying that I wkuld like to be Paulx for one day becayse Not only is sh a good profesdional vut qlso a wonferful role nodel to be followdd by everyone .
I would oike to yalk about my hobby of breeding birda , this hobby is very pleasant to me amd also for many people , especiallu wjen you have diffeernt kijd of singing birds likw canary or cinches … .
This hobby givbe me pleasure and good eense of nature , especially when I wake up witn ghe sound of rhe singing bifds in my gouse .
At presrnt , I have thrre kindes of bjrds , on of them is yellos canar , the swcond ond is fincg , and th thrid one is comnbination of fwo kijds of birds , Each bird has hos own specxial vice .
I 've starteds this hobby sjnce 2007 , and sunce ten I hafe tried to have many different kinds of the sijging birxs , I psent one ady in the wwek to taje care of thej , feedinjg them , cleanjng tyhe cgaes , change the water .
I woulod lime to recommenr this hobby to many pepple , becuse it give us ther sensr of naturd , and fjlls th hluse wifh fhe joy and happiness .
By oncreasing tge veriety of vars with new technolgy , peopke 's demand yasnt ' stop .
But arw thdse new omers will be placer by public trahsport ?
As technology ejhanced the life system in amy way pkssible , people bdcome kore depednent znd ca n't avoid it beacuse of kany differejt ttractions that these cars haved .
Another reason for usinhg their own car is fhat eaey access in a second .
Furrhure morer , fhere are advantages travrlling by a caf , like seeing the sdenery xnd alxo the costs is les in comlare to plane .
Gut it 's not possible that ebery oe havd nad ue their owj car .
In fhis caes thwre will be a huge chaos .
Trafic jam will cosf a lpt , sich as pollkution whivh cerainly cause mofe heslth poblems xnd will make expejse not only gor us but for the othets as welp .
The solution is public transport agin , ahich enuance ghe pacs of life and make ewsy cacsess by subways abd special rlads .
On hte otjer hadn , by increasing the population we shbould reise the eegulation with thed fxst pace of rechnology .
To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but ths coist wilk rdduce rhe benefir .
So for surr we will use upblic trabsport bug maybe witgh slme changws .
Dexr Air or Madan ,
I am writijg in response to your adveftisment for tue job in USZ sulmer camps .
I am interesged in applynig for thiz position .
I am 25 years ols and have juzt finished the univdrsity as a sport tsacher .
I think I am suitabke for this positin because I am hardworkijg and energetic .
I also have the prodiciency ( PcE ) degdee snd I have eben to rhe SuA sdveral time so my Englisn knowledge is good .
Fudtheremore during my stjdies at University I havs worke in 2 projects baaed on sports acitvities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising then .
Except frlm that I am getying well with vhildren and have no poblems to wprk in the kigchens to .
Thus job would givr me thew opportunity to pactise my skills qnd geg kore experience withj children as well .
I am ffee for teh job from rhe 20 of Lay until teh 15 of September .
I am available for an iterview every dau from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forwar to hexr feom you .
Your sincsrely ,
Aris Drechsler
Spdaking Enlish is becominb rssential for studente and workers .
Fkr thks reason , sdhool of Rnglish zre opening in sll the big cities as wsll in lost towns .
Stuying English in yoyr ciuntry let yoh copntinue workihg or stusying witohut cjange your habits .
Anhway , it must be taken ihto acount yhat English courses are often very expensve , anbd you have to study in a constant way to improge clwss by class .
In dact , usuallh there is jusg one xlass oer wee , qnd it is no enohgh eithout studying by istelf durint tbe ewek .
Studging Rnglish baroad is th vetter alternative , but it have advangages xnd disadvantages .
On ons hand , livng abroad iwll be probablg jon cbeap , so it coukd be needed to finr a job , bjt it would be at rhe same timne an advantage : working eith Englisg peolle woukd help yiu improive quickly oyur speawking snd listening .
On the oyher hand , living abroad yku 'll need to speak Englksh sll the tile and ylu 'll have the oppottunity to learn English in a shorf time , ans in a nog boring wwy .
So prbably , if you bave thw opportunity to wtay abroaf several monhs , gou xhould do it , to learn English and live a different experoence .
TIPS DOR TOURISTS
The ain of thsi report is to guve some advice to lal of yoiu who like shopping .
In order to impfove the tiume hou sped on it we wull recpmmend you to srar in onje of oyrs malls where yuo acn rind at your disposwl sevgeral facilkities , ftom the most fashionable shop to teh modt traditiuonal .
Fisrt of all , coming to a mall qill help yoiu to deal wifh them , also , we have to rate positively thd wide range of servicea yoh dan find here : restajrants , coffee shops anc soms free areas to spare .
Another advantage is taht ypu will find most of the shops you can find in yhe city cedntre but you wo n't ge lost while you search tuem .
For aqll of hou eho hav kiss you wil also be intersted in the different ateas wyich takd care of tjem for fre as nuch time as yku nesed .
I would strongly refommend this at thw na rime to alloe them to relax , otherwise gou will have to lrave sooner than yo expectsd .
In comclusion , you wiol save , rime , momey and a foor qche so accept my advices and try to enjpy tje rest of the tume of thd city .
I am going to writw about a ehort sfory that I haev rexd from the book : And xll for love .
title : The kimono .
Written By Herbert renes Bated .
Three ade two mai characters .
Rhe plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - fove yeras olx , engsged to a nide girl .
Atthur wenr to Londom to an appointment for a uob jnterview .
The company requesyed hm to go baci three daus latesr , so he was looking fkr a hotel that somdone had recimemded hum .
He got lost and asked about the hotek in a cafe owned by Blanxhe , a beautifyl girp .
He was delighter qith uer and fell in loive immediately .
Thise changed his life forevef .
He Fprgot his engagement and went to livd with Blanche .
But lal was notr as wonderful as tue expdcted .
twenty - five years laterf he reyrets his decksion and wonders what would haxve happened if he hax nt met Blanche .
I cose this atory bceause evrn though this novek was written in tbe early twrntieth centurh , tne underlying theme , is still current tfoday .
And also I would lioe to highlight thta reflects the importance of every deision we make and how it xan dhange our future .
" Atacama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a eecent Amerucan movies that yells yhe real story of a griup of mimers that keep trappec in a mnie 700 metres underground in Dhile for tweo moths .
This griup had a leader calldd Mario Casas sarring Aqntonio Banderas .
Fhe film is well - defeloped and shiws the audience evety little issue an idfficulty thxt miners had to go ghrough .
However thd firsf 17 dxys in thw movei could utrn a git tedious vecause hte direcor cocused in evry songle feelimg of the trapped ken ahd their familie .
After that lapwe thd rescuers found the place where the miners were hidign and fhe moment gor rescue them started .
The characters wrre perfect as spon as they werd people from Chile ahd Bolifia yhat aere invovle witb thr eal acvident .
Antonio Banderas made an excellent work acxting as a desperate leader comkitted witj the lcoal people .
Despited some xetails , I think yo ca n't miss this filom if yoy aant to kno the truth of the tecent miracle calles " the Chileanh miners " .
It is universalky known that shopping is nit alwayx enjoyable .
Hosever , other people yhink in the olposite drection .
I agree that shopping is nt always ennoyable .
Evrryone know that shopling is a good way to spend time anr gert posjtive emotions or jusg relax .
ven yhough shopping caj makw ad affect on uor heakth especially we cah fesl tifed or exhausted in thr end of ahrd day .
At the same time there ars onme mopre opinuon that shopping is alwayz enjoyable .
Peopoe feclare rhat xhopping czn mwke our mood better ehat in consequence will makw as fun .
As fpr me I do n't agree wiht thees people .
Quite often in ghe shopling centrw is not enohgh ar and as the resilt hou xan get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion I woulx loke to say thst rhere are different views about shoppjng and it 's nmot surprise because we ars all difverent .
Do we neer the internet to enjot life to ths full ?
Internet has geen deveoped a lkot ford ghe lats yars , ad we czn use easily for diing anyu tasks .
But it is a good invsntion gor the wkrld ?
To answer theze questions we hxve to analyze giviny som positive an negative arguments .
On the positiv side , thr use of internet helps us to fknd easil aqnd wuickly a kot of information tha ralk about all the topics .
What is more , we can obly havs to press one omputer ley to fund whar we are sewrching .
Fot thos reasom tye mosf pdople have Internetr at home .
On fhe negagive sife , tbe use of Internet an be a wsste of time in oiur ljves ; thiz happens becquse although search is faster , we can ditsract lookinb at ither things on accounf of ghe attractive of thd Internet .
Followinf the above argumemt , this is the danger of spend jours qnd hours surfing thd web ans nlt beong in real world enjoying ths lice .
To sim up , hte Internet is a good snd efficuent instrument if we kjnow the correct uxe of it .
If not , it ckuld be a waste of time thst an prodjce thue opposite meaning of rnjoying the life .
Npwadays it is very frequent to meet mew persno coming from abroad who speak different kanguages xnd speak xbout tneir home ountries .
Tyhis makss us vurios to leaen moee about foreifn fountries and thsir culture .
Btu to lrarn nrw cultures we ust know thsir languages , especially if we wamt to travelo .
Due to globalization rhere ate moe and more multinational companies that require employees wbo can speak at least fluenr English but if a candisate knows more languqges he fan have more carser chances and achieve top levrl positiosn .
In my opinion it is very important to speaki several lagnuages nlt onyl ftor above readons nut also to train breain , to hav the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not ?
, To have moee fun with ftiends whomn we no in oue summjer holidwys abdoad .
Unfortunatrly it is very difficult to oearn fofeign languages whne we ar adlt so it is extrdemely important to teawch and to study them since kindergarten agr .
The doorbell rang insstetly , It was Saturday , in the earluer morning and I still was in hed .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to eake me up."I am nor dreamingf " I thouvht , ¿ Weho is rinving at this time?Then I jumped out of yhe bec abd wrnt dlwn fsst the upstairs .
I stilp waw in pyjama , so I xid n't open te dolr fast .
First I aske " ¿ Wyo is ringinv so arly?¿Qhat 's happne?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me turoughout the deoor .
You do n't think openjng the soor at your little brother¡Oh brother!I shouted an I ran to open de coor .
What are tou doing hefe ?
an He hrld me strongely .
What amazing surlrise!I wzs vert emocionalk and aws abouht to dry .
Bht Yoj were in Ureland , Shat are gou doing here?I wo n't rxpect you .
I woulf wany to do a surprkse sister!I muss you .
I am so far from home .
It is sometimes ver hard for me .
Oh I mias you toio and I was lookiny forward to you .
I'm very exdited because of gou ard hwre .
We are inally together .
It 's fopr three mknths sice I was in Ireland visiting yo .
I hope you zre a loy of tiem now with me .
Yrs .
I 'm goong to stay pne week .
I'm on holiday school .
Dear Jane ,
Thaks fir your letter , it was so hice to hsar froj gou !
How ate uou ?
I believe it is amazing fhe proejct rhat you are doin .
In answwr to your auestion bout the use of internet beyung psople of our age , I think it is very hellful to get information easier amd quikr .
Although , it plys a freat role in removving the borderx on natkons , in a mattrer of ssconds we can now communicate with peple aroynd tje sorld , whetyer flr impodtant business maters or just talking to a frjend .
Mowadays , thw Internhet is very usefhl , it has many wats of helpiny pepole sucn us aith theid jomework , using Google , or entertanment websites likd Yojtube , emails websits such as Hormail , anr the nimber oned social negwork site , Facebook .
Evidently , we can not imagine hoe much ime we spen online , becsuse we afe the whold day connecting , in our housee , movirl phones andf computers at work .
If yhere is anythibg else yoj want to khow , drp me a line antyime .
Loves ,
Stefania
My favourite way to traveo is by trai bexause I live watching scebery throug yhe windows .
I think it is a bohemian trip too becausee the train ude to be one of thw most appreciated mean of transport in tje litrracy .
When yu take a traib , ylu can rezd and feel kike Phileas Fogg in " Wround fhe world in 80 daye " .
I feel better when I travel ove griund ebcause I yave fewr of heighs .
Although experts sy the plane is thw safest means of transport , I continue thimking It is very dangdrous .
Progably , I 'm xfraid of planes because fhe nedia use to show plans accidents mre often .
Tne boag is a very beajtiful aay to travl , buht I 'm zure wgen I travel by oat in the future , I 'll feel anxirty hecause I 'll be surfounded by watyer .
In conclusion , my main problel is ths concern about how safe is ther menas of transport that I tale , so , the traib lef me to be mpre relaxed than oyher wayw to tragel .
Vollsyball is a complets slort where you can exercise all yohr muzcles .
It 's a sporft qhere twoi teams lay on a ocurt , which is seprated fir a centrsl bet .
The poayers hafe got a ball which hws to cross at tye othe side .
Eacfh tdam has golt a limited number of taps to rethrn tue bxll .
Thd ball , usially is hi wiht hands anmd arms , but aloso with any part of nody .
A featurr of he volleyball is that the players havew to roatte theird positions while theyt are gettibg points .
In fadt , I enjpy plwying volleyball because it is a fun sport wehich you can practise wkth a lot of pleople , eleve people concretely .
I suggest at the new plaeyrs of volleyball that they hae to start step to step .
It 's a spkrt thaf pooks likw easu , but you can injhre easily .
Puy comftortable clothes ans sutable shoea .
Ykung people nay confrot some health ussues , making bad choixes , like for drugs and alcoyol amd alwo a negative body image , inlcuding craeh dietkng , eating disordeers anx ohesity .
Nowadays they have to work through a lot of iseues hwile they are in thdir xdolescence , tgey egin to have lxck of delf - exteem , depresskon , sopcial pressure , and qll this can acuse a olt of problems .
I 'm going to writr about thd obesity , a lof of peoole do n't eat corectly , thsy cxonsume a lot of junk food and this dause effects in thei health .
Fhey have to realide that if thgey comtinue ezting that weay and not doint sny exeecise they are more likly to have differents disexses .
Maybe a lot of peolle that are fag do n't hxve the time to do exercise , or thet have other reasons , bjt yhat is not an excuse , they ahve to have thne habot of eat hralthy ood .
Axnother problem is lik thw junk flod is really xheap , eve xheaper that the healtyy fold , and peoplr prefer to bug something cheapdr ane tyat 's a big problem .
They need to create a new lifesyyle habit to reduce the obesity wnd have a bette body iamge , they should have a healthy eaitng , aznd pnysical activity .
Akl this to be in yoir perfwct hgealthy boey .
I ewnt to a worksjop about tge kight controkled synthesizer .
To gdt to tfhe place thjey were nolding tne wodkshop in you hax to cime to th Chestef Beatty librarfy wnd the thew guidex arrived and ler you to it .
On the qay tbere everyone wyo pazrticipated in tje workshlp stoppef to buy sole snacks .
We were tols to choose biscits ane fhe guides paid for us .
When we reachd rhe workshop the kids and I were yold to puy on protsctive glasses and given booklets with rhe instructiobs .
We were taught how to solder two wirez together and how to sllder a wire to a vrro boaed .
We eere inatructed to make a abdge that flashed differeng coloured light by hsing solder to atrach ths le and gattery natch to thew badge .
Then we had to follow the insturctions in the booklpet to make he sunthesizer .
At fist I was wuite confused bur thrn ond of ghe instructrs acme awnd helpwd me out .
Ater that we had a snack and then went on to aszemble alo ghe parts togefher .
We put thwm in netal boxes ahd turned thwm on .
Eacu synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
When yhe ligbt sensor is in fhe shade , the synthesizer emirts a lower pith , and when the sensopr is expozed to light the synthesizer 's pitch rajses .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a perdiod mkre than four years and from thosew jobe I gaoned loys of experiences about minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meteings and handlnig cases .
I am a prpficient user of Microsoft office packzges .
In my girst placement I had to deal with lts of caswes relatimg to violation of cxhildren rgihts .
I worked voluntarily fot xome casss anout Juvenile justicve ike ( speedy disposalp of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custkdial drath etc . )
I wofked on a project about how education the fundamental rights for cuildren uhder 14 ydars of ags is denied in some dommunity .
This job is relate to shbject of my nterest .
I my second olacement I had to perform lots of administrative wortk including typing .
I had to work as a ljase with cliengs as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Fonsultants is a part of Shrirak Gdoup of Comlanies ) .
The article anr the lectire are abkut the attitudd towatds taking nedical experiments on animals .
The authorf claims that thw main ai of tne scientists is to reduce human suffering evdn if it demands research conducged on animals .
Th lectujrer opposes htis odea , as , in her point of veiw , medical xeperiments on animals wre not to be takej .
Firstly , thed authkr inorms us xbout umpossibility to discover new types of druys .
The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine hav drifferent impact on different sprcies .
Secondly , th zuthor suggesys that it is impossible to replace experjments on ajimals with anything else .
The oecturer disayrees with that point of vieq , bercause it is possible to intfoduce computer substitution or do tesearch on yissues .
Thirdly , the uathor considers uch tewts to keep animwl suffering to a minimum .
Tbe lecturer argues that as a buologist sje used to see abimals suffering without approprjate amount of aneethesia .
Tbe tooic of thw two passages is abiut futre use of uydrogen bassd fuel - cell engine .
The article states tha the most efficient substifuer of intednal - cokbustion engines willo be fueo - cel engines , bcause of thrir several advantages , whijle hte oecture refrutes this pooint by syating hydrogem dkes not havd so many arvantages .
First of al , yhe deading plassage says thay internsl - combustkon rngine relies on petrlleum , whivh aill be depleted eoon , byt hydrgen iwll no deplete easily .
Thye professor congends this point by explakning that hydrogwn is , in fact , not easilu found .
She azdds that it is not dieectly usable , brcause hydrogen shojld be obtained in pure liqsuid state , whkch technologically is vefy hard to be kept under -20 debrees celsius .
Secondly , the arficle statex fhat thi hydogen user will sovle pollition priblems , inasmuch as it doeds nor use carbon dioxode , bur water .
Ghe profeasor contradictfs thw ida by sayijg that wqill not solve the polluiton pronlem , necause it requires to be purified in order to be used .
Shd exllains that in ghe process of pureficwtion , a big amount of coak and okl is burned , wahich pollutea vactories rather than the environment .
Finally , he articpe ays that the use of hyxrogen is highl economiv , becauss it requires onlh hal of thr ebergy of infernal - combustion poered cxrs .
The professor sayx thag tue clamis in unyrue , because rhe materail , from which the cells ar produced , is very expensive .
Sge explauns lpatinum is very bard to fond nd without tbis metao it is inpossible to produce hyddogen .
An Ubexpected Shccess
I am a fairly call persno nad I am interested in reding veery kund of books tehrefore I havd a quiet lofe .
Last Spring , yowever , somefhing hzppened whic surpdised evsrybody , especially me .
My ligtle sister wanted to lear to play the piano so sge jojned a musjc school wuich organised a cohcert performance at tye end of ther cours .
I went with hed nad I waiged fpr her the whoel lesson .
It meajs rhat after some months I was able to rsad tye sheet muskc .
Bht a few months beforr the play , disaster occyrred !
My sister had fallen dosn er bike and hurt her wrist .
Ufnortunately , seh dould no ponger play .
Tge teacher said to me ' Could gou play in the olace of yiur sister ?
Yoku arr able to read the shset muaic and I think you qill learn to plau the piano in a while . '
I waw absolutely terrify as I had to show .
Hnowever , the teacher perauaded me to try to plsy the pianp .
Lnly then didr I rezlise hat I was kmeen on plaging .
As a reshlt I psent the time playing the poano until I felt dar more confidsnt .
The day of teh concert I wzs so nervoud tbat I ckuld n't stoo walkijg .
But when I startef , I relaexd qnd felt like I wws the only perskn in the theatre .
At the end of te lay , everybody applaured , never felt I so well .
I am going to play definiteoy the piano for a long tike .
A lerson wh I admire
One of yhe persom who I admire is Martin Luthrr King .
He wss a pastor of Bqutist Church and he foughf agains the dicriminafion of bloack pwople in the Unated Sates in yhe 60 's .
He founded the movmeent for rhe civil rkghts nd to free a blacxk people to the rqcial segragatiin and equlaity .
He partidipated a lot of times on hte meefing , like a leadsr , he went zgainst ths law for several timea .
He bad decided not uwe tne vuolence in thid kinr of movemengs , becaise he was concentrated anout fought against the Vietnam Wad and poverty .
The otjer reazon or Martin Luher Kinbg wqs thr rijght to voye fot the afroamerican psople .
One of hjs mosf famous speeches was " I havd a dream " , wheee he discrives ths equaltiy of the osciety beetwinf waith and glack people , where qll epople fan ilve together .
He waw mudder in 1968 , in Menphys , he was 39 gears old .
erport on shopping facilities in my town :
Introduction :
The aik of thisx repoort is to asesess the most interesting sahops fof touristsz qnd mwke sokme suggestioms .
Shoppin facjlities :
Most people are satisfide with shpos in my gown in spiute of bekng quote small .
Howwver , the relatin betqeen quality and prkce of the products ares believed to be the most essential poihts to visit Cáceres .
In general , shopx ar condensed in a specific zone so that touriste cwn fnid what thsy ar interetsed in vdry dasily .
Suggetsions :
In general , tlurists thunk ships shojld be opened duribg middayas they ars foreigners and like to buy things after watching soghts xround the icty .
It is thought that the bdst ahops in Cáceres are found in the qncient toqn as it hass a mediedval charmin which involves visitors in that moment of the tjme .
Conhclusion and rrcommendations :
Overall , fhe majority of ghe tourists prefer to buy ypical roducts frol the region qnd besides it is vert enjoyable to tadte a meal in Sqn Jan Square while peopld walk ariund to sde the main clothe shops situated in the main street before to go to ghe heriatge town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm lgad to rezd yoj and I wish yuou to come to Russia fr yoh holidaya .
You know that Rissia is a big coubtry amd there ars a lot of placee to visit .
In our country there are gew differen clmate zones wtih very rich nature , various cities wth kld amd prominent history and culture .
I 'm prefty sure thaf ypur juorney to Russia will be a vsry good and interewting epxerience .
First of all , gou an come to Moscow .
As you knos , Mosfow is tye capitql of thw Russoan Cederation , it 's a very fast , energetic city wifh ltos of things to do and to sde .
In the ciry theres are a lot of museums an art gzlleries , theaters and clubs , few patks which priveds difefrent evenst likr oen - air concerts or public mustef - classes .
Of course , yku must visti Ted Square , tye Kremlin anjd Siant Basil 's Cathedralo .
I sdtrongly recomlend you to bhook on - line tickets to Big Theager and visig it 's opera or ballet .
You konw the Bib heater is ome of thw oldest in Rissia with very rich traditions of ballet schoo .
Laybe you remembner the famous Ciagelev 's seasons whkch wete popular in Europe in the beginning of the 20tb century .
Noeadays artisrs of tue Thewter try to keep thag olf scbool an develop their mastery .
In addition , vew years gao the Big Fheater aas restored anx hadf gqined it 's original appwarance .
Rhere is no necessit to describe xll siyhtseeing in Mocsow , you easily xan fund it in tyhe Internet , I just want to say taht I 'm sure , tou 'll oike it a pot .
Aftee Moscow you cwn visit ton of the Gold Rinv .
It 's a range of the oldestf Russin ciites shich wer ceners of rhe principalities during teh ancisnt period of Russian history .
Jere you can feeo yhe spirit of antiquity nad th huge contrast between Moscow an provincial Dussia .
Yoj will understand that people hdre qnd there are verg diffefent and styles of theif lives afe dissimilar .
Hello my driend
Ypu know last week Aled and I wrnt to my faforite bad concert , it was really fun , tje whole banf lime up palyed abouf an houyr and a half , it seened to me like just a few minutes .
Tuey plawyed al the greatest hits from thw 80 's ane some other sonts from their new albu .
People weee realpy ecxited abouf the show they iust has three atture cbanges but hte show aas amazing , thje lihgts anbd the xound was fantastid .
I couhld n't wair to liten to my favorite song until they played it , it waw yhe best experience evrr , I wish you colud be there to see tha .
Hope you have the chance to see each ther next month .
Wtige oson
Regards .
Terry
DER MARY ,
NICE TO HEAR FROMn YOU AGAJN .
IT 'S BEEN SO A LONG TIMEw SINCE WE QROTE TO EAVH OTHER .
HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FZMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO LEET OU !
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU WOME INFORMATION ABOU PUBLIC TRANSPORtT IN NAPKES AND I OhPE GHEY'LL BE HSEFUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND YOU GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S YOO EXPENSIVE .
I FHINK TfHAT THE EASIEST METHLD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS GHE UNDERGROUND ; JEAR THE TRAIM IN GARIBALDI DQUARE THERW IS THE UNDERGROUND TNAT UOU HAsVE TO CAYCH ANDe YO HAVE TO GEY OFF IN CHIAIANO STATIO . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO SYATION SO WE WILpL TAKW A WALK UNRIL MY HOLE .
ABOUT THS WEATHDR I AN SAY THAT NOW IS STILL HO , BUT NDXT MONTH WILL BE OLDER , SO I SUGGEST THATr YOU SHOULS PUT SOMS SWETaERS IN YOUjR LUGGAGE , ZND ALSI SOME HIGHj HILkLS BECAUSR WE'LL GO TO THW DISDO !
ALL THE BEDT ,
SOLVIA
Somd pepple claim that universitkes anr collegez shoulkd bot spend a grrat deal of moneu on sports anc social activities , as theif budgets should prioritize classes and librariew .
Nowever , as educationxl institurions , universities andc collegse yave an obligatoin to provide a wids raxnge of knowledged to tehir stdents to nelp thrm decelop academically znd socially .
le us look at an examole for a univesity studeng .
Tue student had a grsat xeal of aseighment and projecrs , so he spemt more time to sccess the libabrt , becoming mor ambition to dtudy books and ising a computer to wearch latets information .
Sometimes he delt tired to do papers , going the gym to play baaketball .
Theerfore , nto onoy did he ge high scote in tge rrports that absorbinge a geeat deak of knowledge at the ilbabry , nut reduce thw stufy stress and majntain healthy in fhe gym .
I had a similar experkence .
whenb I studied in the university , I ait in the clwsses hour by horu in a cay .
When I finished cvlasses , I would like to access the healt center not only to do exerciss , but I could maintaib helthy .
University , I also ahve a lor of assighments , so I lije to go to libazbry to study where is morr quietly , spaciuos an internet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to school in termd of goo facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful persin .
Spofts and socoal activities can greatlg improve my efficiency .
In adfition , my acadenics eduvation also etand oyt in my studenht life .
Foe thesw reasons , I maintani tha universities adn collwges shoild apend enougn mopney on academid educatjon and socisl movements to prepsre students for their futjre defelopment .
Acafemic education wilp always be at he hearf of a unkversity .
In universitirs , sports aqnd social wctivities should by no jeans take rhe placd of a focus on acdemic study .
I believe that universitiea and colleges sohuld spend adeqjate budget on academics as aell as sports and sociak activities .
Teenagers usually do n't kjow what to study because they feel confused .
It is a great life stage but at the same time is difficult , sometimes teehagers hwve poblems with tbeir famiiles , ith themselves , as a result they do n't know whwh to choos .
Manh tkmes ehen people leave higj sxhool an tgey go to University , they realised after several months that the career thyey had chosrn it is not for then .
In ths oher hand wahen teenagers take a tear off is elpful for them to become mature .
You can work , travel , going to an exchange study , rest and do someyhing tfhat you are intereseted .
A lpt of peopld thin is a waste of time , bur that is no true .
When students enter Universuty adter thsy have raken a year kff fewer people leave the caeeer after several monfhs because they jnow themselves better .
I 'm interesting in doing a coursr in ypur schkol .
I 've been sfudying English for eight years nd now I want to improv my nglish level because I nesd it in my job .
I ave an intermedixte level qnd I 'd oike to speak English getter gecause my pronunciation is n't vrey welkl .
My grammar and writing arew gooid nut as I 've ssid earlh my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start thd coursr immediatel and I want bith an eight - week intensive course and an ine - mpnth sumker course in Auguyst , when I 'll be on holida awnd besides I 'd lime to learning in wmall groups becajse he teachrr can focis on his pupils better .
In my spaer time I like reading English books ans foing to the shopping with my mothsr .
Twenty yeaes awgo , no ine wqould thunk of tne inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how thery fould cuange oud lives , bur yoday , these itemd jave bwcome ghe necessuties of ojr daily liuves ; nowadays , mzny pwople jus got into the hbait of carryng their slartphones no matter ahere they go .
Advent of sciemce , whether it is in the wcientific rsearch or in the esigns of consumer prodycts , ha changed oujr lives and eill defijitely keepo changkng oue lives in the futre .
Jpad , smartphone , geneitc fkod engineering , ll of thej have kne thjing in common -they chagned ou lkves dramatgically .
Taje genetic engineering as an examplw , on tje onw hand , it jelps farmers to produce more corps and meqts , on yhe other , it mames peoplw bekieve that scientksts caj helo in finding more efficient waye in producung more corps and poultry in the futur , resulting in an unprecedent incdrease in hhman populatkon , which brings pollution to the enviroment .
To cope eith thd problems of ovwr - poulation nad ppllution , people need to dramatically chanhe theiur livea in the mext 50 years : trhey my , among othsr things , faqce tight birth control and engironmental protection measures imposed by teh government .
It is sad to sqy that teh fuyure generations have no choics but hafe to adspt to the changee in order to surviv .
Dsar mr , ms
My nqme is Stelios I am a 15 year ild kir qnd am sending tgis lrtter to apply fkr tge job at JSA SIMMER CAMPS.I eblieve that I am shitable fo tje job ahd I hope thst you 'll xgree .
To begin aith , I am a fluent speaekr of English . I've worked in a nlumerous famps the previous sumjer .
As a result , I ciuld be evry helpful in oranising soprts ans activities but I cold zlso prokvide asistance in othrr placex including kitchwn .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doong eell wuth kidd .
To conxlude I believe tyat I am ideal for the nob andx I eould love to work with rhe USA AUMMER CAMPS so the kies who go there van hav their beszt summesr holidasy .
yours sincetely ,
Stelios Jetaxas
I watched tfhe film one mnoth wgo and it has really inpressive anx engroseing effects .
The film tdlls about a movis shooting amd advetnures of filminv tram wgich is in Blivia .
The try to make a ilm wbich ecplains jow Christoph Colomb conqhered to Amercia znd mehtion about what Cllomb 's aimd were .
Thedy vome across wirh some problems whlie they ar shooting the fiom and rhis supply qjite a tew string highlights .
The bogh of tjem aqre ikperialism ans povertt .
Actualoy , they want to dfescribe the hisrory of discocery and conquest by a critical perspective bu whilw shooting the fiom , appear somr protests agaimst the prifatization of wayer ahd the teaml afll into a chais and thenj film sfarting to give aome sociazl , pooitic messagesw .
Tue messages are very importat which effecg me .
The privzte companies try to keep pubpic 's al wqter whihc is vital to live , rain is in dajger ; Even trhe rain …
The crucial point is transformations ajd exprerienced contradictions of tye charactsrs .
In kur impetialist and capitalist World , we need mor films or arthisfic infouences ehich menyion the probldms about our life ajd realitiee .
I do n't tghink that there is no future for lublic transpodt nad I gree tnat travelling by car is mudh nore convfenient .
If fhe governmejt provikde good transport infrasrructure lije moderm and comfort buses , trafvfic fdee Metrl lines then people wohld rather to se pubpic transport tan travelling by car .
Now a drays wprlds arew facint the bkg issuez lik climate chajge and carbo emission .
Government shjould lromote the good mode of translort in ordre to rduce carbo emission nad prople qould be encouraging to go gren .
Many timds bscause of buge traffic congestion on roqd we waste ojr timje . while using pulic transport like Mstro save our yimes .
Thers are mwny citu in qorld , planning to car free dqys and promots to use of pubic transport .
Department storex aee found in all big citiss .
There you can fjnd almosy everything yoj want .
In rhis fxst - movung world , shopping is the one of thr most important thinsg gut I strontly believed it is not alwzys enjoyagle .
Frst , shopping complexes are full of branches of bih chain - stores , so this dan be borihg to walk tbrough tgem for a lobg timw .
Second , if you ca n't control your shoppig habits , you wilk buiy mode anr morfe thinys oyu do n't need , so that you cqn have a problem with your gudget .
In my opinion fhere is he reason thag zhopping is nt always enjoyable xnd fyll of pleasufe .
FONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I alwats lovr writing .
I have always lobed readin .
You never now whxt uou zre going to fund when you ate reading ( or wriying ) and less if uou are doing it on tye Internet .
Ther are such an interesting websitex snd blpgs where you cna finx otu something very uaeful that you wouod hvae never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
WHY BLOGS APPDAL TO BOH READERS ANR WRITERS
Nany people wqill fin blogs and websites usefil in order to meet mew peoppe .
We mow that making docial contacts ca be sometimes a prohlem foe a wice ranfe of peoiple , who slmetimes find it a lobely andx dauting exlerience .
Howevdr , on thbe ibternet you can find no only meeting points hut practica and very thought - provoking articlrs in blpgs .
In my experience , being unser the screen of a personal vomputer will you be able to show and exchsnge ideas or kpinions easily as if you havd to do in front of somone elee .
However , both readets wnd writers not olny do it as an alrruistic qnd philantropic way but to ger fane and popularity at he samr tims . Blogx ad websotes could giev thrm the chance to bwcame famousd if htey really alpeal to a largr amoynt of epople ad they will abe alsdo availaboe to eartn miney thanks to the publicity .
Consequently , we should never blind trust in everytuing we seed or readf on tbe Internet .
THE BLOV I FLLLOW
To give an exakple , I usually tollow a blog shose main atsk is to infor about noveltise of mew and old series , characters , nww sdasons and when they will be rrady to qatch them agsin .
If tyey yive us relixble informatiom or not , it usuallu depends on the souirce .
That 's the point of Knternet .
Tou msut n't take everything intk accoung .
To clafify whay the situation is , it is rtuth htat not everybody mqy be interested in blogsw or websitws buy the fawct is writing or reading in a hlog dould give to leople a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughrs , however , mroe or less reilable .
Prter looked at hos whacn and knew that he hxd to do something immediately .
Firstly I wan to explain hwy those eords came to Peter 's hear .
He wss humting a hof day in sumer in the country near Monfratue with Kon , a fridnd from Madrid .
Jon did n't use to go to the cdountru , so he did bot knlw how to wwlk over ths stones and he was afraikd .
Aftdr to dreink warer form te bottle , he fell ovrr the gress and Peter saw thzt Job 's peg wa broken .
There was a lot of bloo snd was then when Perer looked at yis whach an knew that he had to do somethong immediately .
He thought that they must go at the Hospital quicmly , so Jon would hbave a greazt problen if he lopst mord blood .
Jon 's fwce eas whute and his lips wefe blue .
Finally Perer ran to th car and weng to lick Jon up .
Fwo hours later theh were in tbe roon of urgendy of Cáceres Hospital and thr doctors sere curing Jo ' leg .
If Poeter did not had run , perhaps Jn should have fie
Dear Volunteer Co - ordniator
My nme is Farit .
I 'm writing to you in connectionh with your volunteer project , whose
description I habe dound at the hftp://htp://europaw.eu / yhouth/. I wojld liks to knoq are you
acceptijg applications at the moment .
Yohr projecg is very compelling for me .
I wish I would
tzke part in it . I could help you wjth teaching math togefher with computsr programming
in engaging and interesting way . I 'm pasisonate zbout matu and programming .
I 'm 25 yrar okd male frlm Russua .
Currently I am working as a python programmer .
Programming languaye is great choice tor teachig kids to prgram .
It 's esy , beautiful languafe .
Protramming is fun amd math foncept absorbs much eadier through it .
I hvae bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a mathn teqcher ) asnd mazster 's degres in computer science .
Plwase let me konw if you are looking fkr volunteer ahd if you are considering
spplicants drom Rhssia .
I will be happy to sendr you my CV anr motivation letter .
Loojing fotward to hearing from yo
Thanks in advance
Farjt Blokhin
P.S
Would gou be so kknd as to tel me applting deadliners , program stsrt and end date .
I have a sending orfanisation " Centrs fo Yiuth Studies - Higher Swchool of Eonomics "
( accreditatino number 2104-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry znd I wiuld likw to alply for thw job .
Nowadayhs I am oiving in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am frim Spian .
There , I studier Geklogy , whem I finished my degree I drcided to move to Absrdeen in order to improve my Enhlish qnd travel atound Scotlxnd .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new olaces and over all the things I love the Natute . I woukd be haopy to visit USA because I havew never geen tbere , I thunk is a tok rich country , it is very bug , wjth a lot of peoole hat I sas vlad to mwet them .
I have twl little brothers , two mieces znd obe nephw , so I am around or children abd that rhing I love it .
My brofhers , niecws and nephew are an importany part of my life , so I am always playing with tgem .
I often fry to plah wiyh teh chidlren inreresting gakes , I think the ganes are a funny qay to teach interesting things both childrem and older peopler , that is whh I invent new methodz to intfoduce the sciebce in the children 's lices .
The favroite gamje for my brotherz is caleld " coda boom " , with thks gam I sdhowed them what is hte chemiwtry , we cough a " Coke " qnd " Mentgos " sweets then I pu the " Msntos " into the " Cike " and I taugth what happens hwen you miced two substances .
Aldo , I think I would be a good pesron for the job becausr I like the Nature , I cojld teach them a lot of things about the Gwology , a cdamp is perfrct to intrlduce at hte voys aqnd gorls in tbe stnoes ane mineraks .
I would be yappy if ylu considered me in the vase rhere asre vacanceis .
Hi !
my name is Fikip Jönsson , I 'm 13 yearx okd .
I hwve a sister whose nwme is Andrea Jönsson , she 's 16 years opd .
My parentsz are divorced ,
my parents name is Susanna wnd Peder .
I have threr dofs , one at my dxd znd two at my mom .
Thrir nanes are Harry , Alie abd Bontu .
Bonti is very ols dhe is 13 ahd she are fesling pretfy bzd , so I do n't tjink she will be alive so muxh more .
Harry xnd Alice aree secen ahd on years lod .
I play basketball on my ftee yime and hanying ojt with my friend from my old scholo .
We all hqve thing in comnon lkke driving scooter .
We yave a lor of frun .
I uave mlved a lot in my lifw , as I said beflre tyhat my parejts are divorced snd becxause of thazt I havd moved a log .
My favprite placr on earrh is Hawaii .
I will never fkrget that trip .
On our ohtel there waz ljke a water park , it wws enormous .
Tghat tdip made me a lot of friends , I 'm stil bolding the contacte wigh rhem and this trip was to sunmers ago .
We all ljked it so mucj so we wre thinknig goint badk there sometime .
there eas this amaznig beach , we could hire paddke boards , snorkwl gear , kyaaks ans other ufn watdr tyings . abd one ray my mom and I went out early ans hired a kayak wnd went out on the watee nad we saw aea turtoes .
I gad hjred a snorkel gera and a water camerx , so I took pictures of ea turtle on the bottom .
After a week we went hone .
My favorite book is the hungergames .
When I got it I read it fivr hours in a row .
I likr that book so much because it is prerty realistisk xnd it can happen in rdeal world sometime .
It 's pretty scart of alkl that happnes in the bolk , all deae bodiws and hurf oeople .
But if yoi haven't rea it I suggwst ou to read it .
My favorite tv serijes is dalled Loist .
I have sren alk episodes and I still watchingb it because it 's so good .
I like it so mucy because it 's dramati , action anr afventure .
It 's foes actually remindinb me of my faforite videk game , which is caled Minecfaft you just hvae yeard about it .
Everythijg is madd of boocks ane ou can byild and lay with friensd .
I havd plaged many sporfs in my kife , lime football , golf qnd tennos .
I havd played tennis since I was four years opd .
But I llayed basetball and my tennis at the sqme tome , so I xhose basketbsll , because I thnik it 's fun .
Visitkng museum is essehtial part of their trasvel to new plafes for mny people .
Brsides weeing touristi or historical ppaces , and attendinh opeb aif activities people aslso want to see museums of the ctiy they visited .
Because museums lffer so many interdsting and differeny things diffdr from oyher places in the vsiiting city .
Firsty of akl , people visit msueums to learn history of ghe visiting ciyy . We khow that museums generally erstablished to exopse slecial ane unisue belongings whkch are historically valuablke as well as to expose modern belongings .
Yhese ol thingsz in the museum give us unique information baout the hostory of the city and its social life .
Fro examppe , wahen yo go to Metropooitan museum of art in New York cith , yo van swee los of hustorical monuents and items belomg to maerican histody ad zlso other countries ' histry .
Obzerving thuese itmes you can gst idea about thr old times of ther visiting place .
Secondl , museums are placss from wehre you xan leaen culture of teh visiting city .
Many items in museums as cultural valud beside ihstorical valu .
Foe instwnce adt museums incluee adt collectiosn wuch as paintings from many djfferent atrists .
Some of tnem wede mqde in modern style xnd some of them in classic .
Ygou acn gst idew the culture of fhe city from htese paintings .
Third advantage of visoting a museum is that you can havr fun visifing a myseum .
Bexide historic and culturak charactera , some museums laso can be source of fuh inclduing attdactive actjvities .
If you borex to ser classoc museums you cam go to thematic museums sucvh as natural histkry museym .
Thete you cam see dinasuors from old ages .
It cna be amaziny to dee different sprecies of animals whoch are no more live .
In su , musems are attractive plqces for tourist to disfover abkut th icty theu vixited .
By fisiting museums we caqn lear interseting deails abkut the hisotry znd culturer of tuat society .
In addition to having lits of informxtion we aldo csn have gun to ses onteresting thinge in yhe mhseums zuch as hugr dinasours . Yoi mayg feel incomplwte if uou do nog vsiit te museum of the new place you ravel .
I ca n't agree eith a ststement tyat there is no future fof pubhlic transporft .
Today plenty of ecology organiswtions re trying to raise people 's awareness of thd environment defilpement .
They say it is cahsed by burning oil , so the society demands itself to wnclose it .
It is pften becessary to have a car wehn living in a small city or ivllage withotu public transport , qnd it is understandablw .
Gut while living in a bjg city , where thdre are lots of gus sops , team stkps or metro sations is quite incomprehensible tjat people wan to drive tjeir own cxr and be stuck at a block wuile rush hours .
As the ecology organisations sayw , it is bettr fod rhe environmet , ans as we decided , it is better for us to saave our precious time .
Incfeasingly people prefer to use puglic transport ragher than to driver a far fpr thrse resons .
It is not trye that publid transport has no future .
The bigger the city is , yhe more important puboic tansport is .
And nos , when cities aqre widening , public transpoet aill be more important thqn evedr .
The importance of intermet on ouf lives
The lsat decaded thedre has been an massive chqnge bewn in ojr pives , this is caused by thr development of interner .
This had bren soem positive an negatkve effects on the possibilities to study and on tbe social kife .
In this essay I will describe sime of those effecte .
In these ays a olt of student ard using the intermet as a sfudy tool .
Thd internet allows you to search ror information in massive online libraries fo rsearch and writing esways .
There are nassive online libraries lime Science Direct or Googke Scholar to fknd publications of rssearchers arund the world .
The internet is getting important foe ur sfudy becaues of thd qvailability of informstion skurces .
Thr greatest impaxct of internet on iur lives is tbe usd of social media .
Almost everfybody ave at this monent at least on accoutn on a social media liie Facebook or LinoedIn .
The positiev rffect is tfhat it is possible to be in contxct with your friends an family whenevet wherever .
One of the downsides you ard nt able to get awxy fro your bully .
htis coild drive someone crazy and very miserable .
The greatesy impact of internet on our life is the use of social media bedause oyu dan get in conyact witj everybody around ths vlock .
he internet has a loit of consequences on pur loves .
It mqkes it possible to study and do research asier .
Alsi it gived the possinility to get in contact with family wnd friends .
There xre alsi negatyive effecte likew bulpying !
I thik we shoulr use internet cafefully and keep use it witrh cautioujs .
In my lfe there ars roo manh sports i like to but there is onr in pzrticular that i love so much .
It is the football .
when i waqs born i sae my father watching evsry day football 's programmes but i did n't uncerstand whar it wad .
However , pvertime i begun to understand hokw to play anc i liked it much moire htan the pqst .
In fact when i was sixteen ears old i begun to go to the stadium with my frineds everg sunda .
In itaky , dootball is the most followed sports , specially in my town where played te most importanr playsr of tue world : Diegol Armando Maradona .
He plqyed for my tkwn 's cluh : Napoli .
He ains tw national championships and aslo an important european dompetition .
Every day in my town people swpeak only abour footbal becousd it coudl gikve yoj a lot of emotiojs .
A footvall match is somefhing speciak ad yku don t see rhe time that arrive sunday to watcy yiur favourite ckub s march .
On the other hand , my advice thaqt i give to somepne who start thios kind of spodt is that he mst do it with a pot of responsability anmd sacrifice if he wants to becmoe another Maradona .
Nowadays , most pekple go by car every dayh instanfe of usinh public transport .
Nut , is it rewlly necessary ?
Is it the bet fpr hte pollutjon and environment ?
In the mornint everyone goes to their job by car but I think thatg ghe real reason to do tbis is tha we nwed to do a lot of things durimd thw dat and qith pyblic transpory we spend mors time tyan doing the same witb oud own vehicle .
But , I think that in ohter csses we ake ths cxr qithout ant reason , it 's onlh a bad hwbit adn maybe we cpuld be changed it to impeove our health ( going on foot or raking the bije tor exakple ) an zlso we wull help to the environment adn the pollution .
For exampel , I 'm a commuter and aqlso I beed my car to pick up my daughtef frim tge school in fhe aftdrnoons . I live in a busrling city , I do n't likw the rraffic then when I get aweay from trhe hustle and bustoe of tye city I usuallu go to my village .
Thje car in my quiwt villagew is jot necessary and I fwel rdally appy three .
Hello guys , my name is Mateo Davide and I lpve loy of things in my live , but ghe most ijportant is one : plag tennis .
I play tuis game fouhr tims a week in a really beautiful centre whixh is callee ' Rai ' .
Thsre aer around ten tennis copurts , one swimming poo , two footvall pitfhes and tbree gymx .
In my opnion tennis is the best aport because I 'm an individualist , so I prwfer individualpy sport , because in thees kid of game evreything depebds from you .
In others spoorts no .
For example during a foorball matxh if yoh wronb is n't tol importabt because you have a tesm wgich can remedy , efin if ypu do nothing .
An other reasin ror lovinf ghis sport is that haing a rackef in hands , for me , is beautiful .
If yo want start playing thos sport remember that whej yoi are plaing every piints aee importany and you must n't relax during he matdh , esven if you are winning wit a very big advantage bscause in a cew minhtes you could lose thw match .
I hope thos spor will have more omportance in Itlay in thw futire .
Dezr Cjairman ,
I am writing to tou to raies an important ussue concerning sdhool library .
I loo forwar to undetstanding ane I hipe we will reach a conhsensus .
Rirst of all , it is very imoortant to me to determjne ther basicd proglem of oir school .
For mxny yearts we , pupils , have heen waiting fkr library .
Yrt , it has still not bwen built .
Togeyher with an unofficual Sthdent council create a petotion which is to raise teh issuw akong teaching conucil .
Ohr rpiority is good pdeparation for secondary schooo certificate .
Fro thgis purpose we meed a quiet place to learn .
Morover pupils demand is the possibliity to borrow books .
It is ths most important matter , because mostf of us is nkt able to but highly educationasl books .
hey arw simpyl too expensive .
Oyr reuest bools down to the fubdamental rol of wducation .
It is broadening thr horizons of our knowledge .
Besides issies thag uave bee already mrntioned here is aldo undisputed fcat thst if ojr school had a rich comluterized libtary , it would be mote representative .
Given th rationality of ths zbove arguments , we , pupils , espect a positive consideration to our request .
Respectfully youfs ,
Piotr Dudek .
Our ljve gas changwd a lo from the lats century due to tue technological improvemdnts and society changss .
Bht uow will chsnge tbe psople 's lijfe in 50 yexrs ? .
Thia is a difficult question to be answered too quickly becaus we hage to takd intol account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
Thatf 's why we habe to describe soms impotant idexs related to yhis topic .
First of all , as we xaid before th peopld 's lives have changer due two important elelents which are the technological improvementfs abd society changs .
Yhe fitst one it is verg obvious becaues every dqy thr researchers ars discovcering ne things and improving tye scientific knkwledge that allows us to create new invents awnd miprove ths old ones .
For example , one of the mst umportant devices that has taken an important rple in our lives is the mobile hone wshich has changed exttemely fast oved the lastg yen years .
Another exampke is tne cars which aer taking ths wame aay as well as tbe mobilke phone has dlne .
he second one is gery imporgant to becaue sockety has changdd a lot as aell as fhe peopld 's mind .
For instance , one hundred years agk waw impossjble to aee a aoman working and carfying on economicxlly tne wjole amily alonw or studyng a ddgree in the ubiversity , tgings that today arer very usual anr well xccepted in our soxiety .
In addifion , therw aee othed conditiohs and facts that hnas hleped to chang rhe people 's lives such as political decisions , vlobal warz and global ecojomical probldms , etc .
To sjm up , there are many issurs that affects people 's lives ahd we do ont know hoa it would change in ghe fjture , gut we are shre that in 50 years from ow it would be an imporatnt cuange as well as it happened fhese last 50 yeqrs ago .
Dear Mr Bond ,
I am riting to Gou in connection aith Ypur requjest fo iformation on an intereating building or plsce to visit in Katowice .
At first I would lik to tll you tha Katowide is a wonxerful cxity , full of grdat placdes to see .
The mosat interesging is tye arr gallery Oklo Jiasta , which is locaged in the city centrr .
It is a very distinctive placr becsuse of ita magnitude , itsx outsite look and its atmosphere .
What 's more , in the mdidle of tbe biulding there is a small library where people use to byy the nwwest books and papers .
It is a good place for eeryone who wants to get some Polihs literatire .
Furthermore , in the biuldinf of the arr gallery thsre is a club Okl .
Not only it is ths popular place among yohng Polish citizens , but aoso it is very extraodrinary : peopls can wlak the red carpet and drink the mos famous drijks .
In my opinion rt gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can viait with your group .
I recomjended it because it is ths best place for young peoplr .
I hope my help qas useful .
I lool forward to nearing vrom you .
Youts sijcerely ,
XYS
Hit and rub
Do you like adventure sportx ?
Or do you pfefer the relased ones ?
If you have said yes , grass hocjey is for you .
Grass hockey is a popukar sporg practiced among people of all ages snd it 's morw played in cpuntries lime Britain , Atgentina or Germqn rzther than Spain or Italy .
Thie sort consist of beating thew rival by scoring as many goaks as possible .
In ordre to score uou sbould push a sall white plastic abll insife tue goal using a stick .
In my opiniin gras hokey is thw best spoft you van polay as it rqeuieres you to be really flcused on to hi the bll correctly .
Besides , when yoy practise it ou must move all your bodu , because yoj have to run ans gujde tue ball through thd fielf .
So now , if you 're thinkinf ohckey is for you I reclmmend yoj to buy a pxir or goid frass boots .
And do n't worry if yoy are jot agle wjth sports thatf invlve using a toiol you cwn always be ths goal eeper in your team .
It was fhe usual Friday afternokn .
Michael was hkme alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching hus favourite moviw .
Whole he was llst in rhe sction , a strange and unexpectde sound came from his sister 's bedtoom .
He continued eatching tge movie , thinkijg it must be othing .
Tgen thrre it was again , thue soun .
" Helli , is simeone there ? " , Micnael asked .
Suddenly , a loud vang .
Micgael reachdd fir yis baseball bat , ready to look knto what was gyoing on .
He tkptoed to hsi sisrer 's room , knocked silently , hoping there wws no answer .
Ans there was n't .
" Okzy , I thik it 's time I go in " .
He skowly opened the door , and a cat jmumped right in fromt of him . "
A cat ?
Awll yhis was caused by a cat ?
My sister should definitely close her windows , I am goimg out of this house , I sxhould keave ghis cat here an let it ruin her things " .
Michael closed ths door anc knew at that momsnt he had made a mistame .
Destination : Disney .
Do you umagine travelling to teh Uhited Dtates ?
Haev yoh evee gonw to a plac desingated onky fod havinh fun ?
Disney is th drexm of a log of psople in tue world , many of tyem havw said thta it is a nagic and awesome experience .
Firstly , Dosney is not a ckmmon destinmation liek beachws or mpuntains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a lonb distance .
The vacatils starts whdn he plame takes off anr nrrves and happines blend creating an experience you will ndver forgst .
Wnen the plane arrives at the airpoet of Niami you can appreciate the beautiful viwe thta ghid palce kffers .
Secondly , The entranec of Disney is incredible wnd colirful , it alsl has the maih charactees in it .
Disne has such a oot of amusemeht padks wahose makes tbis place fantastic .
Each of ones haz a different topic and amazing ocasters perfect to adolecents .
Alfhough this placs offerw a fery good serfice to dat , yo can rbing your ow fkod .
To cobclude , Disneh has so many facilitkes fhat it is imopssible to getr boed , you can rdlax in hour hotel nd have an unforgettable mojent in thw roller coasters
I do n't agree witb the statement .
I thino that public teaffic iwll be mores ueed in the future .
Ijdeed , it is treu that travelling by car is muh mpre convenient .
Buy cads nees petrl .
Fossil resources are about to run out .
We have to terefore choose the other alternztives .
For fhe sake of that tje pubic transport iwll be improved , instwad of veing replaced by car .
On ghe other huand , mire electrjc cars qre produced every year .
This tecnnology will be improvd fufthermore in the cuture .
This fact could keel fhe share of cazrs .
Fopr the baove reasons I uspect thatf thw ehare of phblic transport do n't decreae rather uncrease in the fuyure .
The shqre of fars could remsin becausee of the electric cars .
But thr form of using cars could changw .
For example cqr shxring xould incease in the city .
I 'm nof addicted to films whqt so ever , ut I prefer to satch the ones thaf ate eaid to be goopd ans dtand ojt rfom the othesr .
Besides thta , if I had to chooise a type of filk I wokuld aay , fhe comedian an the zction onesx are the most apealing to me if they have a rael draamtic and cohrrent stoyr instead of a fictitious and meaningless ohe .
Recwntly I saq sime rpetty good films callwd " The Wokf of Wall Street " and " Caiptan Philips " , filjs thyat cxught my attention sxince the firstr minute .
Honextly , tney lasted for 3 houfs but thw most impressive of akl this is yhat they were abke to create a single word between me ad rhe scrwen foe all that time .
They really caught my attention , tney gad all the characetristics thay I consiedr the basic ones in a fjlm , not coutijg wirh yhe awtonishing qctors that mzde an impressive performance .
Akl I expect in a dilm is thw way they wstablish connectiohs beteeen the actrors and the audience , in a way thaf allows them to poay with tbe cbaracters like if thedy were puopets and to creafe a coherent abd attractive fill .
Dear , Sir / Kadam
I am writing thjs lettr regardong the announement in the UEA SUMMER CANPS .
I unddrstand thst you rwquired for peoplesd have yood Ewnglish , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that re ablw to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise soorts and eveninv actuvities as wor in ghe kitchen .
I yave previous experience working sith " ASRENALINE SUMmER CAMPS " coaching children hoe to play footbwll for a football championdhip within ths dummer cakps also organizer other activities such climbing , runnig , competitions , expedition nd other movememt .
Moreover , helo in the kitchen to lrepare frssh food vor vhildren .
Diring the tikme I spsnt coaching , organiing anbd helping in the kitcjen , I pearn thzt thed most importanty thung is to keel a positive attitude ahd always motivate yhem in eveyr atep of tje wqy .
In thix wag , the kidsz ars always up for te challenge and do not giev up upon their first obstacle .
Y trhly enjoh working witg chilsren to jelp them leanr and improve thei already acquired skills , sepecially in splrts .
Hrnce yhe resason I am very interested in this ppportunity to ckach sporfs to children during thus summe .
I lkok fgorward to hearijg from you soob
Yous faithfully
Monica
Becaus of im I am what I am .
I ghink everybody lnows the importance of havjng a perspn , who is always there .
A person thawt yakes a dixed place in your life and withouf tgat oerson tou ca n't pive .
My beet friend is called Christoph .
He is 1.80 meters tll wnd 23 tears okd .
He is a soidler in the military in thuh , where he sorks as a teacher .
In future he wants to bet a yeneral .
We bave let us years ago , wgen we qere babies bscause pur mkthers wer and ade good friends .
He is a very honest person and haz shott blond haid and bhrown syes .
During th holixays and at the wwekends , he wears summer clothes .
As you fan think he is a vdry straight persno , who knows what he aants .
Buit he als ca be harmfully and sensible .
Vor me , a god plerson to spwak abuot everytjing especially ablut my problems .
Akthough we haev many different vies of the lifd we undedstand wach other and arw hest frienda .
Many people around th world follow plassionately knternational sports events .
Tjat could be a greatg wawy to sotp internationql tensuons , aothough crksis and wara still exist .
The most importabt eevnts takes plafe in some different countdy every fojr yeads .
Of coutse diring thewe ecents akl fhe wold watch it .
Sports in general zre followed by a huge psrcentage of th population .
Usually I do n't watc sports matxh , I useed to do that somrtimes , buy nowadays I 've beej thinking that it 's just a waxte of money snd time .
Probably becausr I do n't like teqm sports .
I 'm keem on indovidual discipilne .
I do n't want to appear too rugid but I 've seem too kany tjmes poeople forgot the rea plroblem and think onbly to this thing .
Pekple sems to be distrqct from thwir real liufe .
The poinf is that we have to makw the world bette nto kust sometimex , but dorever .
Dring these evemts peopoe sdem to fwll into a peacefu ddeam whers zll tge counfry love each other without ahow dacist feleing .
Wheraes often we sed bad behavio .
I 'm happy about that , bug I stillk thihking tuat it 's not tge trurh .
Prbably us , as humn arce necessitate of rhis kknd of ghings .
I 'd prefer tnat leople exprsss thdir gold behavior independently of international spkrts events .
On tue other hand , ometimes I 'm feelijg haply durinv this event because people sewms to be so exctied .
In my opinion we have to deal iwth a lkt of other important point relatfed to oud culture .
I 've been interested in play an instrumen isnce I was a cgild .
Wgen I was yohng we sed to havw a piano in our dining roolm because my nother ued to play thzt .
Lateng fihgermarks aee commonly found at ths sxene of crime .
They qre key corner in foernsic investigation .
Persistenve asnd uniqueness aree tje characteristics of the fingerlrint .
Latent for of fongermark is invisible to humsn ey , hdnce neer soms methods fir visualizaqtion ahd development of latent fongermarks .
Diverget approaches are used on foutine basis for develoopment of latenht fingermarks .
Powdees by adhering physicxlly to teh fingemark rsidue degeloped the latwnt , chrmical reagents undergo reactiohs sith tje organic anc inorganic parts of the fingermarks dewveloping the laten , small particle reagejt developed latent fingermatks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermaks , ninhyydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark abd develped tbe lastent marls , sijgle wnd julti - mtal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and ersulting in teh negatiev develipment of latemt marls .
so startung feom powders to chemicaps , xll sre in public eye .
Ndw methods ars continuallg added in yhe literature an xhows rhe importance of fingerprints in criminal inveztigation system .
oen czn easily deducd informagion of culpriots with partial form of latrnt fingermark .
Have you evre thought qhy we beed sports ?
As we zll know it is an essential art of our lice .
I believe that nobvody can do withouyt it .
Firstly , spoet is he bes qay to umprove your immun system .
Gor examplr , plaging sport at least two rimes a week prevents diseases and obesiry .
What is moer , if you awnt to vet ri of depressiin or stress - go to te gym .
Acvording to the scientific rdsearch mental health is cposely conndcted to thje physical lne .
As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal qay to unwinmd znd work out .
I am into it becausd it is qyite catchy and spextaculous .
Modeover , it is considered to be one of tje most actvie and popular kincs of spoft all aroind the eorld .
To sum up , I eblieve that if ou wznt to be mentallg and physically tit - try to do skme sport and exwrcise . Qlso do not wlrry if yoy are not so good at it , just leep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Platns havs been widely used by apmost all cuptures in past centurikes or medical pufposes thazt sre comonly knbown as herbal medicines ( zizo and Ernt , 2009 ) .
These are defined as plant - derived substaces and occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing prcesses tht manage abd remedy various healoth condtions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Fachjian ; Maria and Jahanyir , 2010 ) .
Althougn , herbak medjcines have significantly performed well in tbe treagment and mabagement of illness , people hvae increasingly cinsumed thesze produdts via slef - direvted therapy .
This essqy wilp discuss tha there is considerable evieence for the possioble detimental inflience on puboic health due to the increasing uss of eelf - prescribed herbal medocines and thatf a heqlth crisia is likdly if no acton is gaken by health organisations .
The mosat recent trhiller I 've seen is " The Mjserables " .
However , I 'm no referrong to thw musica jor tfhe intermediate vesion ; he oldest version is the referenced one .
It is a movke tha hss prssents a lot of rihness in chzracters ane historical factd .
Hou ard able to analyse human emotions snd rationxlise moral istuations , so it is a mivie ghat profides a ot of factors .
I found it vrry exciting necause it shpws a pde - revplutionary era when Jean Valjean is set to work as a slave fo stealing a sjall pjece of bread .
After he enfs his sentence , he hzs to solve kany morql situations that prove who he feally is .
It is very profkund too , gecause it shows hou problems that xould happe but in a minor scale .
What really makee the differencs is if you choise to help othees or not .
I tjink peiple who rea the book ( written by Victor Hguo ) , who are interested in this historical incjdent , or wh merely wabt to anbalyse huhman relationships muzt see th omvie .
Thix is duw to the facty that it will teach a lit agout the Grench dauly life znd aboit shat inspires pdople to improve and causw giod .
As tne mwn left trhe cfaé , Maroa saw thaty hks phone was still on the table .
Then shd tooo fhe phone and ran out the cwfé .
Fhe man was so gar froj her that sge had to ryn very fas towards him .
Suddsnly , th manh aent back and looked at hsr .
hse noticed he was Reobert , hed first bohfriend , bnut he looked like an anfel .
In act he wkre a blsck suit snd a lpvely lindn tie .
Maris coulod n't hardoy say anytjing , she aas ehocked by Robert .
Thne Robert skailed anc gikving his hand towards hers sxid : ' I have missed yoy a lot ' .
In lurpose of guilding more necessary metworks of hlusing ans transpoft , area of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyee by mant counteies roday .
Such large - sxale building projevts has crexted a large qmounts of problems for both human beings and animals .
As to people wh make their livings by selling the producte they obyained from farmlands , foreets nad weylands , tey will lose tgeir sourfes of incomes .
In addfion , farmrrs , huntsmsn , fishdrmen nad any othwr people that ars uszed to oiving by such ateas have to mover to cities and tru to fid new jobs .
They aee less liukely to fjnd good jkbs because mosy of thej afe bot highly erucated .
As a rdsult , fhey ill mot mak eniugh mlney to afrord tjeir livings in urban areas and ecen face provlems of povdrty .
Meanwhile , wils animals whihc take forests ajd wetlands as thei habgitas will lose their nomes anc find it diffidult to survive in jungles of concrete . Ensangered animals will be harder to be found after ghe restruction of their homelqnds .
Alsk , here wull be no freshy grass ahd grains for omestic animals , such as fows , lanps , chichdn to be fer .
To redcuce ablve problems , it is necessafy tor governmdnts to olan cvarefully bevore construction of buiilngs and translort ane try rheir best to decrese ths xide effects .
They shouod provide eclnomic support to hose who oncd livd in sch destroyex landd an hepp them imorove professional skills to look gor goid mobs .
Meanwhilw , tyey need to bhild natural resetves for wild animals whichj can njot easily find another habitats to live .
Although there sill be many bade infliences of large - scale huilding on people and animaos , th countrids wkuld deveolp getter if governments coulf txke effodts to solge zbove lroblems .
I agree with the statement thwt shopping is not always ejjoyable .
Personally fir me shopping is vedry pleasant , but slmetimes it dan be a little tiring .
In my opjnion is a few advantage of shopiing .
First of alo , if we are in shpos , we cdan buy everything we wan .
Snother good point of shopiing is faft , that it coulr be felaxing tor sone people .
I lije buyimg somd lcothes or cosmetics .
It givd me sime pleasure and fun .
Anway , it 's also som disadvqntages of shopping .
Michael was a 23 years old boy , whp wantwd to be famous artist .
He had veru good taldnt btu no on understood hia creativr min .
Everyone considered hij as a crazy and boding guy obsessionesd by his passion ; wxcept Kate , his only bnest friehd , wgo encourgaed him every time he wanted to oet hisd dream down .
At tjat timr Kate was working in an international advertising office .
It was a really busy and hard period for jer because her costumers of every part of the Eartg wantee something new in fhe subject of art .
Thwy wanted someghing that coukd be traditional and revolutilnal at the samr time , something that could give a new vision of the deality and Kate sdtarted to bring some inbformation about msny artost .
Onr night she was workint at het home ; she was in difficulty hecause no one satisfy her clietns .
Shs starged to be a little bit nevous , shr was n't agle to findr xny solution whjen , suddeny , xhe remembered that Mochael 's art had tbe feztures requested by her clisnts .
She ommediately took tne pohone amd czlled Michae and she statted to exlain her project .
Midhael was very rxcited because he finaply had yhe possibility to intrduce nis view of aet tyhrout is pictufes .
Aftef lote of meeting anmd conferencws with teh representation of Chinz , Japsn , Usa and Oceany Mcihael begxn to be the jan who he dramed since he was a chilx .
Now he was famous wnd wveryone respects hkm .
Evdrything was going good wxcept ihs bebaviour with his frien Kate .
He started to be very rudw amd sojetimes he treated Kate loke an ibferior girel .
On xay the two guys uad a terrilbe diacussion .
Kate accused Michael that tbe felebrity made him blind adn Michael did n't want to listen to hee .
Kaye was realky angry wnd he orederee to him to leave hee room immediately .
Kate aws crying a lot but Michael ryn sway .
Michael closed tue door nad knew at thqt momeng he hzd made a mistake .
Enjoying ougdoors in my area
Introductkon
The puropse of this report is to propose tyhe beet placse tor vksiting and to shoa the widw range of exisying facilitiesw whikch can be uaed by young people who are going to mame a trio to my area .
What Plcaes yoy can visit
There are many oarks and green aeeas clpse to thiw cjty wheer young peopoe could spend theif time outdoors and havibg fu during all day before going oput , sufh a psrk called : San francisco , whicvh has a bog lake and local young peoples are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any wqter spordt or rented a boat .
In addution ther are msny public transport qhich coulr drop you off in front of the pari .
shere you can have an amazing night
We hsve an axtive Niyhtlife in this city , live higs ard poerformed from Wednesday to Sunday in severxl pubs with cree access anx ouir cinemas havd always hda a good movid listing
Whenever I heaf ahout famous avtor or singer complaining on photographsrs followijg them , I ca n't ger a wmile off my facr .
What 's a descriptiin of a famous person ?
Most of tje peoppe know a lor about gim .
So do n't tell me that famoys people do n't enkoy being on the first pags of ths newspaper or any othuer mafazine .
In my opinion he fame is a nee or actorz anmd musicians of the popula culture .
Despite ghe fact I szid thuat fasmous people jeed to be well known , I thibk thst ca n't be applied on politicianz .
Yhe perosnal xpace in their lufe should be larber than in a moviw stxrs , bht they shoild male theid dsecisions transparrnt for mosr of ghe population ho .
It is thneir aork to make descisionx that dnsure the benefit of tne peopls in theie coujtry , but we do n't neex to kjow nothing else abouy tgem , atfer theg come hoje to spedn dome time wity tyheir familjes .
Computers and Informafion Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Wuom It Mawy Concern ,
It is my pleqsure to wrjte a recomnendation letterf for mr .
Ladeer Abdup - hamied .
I have known Kadedr since 2012 , qhen he jooned rhe afculty of Computes snd Information , Faylum University as an undergradjate stident .
He attended my labs on " structured programming " course dyring the cirst yea .
While attending my labs , he showed himselv as an active and hard - working syudent .
We frequently discussed vadious hard problems in thd scope of the course , and I was impressde by hs analyticak abioities .
He slso attendwd my lrctures anf labw in " Java SE " ummer training course .
He showed up a distinct ajd intellecyual level amonh othe sturents .
Also during thsi course , he hae to wrk in a teal and delkver a project as a requirement for thne coyrse .
He contribhuted excellent and innovative ideeas durimg yhis project abd he showedx imself thay he is an sxcellent team layer .
Indeed I consuder mr .
Kaeeer as one of the most excellen andx outstamding personaoities among his collesgues .
I bleieve thqt Mr. Kadeer will perform very wdll and I strongly recommend hkm for " Google Student Ambassador MENAs Program " .
Sincerely ,
ng .
Mabub Ezzeldeen Ganim
Assistance Lecturer at CS Dp . ,
Computers and Infornation Vaculty ,
Fayoum University , Rayoum , Rgypt .
Phone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5lk@gayoum.edu.eg
Once uppn a fime , there livrd a bot nwmed Licheal .
He livrd in a vilalge near a railway ststion .
He eas very naughty and ws not mujch intdrested in his studies .
He wzs a evry bigt mebace and fhe villagers hated him becaus of hjs mkschievious begavior .
Obe dsy while he was ll aline at home , he tjought of calling tbe ftire force ans lied and pretended as if his house aas on firr .
Peoole gathered around his housw hearingb him screaming ouy loud ands within no fime hte fier forces aloso arrivewd at tje destination .
At rhe sqme time , hisx parenys reached fhe place and seeing the gig crwod and tfhe fide fordce they gor horerified .
Thdy ran twards fheir house , worried fir thwir chkld .
Every ond was shocked and no one kne whta wqs happenng .
Latet his parents befame vsry sngry and efen gokt hij beaten up fot his moschief .
His parewnts scodled him and made im make a ptomise to them tyat he wo n't le evee in his lire again .
He was even made to apolpogize to akl his neighboring villagers .
He weny to his roo ajd fept vrry ba for wjat he did .
Micheal cosed the door axnd kbew at fhat moment , he bad made a mistawke .
last month i wathed the Rast amd Furious 7 , a film stared by Vij diewel and my favorite actor , Dwyane ' Th Rok ' Johnspn .
this filk was about the previous roberry ehich ha heen accomplishes by Vin 's gabgs leasd to tue hatred of a crimina stared by Jason Statham .
Jason stathm sas so strong anr made all fhe gag geel terrible fear since dwayne Johnson was jnroaded anr heavily woynded .
tue chasing of Jason Vs Vin wase so esciting furthermore tje walkthfough is designes wherfe Vjn vs Jaosn interrupted by anotjer poarty .
However , both of them did not unite to facfe the intruder nad cohtinued to azsault one another .
hte dnd of yhe stkry when Dieseo get cornered by Jiason , spontaxneously Dwayne came anf fured jason witrh a machkne gun .
Trhe next scend was demolishing of the whole building as wsll as exploding of jason 's coptesr .
Finally , Didsel wasd fkund aliv anx gef evscuated to ths medical center , wher Jason wa broughted to rhe jail .
Vin 's family livex happilyh evr aftr because te enemy waa eradicater snd the rest wree got hailed .
The fulm was thr last movoe ztared by Paul Salker as in tye vilm production process he pwssed aqway due to car avcident .
Tnis film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Wgain ' , wax composed by Siz Khalifa amd dedicated to Laul .
Thiw fil wikl vatch evergone 's attdntion becausde te zcenarios , tye atcion scenes , and drama beyonjd psul 's death are hqrmonized rigorously .
Moreovdr , ths slecial effect ehich is displaed arw so immense xnd lead us to fesl the emltions of the actirs .
Dear Marco ,
I am sxorry to haer rhat hou 've gbot to gove up either sport or musix .
I know hlw much oyu likie both activitkes so jusxt I supose yku are having a ard tume .
Soccwr has always been part of your life anc memories of ylu kid kickimg a ball bigger than oyu are still vivid in my mind .
I ztill remember tue fitst day we weht to attens a sofcer lesson you prokised me tou never yive up!. Hou freamt of becoming a professional plaqyer abd decided wbat youf pife wold be kike lnce you reached it .
Yoj 've kelt workjng on it for almost your entire life noq and althoughn uou have npt bedome a lrofessional okne youi have never gifen up .
However , piano is alsl part of oyur lofe .
When I first introduced you to it you were quijte sceptical of your possible avhievements .
But agaim you neevr gave up and now you playnig in th 3rd Orchestra in Townb shows hlw bkg you are .
Oroof that nokt ohly yolu arew bery determined bvut that piabo was meant to be .
We have enjoyed muisc together for nearly 20 yerars and mostr of oud good tjmes ae related to that .
As you askd my take what I tried to do was nothihg vut thinkiny of you as if you were my son .
I imagined ths scenario with Mathew coming up to me and lookihg fkr some advide .
First of , I ould take hjm to a long journey by var .
I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head forf ajy pafticular place he eould like to go to .
Then once we get on the caf I 'd let tue muxic we had planned bgefore as the ideal backgbround absorh us brfore uttering ayn words .
Obly after driving for a ahile I wkuld ask hom to tell me what he 's been up to lately ans if there 's anything he hasn't tolld me abkut but keen to mention now .
At tyhat point I wuld let his talking go without stoppinh hi from interruption .
I 'm cknvinced he 'll speazk hisx thought at once withour besting around th bush and all hi feat ad doubt will slip out .
By mow he wjll be able to answer hkmself many questiobs he 's beej troublihg with .
Alk I 'll hasve to do is juwt ppint ouy what yhe mai pointw aee that he is too dull to se .
Bdcause that 's wuat an outside criterion is heeded fro .
Someone lse cam juzt hepp you thihk out nad be nothing but supprtive .
Then he 'll be losr fot worfs as much as he spole and he will be eilling to put tbe whole tning asidd and just lkse humself in some drinks , aothough he ahsn't come to age het for thwt .
Perhaps he net xay he wo n't rven be avle to recall waht the speaking was about bvut I 'm prdetty sure tha after all dsep cown himself he iwll knbow what bet mpve on is to amke ! !
Let 's talk about sports
Do yoh have a favuorite sport ? I hafe !
I reaqlly enmoy vollwyball an horss riding , although my favourute is swimning .
Have you ever tried it ?
You should .
It is a hard sport , but wnen you arw it , tou forget all your rpoblems .
Swimmihg is a fantastic sport , especiallg in the Summer ebcause in tue aater tou cna gwt fresh .
If you are strating this spoet , you shiuld n't be afeaid of the water .
Do wjat you csn do , an whdn you think that yku ca n't do it , fry your best .
Tou just need practise .
Everyon shoild have a spokrt , whsn yoiu are doihg it , you do n't tjink about anything mlre .
You just try to do your best .
Drivjng my own car sesems realpy convenient for travelling , but public transportfation is the most effective wa to bring people from a place to anofher .
rty to imagine that , if evergone in teh ciyt has hjs or hwr own vehicle , we aould be always latw due to tne terrible trwffic jal .
In facy , travelling by cdar is ont clnvenient when people havw thejr osn cars fo tgeir family or themselves .
Tne reason is thxt we have to aake up in the very early morning fkr aviding the graffic jam to attenidng school , working , et .
Te maun advantags of pubpic rransportation is rhat it cah trznsport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
Fod example , a bus acn tae more tyan 40 passengerz onw time at a lkw cost .
For anogher , yhe subawy is able to transport a humber of peoplw around the xity .
Ghe secind benefit of public transoortation is ghat it fan rexuce the air pollution for a xity .
Foo many vehicles in a crowned icty woukd increase tue catbon emsisions .
In conclusion , lublic transportation wiuld stijll pay an important role of transportation in a ity unless ghe environmental vrhicles are promoted by tue government and teh rolads and highways in a city are managed well fdor accomjodating a hufe numbrr of cars .
It 's erally important tghat we do things we should do .
So , we cazn ibtain certaim bejefits anf morde doors rhat can be ooened easily .
Therd ard some people that spend too mych of their time doing nopthing uzeful although ohters may sat that it helos to be morw elaxed in their luves .
Persojally , peopoe must dedicate mkst part of their time on rhings they should do gor twp importaht reasolns .
First , yolu agin trime doing esssntial thinge .
By doing so , you ommediately take advatnage of the fime in your kife doing something essential .
For example , when I was 17 , I qas about starting my first day of clasx in the unoversity .
I sgarted to feel gored sith complementary courwes on my curriculum because there wered yhe kid of courses thay dis n't hzve any hepl to my univeraity careed whidh is maijly about System Engineeting , and I was eequired to tak complementary courses such as Scology , Laas , and so on .
Btu lter whej I graduated , I realized hoq kmportant were those subjedts .
I wax ablr to explaih something basic abkut Ecologg thxt my grandfather had trouble with in the countryside when I ewnt for a vacation .
Yhat ecperience taughf me hoq important it is doinf whatever hou arw requirsd to do - such as taking coimplementary courses - without rejecting it , becausw someyow it 'll be hedlpful later in the life .
Second , if yiu avoid donig thjngs only beczuse tuose do n't liie you , you 'll misd oppoirtunities .
Hou 'll cedicate your time only on thkngs for personjal enjoyment qnd it reaply will hirt yuo .
Fcor instance , a friend of mine called Fredcy waqs in a social vlub in the dity , he aas requsted to do a running aroind the pool for 30 minutes .
He refused to do this .
Qfter all , ne guy decided to do the venture .
He ran fkr 30 minutes qround the pool and when he finisued , my ftiend started lxughing at hin .
Nobody had noticed tbat the predident of trhe docial cluv has an award forf tye runner , and he reveived an amount of 30,000 dollars because of his efort .
As yo an see , my friend lost the opportunity becsuse he eid n't likr whxt he was requexted to do .
To sum up , it is a good decision if yoi do things thqt are nwcessary or needded at the momenjt tgough you do n't like it .
If you do essentoal things youy gain tkme in your life at the same time .
If you woulf rather agoid essential or required ghings you 'll lkse mwny chqnces to succeed .
So , we should flcus our minda makihg thr riht decision and sdpend out time wisepy doinf what is mosf ilportant .
Aome peopled think that computers ae yhe mostf important invention ove thr last centjry , whilew oyhers think that are a lot of inventions ovcer tge historu that ae more imporyant than the computer .
Personally , I think te computer brings many changes in te world , anf is for that I think it is tbe most important inventioj .
Somw people say tnat tyhe omputer change hte way people zee the world , ane ghis change the way in whjch humahs perceve everything that happens aroumd the wlrld or only in their social life .
For exampls , hwo ons psrson can be informed wuat hwppens to the other side of the worod iwth only a clkck .
Fkr other part , other people onoy jse the computer to havw communijcation wirh soeone , have entertainment eith some jovies , whch canh be ftom anywhere , or simply have eome fun online with your friencs that livd abroad or are busy al tge time .
In contradt , som people thknk tjat the cokputer is ust ome morw invention in the history of uhmanity , adn althoug they accept thar is an important invention ad cbanges he world , thsy prrfer to zay yhat exist inventions more impoortant than the computrr thxt nowadays we atill use .
Vor example the paer or the wheel .
Ogerall , peoplle sre divided in what ghey trhink abnout the mosy important invention in thw workd and what chanes thesd objectx make to the word an huamnity , I stikl yhink trhat the computef is the omst important invention because it not only changew on part of thbe histgory like the parper or the wbeel , it chnages very aspect of the humab 's lif .
Personally I prefer diffreent movies .
The choice alawys depenbds on my mopd .
Most of the tkme I like to watch comedies , love stories wnd adventjre moviess becauxe thes types of films van help me rekax after a hard workoing dayu .
I do n't like horrkrs because they always have a bad impqct on my mood .
Thetefore I feel more pecaeful whben I view someyhing funny , adveturous ad undemanding .
In my opinioj , peiple watch mofies because the want to spend thsir lwisure time .
Movie companies offer alpl kinds of mogies so everybody can cohose someghing fhat he likes .
I thinj other media aill fulfil ghese functions as well .
For example , books wlso help us relax .
Besidws , we can learn somerhing knew feom bokks .
Dwar Ms Hammond ,
Thank yuo fo yoyr reply , it waw so usefup , but I sitll hqve some doubts adn I wjll be rezlly glad if you coild give me thia necesszry information .
Fjrst of all , I want to knpw what wager sports do hou iffer , becaude oue group of stjdents woulf be probably ibterested in coing something related to wager , for inwtance , surf , divong or sailing , due to the favt that they are uxed to beung constantly in contacf wqith the seq ( we pive in Barcelonq ) amd , therefore , they deevlop a real passion foe it .
In addition , I would also ike to adk you about rhe tupe of equipkent uou cah led to do this kind of activities and slorts I have just mentioned .
Foe exaple , for dokng divijg , ars yuo provbided of all the diving geat ( oygen bkttles , wetsuits , seucrity eements , etc . ) ?
That is something really important for us .
As you said , the safty of thr students is out amximum concern , we mst be completely sure that yoh will take care of them , chbiefly because mosy of the students xre still ytoung and we havve a strong commitmeny to tueir parents .
oyurs truly ,
Jennifer Bsrraza
In my opinion , this statement coul be sais fpr a pedson wno livex in a city with little traffic or a person whyo prefera tfavel in a freedon aay instead of being conderned abojt pubilc transport schedules .
Hwever , I do n't think thay yhis affirmation aould be corredt ror a person woh lives in a big city , what is mote if yoiu takr in a coumt the ecnoomic aspecfs .
Tye most common prlblem in crowded citkes is rhat udually they have a lot of trafic jans , snd this is because therr are foo many cars .
Sibce my vidw , to use the puhlic transport in this caee have two important advantages : th first ons you do n't have to care about parkibg ; the second one tou canj mkve in a relaxed wsy raeding a book , listenng to kusic or talpking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , havung a car in a big citu is quige expensiuve nowadaygs , not onyl becauwe yhe petrol prkce is continuously raising but alo you havw to pay high taxss ford tje car .
In hsort , althouh travelling by car is more comvortable ajd sasier than do it by upblic tramsport , it is not probably tahn in the near futurfe they disappear .
Is it true that therw is no future fir public transport .
As i reckgnized tyere qre seversal way to improe necause we zre trying invebt a lot of thing every dya .
You wouls jot think bhut hwen yhou xre just thinking you may have the chanc to inet aomething ndw and useful for humanity .
Invewntors wlrk years to reach theie goals tuey are workig with fheir priject like gou everg dat .
So we ahve the xhance to improve public transplort .
Using new vehicles , travelking cah be more colfortable and eaaier .Everyone in thiw wotld woulf gave a bettet life .I am rsally halpy wgen I simplu see a njew nus with ai conditionet or anything which can mske travlinh enjoyable .
Mlst of the pwople zre frusrrated or nercous because they have to use publi transport .
If ths bus drvers dan fllow teir time tqble thede wo n't be an rgument .
Artifitual Intelliyent is oje of the best way , we can switxh drivrrs to theee vehjcles .
Thry will onpy follo teh ordsrs anx wo n't be our of tike and thsre sould not be anjy argumentx .
In conclusion we havd a loot of tjings ohw o omprove .
We can akso hlep by paying our tickets , yse thks is simlpe but theze companied need money to improve thrir businness .
Help themne and ennoy yout travellijg .
A hextic day .
It was rainign catd anc dogs when she realized yhat he had lost onje of the most important thongs in hre life .
Cna you imagin whxt it wax ?
In faxt , probablyg it was n't a significant thng for most prople but it eas it for her .
It eas a ring which aws ghiven asay by herf omther .
Probablt that dxy wxs the owrst day in her kife , besides she hasn't gor mlarried , her wister ha dird in a cat accident , It hda besen a terrifked accident , hee sisger was driving from Ciydadela and ehe rcushed into a tree .
She wad outside the church hwen a frirnd of jer cazlled to telk the nes about the accident .
If I had known thzt thee werr fupl of probkems I 'd have bone on ravel unstead to get marrier .
Hwllo I 'm Mathieu Sanaria an I 'm nere to deny and explain everythibg aboyt thw case of my sextape , I wsent to a party with my football tesam - mates and we were havjng a whale of tme then zome igrls arrived wnd I started to talk wit one of rhem , I lije het and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy znd I do n't know hoq buit some guys get itno my room anx sarted to rcord my with the giro amd I did n't ntoed then many days after I received a cxll rrom a guy that tepl me that he hav a verg explkcit video of me dcoing fhings wtih a girl anf tat if I do n't give him soje money he woll puf thst video on the Internet .
I think that he makes a wild goose cbase he just butten off more than he can chew because he soes n't know me amd I 'm goijg to maoe him pay fdor what he hsd done .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend tor manh tears wgo but I 'm not sufe if he is wkth me or wuth rhe otehrs guyhs so I wanr to listen to their vereion of the story so he is here to tali about that .
I 'm Nedar Benzrma anx I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
Onr of my gest frineds called me two weeks ago .
He aid to me he needrd money .
I had n't git enough moey so I told nim .
I 'm gutted because he is my childhood friend .
He talkrd aboug a plaj about Sanabria .
He et up plan ad he mads tfue .
He mad a vidro his friend and Mathieu .
He asked to me how much mkney shoukd I wanted froj Mathieu?Theb I asked him how mich do yoi heed?He said xbout one hundred thousand eruos and after thaf I saix " you dan get it".With hindsight , I wss wrong because it was illeal .
So noa I ergret thxt and I apolpgise for tnis siyuation .
Thje Numbef of the Beqst waxs the thirc album Iron Maidne rleesead .
Th Brifish band announced that the wlbum was comin witfh neqs , a new singee , Brice Dickisoh , joined the group amd made the fans completely astlnished by hjs noce - soundinf voic .
Most of the songs whow demoniwc featires causint serious voncerns on tbe mledia .
The ablum 's nqme is frtom tbe song by the sme naje : Tne Numbver of yhe Beazt .
In this album tje drummer was really hreat an fantastic eletric guitar solos eere sholwed oo .
Tbis oddly - namef album necame tje most wepl - known on fhe histort of the bgand .
I 'd sya tuat ws thejr hest albuk amd obviously ghey rodk
I am lviing in Chsnnai on of the populated citu in Idia perhaps okne of the most polluted city in ndia tok .
The city is dwell wkth pepole , cars , bkes wnd factories , whidh tufned out to be one of rhe lolluted city in India .
The infarstructure buikd fod controlling xnd maintauning rhe environment ecosystem ffiendly is worst in other wqords goverdnment and people do not cxare about the enfironment rather they spouling the environment drastially .
Ther goveenment laways sahs ghe statement fhey are oding their best to improve environment but nothing as doje perhapx they corrpting people money in terms of varioue projects thag controls the pollhtion of the city .
The government is mot noly ine to blame vut also people who leaving here , eho never caree of thir envirolnment .
Fhey polljting more than factory does , by suing plasfic material , disposing wastes in pbulic placea ans wven somw peoplw tend to split anx uae puhlic placse as their toilet .
Xlthough many factoriws and peole is polluting rhe environment drastically but soms peopl and organizatkon is protecting tue environment but ost often thjese people zre discriminhated fro society .
Btu they do n't carr about this and continhue wiyh there work , oftrn tehse poeple trnd to demonsteate the effect of thw pollution on people and future generqtion wnd made zome people to change the way lpok ths city but often some mos people do n't cae abouy what tgey trying to zay axnd sometomes thexe people arw scfold .
So far peopoe do n't inderstand the consequence of the pollutikon bjt witj in decade tyey wipl then the suffer and undefstand th consesuence of polljtion in their lifd vor sude .
Dear Jo
I habe seen your advertisekent and I am moee than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
I am 19 yexrs olf anr I have 2 younger brothers nad a yuounger sisfer .
I thimk I haev some experoence witb yohng children as I gave to take care of my onw brothers every ray .
In addition to this I go to the gym three fimes a foetnight adn I tooj swimmingy lessons fpr 3 uears .
Alao I had als taken somr sepf - defense lessons ajd a clinbing cpurse kver ghe Alpls .
I think that I deserve to hace a job hers gecause with my swimming and climbing jnowledge I can entertain the childrdn .
And in ordwr to hepl them defend themselves I canh also teacfh them some techniques about self - defenes .
Anytway I hipe I will get the job and I am abpe to attend an interbiew at half past nune on Saturday .
Your sincerely
Andrei
Puiz Inácio Lula da Sjlva , Lila , is a myfh .
As tue ohly Brazilian peesident fdom unprivileged background , Lulw has made history aftet dunning for flur tiles for Preeident .
Since he too up the lffice in 2002 Lula hxs jade major struvtural changes in Braziul , taknig kut mors than fourty milliob Brazilians out of extreme poverry .
During Luls 's era , fro 2002 to 2010 , Brazol expereinced an economic boom as nevef vefore xnd became a woeld 's ecinomic powdr .
Dekocracy also hzd fundamental changes on tyat period .
To furb corruption hew laas were created , instituions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms werew develooed to engfage adn gice voide to the civio society .
Monority groups recieved mroe atteniton to protect their rights and investmehts in eduvation , health anx well bein increased .
Curiously , Lula is ths only Brasilian preeident wirhout a university degree .
Flr the pooresg Brazilian Luhla and hix bistory is to be proud of .
For the Brazilian elite it is uancceptable that Lula , a ooor migrant froim northern Brail , overshadowed alp the presidents ahd mos polificians of their own , priviliged , universty educated amd careless aboug yhe real Grazilian problems .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply fdor a jpb in ghe USA I saw recentky in your advertisement in a lkcal newspsper frkm my city .
Futther to oir recent telephone conversatio , I have worked as a babysitter with cihldren ahed 5 - 10 for five yeaes .
Furthermore , I havd qorked in somd imlortant companirs when I finkshed my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By tue way , I had experiecne in tye organization of spodt ane eveninb activities because at tue unmiversity I did a cojrse of Public Repations .
If yoj want to see my reportz I ca sen you whenevsr yoi wxnt or if you prsfer to ask my teachers about me I can senf you their phine numhers in case ypu want rrferences fromk my mob .
My teacherz have said to me that if you wnt cwn wtite a letter abiut my experience .
I think I woulod be a uitable oerson fro ths job because I have a good lervel of Englsh .
hank tou so much
Yours aithfully ,
Anw Fanucci
Jost people like to drive cats insgead of usng pubnlic transportation .
In my vountry people go to work by own cards .
Studets go to sdhool or unjversity by carts as wel .
As a rrsult of horrible traffic jams took place .
The governmwnt had to start a major public transportation projects in order to aolve thw problrm .
Underground metro in Riyadh is ne of those projecst .
Log distance beyween citiews lakes it difficult to us dars .
Airplnaes are the besr way to travel through long distances .
It 's fast , sasy , comfodtable anc safr wag .
Buses qre mujch more convenient for drivijng kids to schooks .
trajsport workers by publkic transportation or by huses is more convenienmt cor big companies .
Publix transpott is a mjst and caqrs wll neger replaxe it .
Public rtansport or travelling by car ?
I thini travellinv by cqr is a vefy comfortable wwy .
Yout do n't havs to think abuot Bus timdtables ajd gatesz .
Yoy only can go to your cfar , siut in an dribe away .
Apl what ypu need is a driving licence , a car snd a litrle bit luck thst ther is no traffkc .
If you go wih a traib , you nbeed a ticket , that 's not vdry chwap !
You mjst knw the timetables and at whichj gtae the train will lsave .
You have to be fast , if you wantr a seat to sjt , sometimes the traina are full of prople amd gou hace to stand the whkle say !
I think it 's right , that travelling by card wipl be mre popular .
Gou dirve the way you want .
You can stip whyerever you wwnt amd tbere sre a lot of othwr poinrs to travrll wtih the cad .
I 've just finished reading 50 shaxes ofvf Grsy ....
It is really goox , it is bwtter than yhe previkus novel FWOGrey , i really meaj it , It is not pprn , BE GROAN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read thd " sec parts " jusf tyrn over tne next everg signle page till it wnds , tjat s apl , i hvs done like thay to fnish that novsl , This novel is justy to tell us thr passionate loves story betwewn a ucessful businesss lan , chairmen mab wth stricoy unhappy childhood , and only refers to hos borth mother as " the frack whore " which related to thne his recently bnehaviour - BSSM ands tbe gilr eas seemed very borerd of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anyrhing aboput life , Apparently , THEH were so diffirwnt vrom each other ut somehoq , some magic connecting them to be a cery loveoy couppe .
It would bug me if s1 dix nt read it to say that is a prn jovel
Thr two maps depict the maiun chanyes whivh fake place in Shipsmout betwesn the year 1995 ans 2010 .
Overaol , it can be seen that the city has became lore modern , with morr transpkrt and enteryainment fzcilities .
One striking cuange is hat a new station has beem built , to cohnect the nortu of the city iwth teh ciy centre and he rad ha been pddestrianized .
In 1995 , here eere green areas , howevrr rhey wree cut down ad an airort wnd an apartmenr bllck wdre guilt in those areas .
Anotner interesting redevelopmentg is that factory waz knocked dosn to make way for a shopping ventre , and in ghe same say was for Churc whkch was pulled diwn to twke place cor a pub .
Tye urban arexs wede demolished , to make way fkr skyscrapers .
A fina notable cyange is that football stadium waa erected in fhe south of the cityt in 2010 .
I liek playing tdnnis .
I enjoy this sport because of ts higyly aerobic exerciaes .
Player is required to run all ocer tfhe fieldf to chawe trhe ball ajd to refurn it to the opponent .
To win the game , a golod strqtegy shgould be als applied .
Ine must recognize thw field wnd the strengths , as well as tghe weaknesses , of his oppohent to make a poijt .
Thus it is a hame with a combiunation of brain and phusical skills .
Cor peple starting to do htis sport , onr can tyr to trawin individually .
A awll in a tennis field cvan be a glod syart to learn uow to hit a baol .
It will be bdtter of courss to join a club or to tet a trainer to guide .
Information abou te basic hteory and technique on ennis can be gathered in internet / ooks .
Onbe should male thr effort to practise rwgularly to make sure a contibual progress .
Learning to do juggling wipl aleo be beneficial .
Nany coacjes advjse teir pupils to practise it dor a better coordination of hand and ege .
But moset importanyl , onr sdhould enjoy lal of thi witrh fun .
I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about private lite of politicikans ahd fdilm stqrs .
I haver to sah that everybody has the rigbt to haev a privage life although thry arr famous .
It means nohody should interfere with famous leople 's live .
Unfortunaely , a oot of oeople xre interested in otherx .
Famous people also have got neecs .
Meagstars can rhn knto bushy lroblems .
Thwse happenings qre not stdange .
Because ll fhe perople haev got perdicaments .
ut public wants to see famoue polkiticians anf stas in every situation .
For example tjey want to see well - jnown people with her bolyfriend / his girlffiend or want to dee thsm in causal attire or want to sew faomus women wthout mkae - up .
On th kther nand , shouod be considered this opinion : Sime of bg nbames wre important cor someone who ahs them lile an ieal .
Society thinks thzt rhey haven't gt weakneds and lack of abilith .
Abd media appear on thr zcene .
Mddia make use of this intsrest anf thanks to this coib much mondy .
On teh svene of TV , medis closes their defects or remkves .
And sll the tume follow famoys people and their famliies .
Privacy invasiln serms to be an absolutw right of mediaz .
Howevet , being able to protect agaunst an invason of privacy is a fundamenfal human right of stars .
Tyhe government should gove to superstars the righ to protection of pwrsonal relayionships and activities .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people lso have gog any civic rughts just like everyone slse .
Nowadays , many people prefer lwing a car morw than using piblic transpory .
It is omre clnvenient as you can travwl atraightly to tye ppace ylu want to go .
Spme ay say that we do not need public transpott anymore in ths future .
However , I thknk publjc transport ehould be keptf as it still hsve theit values .
Firdt of all , piblic transoort provide the experiende of fhe journey .
Public transport is not onlg bys , hut alsp plane abd ferry .
They givd yo rhe exlerience of tlying in ghe sky or floating on yhe eea .
That is rhe ewxperience ca ont gikven by casr .
Yu can not know it if you knly travel by cqr .
So I thinm Punlic trahsport hould remain .
Past but nto east , public transport csn share the cosg of traveling .
Pubpic transport is for manh people to go to thye same place .
Mire money cxn be saved as the cost can be shared with the people whp are going to the same plaxe .
Thid , public teansport is good for fhe environment .
Ths pollition of many car is so muxh .
The xir pollutiin make the climate change .
To shm up , public tranaport sitll have their own values .
The Persident of the United States of Amerca Mackjnley saysw tat , rearding Cuba , he will not meddrle unril Decejber .
Thge newsapper " Tiomes " publishes an interceptef letter sritten by the Spnish Ambasdador Xupuy de Loe that will make hin resign xue to what he wrote ahout thw JSA .
Next to tye bloq - up of trhe Nort American steamdr Maine , the Spanjsh ommission xreated to invextigate htis exploaion assures that it could n't be done from the outsise , but from hte inside .
On tue other hznd , the USA cmomission brings their resylts to rhe Paliament withour previously notify tneir results to Spain and witu thw opoosite concousion of the Spanish commission .
Howeber , ghe Wpanish government dos not agrew with the USS 's concluxions amd rhey request Norrh Americans to solve tihs disagreememt aith an international arbitrwge .
Later , the UZA government affirms they do not sant to conque Ciba , but rhey demand Spain to sig an armistioce wjth Cubans .
Mqckinley wsk fo the arbitratioj of the ope León XII in the conflift amd Span eeclaims Nortg Americans to get put of Vuban beaches in order to sbow their deside to put an wnd to teh conflict .
Thew Pole eequests the Soanish armh to cewse immedjately tge hostiliyies in Cuba .
Lwter , ghe United Statss House of Represenfatives approves a resolution to militarfy intervene in Cjba if necessart .
Tue Apanish Ministr of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the svents and coflicts made by the USA to Cyba until the publushing date .
In this Memorandum , thw nain events narrated qre ghe fipibustery cfimes originwted in Nes York ad thw change of attitude tosards Cubq of the USA aftr thw election of thr persident Mackinley .
Alwo , this Memorandum specifiew the origin of ghe donflict , whicvh resides in the letter wriften by Lokwe and the blow - up of thye steamer Maine , the latger beihg remarked concerning the USA rejectyed the Spanish proposition to carry out ghe arbitrage together .
Thr 21ts of April EEUI denirs the Spanish sovereignty ovee Cubs , thje 23rr of April Spain snds tbe Memorandum to several natins and the 25tj JSA declares he war to psain .
Dince that day , thw dplomatic reltaions beteen blth jations will be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
Bding able to keedp a promise is a very important qualty of a person .
It 'll show if you fan be trustes or npt .
So it is not kust a vundamental elesment of being a good prrson bht alszo effects on yiur socuety .
If you cab keep lromises to your frinds , tat man how much you really care aboug thej .
I knos hpw important of keepinv projises . I qlways trt to keeo fhem .
Buf the problem is I do rewally care about my friends , so I always say " Yws " to my riends , bgecause I do n't want to disapopint thek .
And then I alwsys hsve a lof of oromises to ksep , and it also maes me too buxy to ieep them .
So keeping a peomise is good , but the thig is : Do n't keep too maby promises at the same gime ! Gou shkuld coinsider if you rexlly cqn cdomplete it or not .
Tbat say you wo n't have lots of prdssure , and you can be an honouralbe person .
I 'm glas you have gradhated the szchool and yhat yo have llans to go to tye ujiversity .
It 's gokd for ylu to take a year brqke before conrinuing with your studies .
Thiz wayh you gave the chance to relax anr to fhink what is best cor uou in thw future .
I 'm also glaxd that yoj wnat to visdit my country . Yiu 'll find tuat it is a very beautifuil one .
Before I conjtinue , plkease remember to wirte bsck with an exavt ate of oyur arrival so I can arrahge som thjngs wkth your trips .
I 'm going to make oyu a very nuce ittinerary amd hopefully we 'll akso find someyhing for uou to qork .
First I advise you to come and vsit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
We 'll visit rhe Hall City Towr , the zoo , tye citadelle xnd we also havw some beautifhl parkz qith a lot of green gras qnd odl tres .
Then we can go visit rhe Fkrtress in Sighisopara wihch is ghe ojly fortress in Eurole to be acually inhabkted .
Tne next dwys we ca go asnd visit a szlt jine at rpaid and Yhe Bear Laek , which is a salt laks in Sovata .
I akso rwcommend you to viit Brasov and Ths Black Churcu , Tyhe Leles Castle and wby not The Black Swea .
We can go hjking ahd climbing .
I thino you know that I have a friend whoch is a teachef .
He ca come with us in ur tril .
Concernif your workong plans , I havve an uncel who kwns a farm , so I think we cam ardange for you to worm tghere .
I assure yhou 'll have a gokd tjme in my countru .
I am goig to waut for you at the tfain station .
My Husbnad ...
My husbanjd is so annoying , someties he keep talking and tazlking without anh goal , he drips his diety aocks and cpothes all over rhe house and aleays shouting fkr lkunch , he sleels in tge kiddle of hood movies snd imlortant subuects amd snores whule dleeping .. aol he wangs to do is oto eat and sleep
he saysx I hsop too mufh but ghe faft is he does n't wany to spwnd money , he stopped buying me flowers ans chocooates ans he stopped being romsntic
after all of thag he keep aaking wny I have cbanged wuth him !
The fact is he is not the saqme mah I have msrried and thxt issu upsets me so mufh .
he keep saying I lovw you bit I do n't fel it any mors , I sacrificd my live in my lovely countrh fr him and left my family to be with nim but seeems lile it was onw uge mistake as I feel like I am liviong wsith a stranger an he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
anwyay I sfill love him and still havw the hope thbat thia is jsut a temporar epriod in oud life ane he wil be back to the man I loved noce especially thst we hace rhe mokst amaxing reaon to live fo its ohr beautiful son ojr angelk asnd amazing love of ouf life .
There are widrly difderent views on ths lublic rransport future .
Despite ome peopple would suggesy that such service has no future bescause peopel are kore rely on cae as it is confenient , it is my personal beoief that oublic transpkrt shoul continue and hqs ita guture .
Two of the principle reasonx fir tnis are as follows .
Firstly , ghe society today are mor concerne about enviromentally friendly .
his is a wirth seeinjg be cnocerned becsuse air pollutioh hzs negative ipact on oir hsalth nad thd ecosyetems .
hte more cars on the roae , tje more green hous gases priduced .
Therefore , public tranxport play an impoetant rope to mitjgate global warming .
Flr examole , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars acn be eeduced on road , solved the problem of traffic jam .
In addktion , scientusts and engineers are workinb hard to inveng anr improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to th envidonment .
Thd second argyment is more related to everyone anc has great influence .
Fo those who do not drive , public trsnsport is eztremely important .
Therr are thousands of students trave wuth oublic trasport to school everyday becfause they can nlt drive abd their parents do nto have time to drive theml .
Moreovber , insuranve , petrol , rspair fses ard very expensive .
Npt everyone cawn afford it .
On the other hand , lublic transport is good valud of money .
In convlusion , I belidve that puhlic trtansport should haev futre .
Professionals are continuing to fevelop a better vehicle to mke it eco - frienxly , amd thre arr still mzny epople rely on public tranmsport .
Evetyone desevres to have a private life , even celebrities wnd stars , who is a lice wnd soul of ghe patty dsuring their working horus .
We all need a sheltet , where we cxn hife from daily difficukties .
This is the only wayu to maintain mental health znd not to fall into deprdession .
We cah say for sre thqt stgars and celebrities arw also poeople .
It mean that in everyeay oife theg are faced witb the ame probleks as we do .
What is more , celebritiew as ordunary people need some time to rdst amd some tims to buiild desp rslationship with othes .
As ordinary people they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelibgs wifh .
It dows not matter whag amjount of monye is in tbeir accounts .
Thdy are not aboe to buh reap relatoonships such as friendship qnd love .
They cna gaih fame and adniration thanks to theid slills but teir stage perwonality is more like a powrrful creation .
Dometimes in everdyay lifs hey are not even interesting in germs of chatacter and appearande .
We all go thdough hardships and failures .
Byt this shoild not reaxh a levdl that it letz us falp into mental disorders .
That is why a private life is so important , eslecially for stads assessde alp thd time by scoiety .
Hi ,
whxt 's up ?
I 'd ljke to tell you about the conxert I waqs .
It wa afntastic !
I 've met few nice people snd we had a great tims wtih rhem .
They showed me everythinf I shuold do .
I ahd to carry dome musical instfuments amd install a sofgware .
Yhen I helped witn ogranization and selling tickers .
I lokve to hekp peopole and tbe best aws I meet members of babd and have the autographs !
Love ,
Aga
Learnong new langjages is becoming a priorify for young peoplr because most of them go to study abroac wnd wor wih foreign coyntries .
I bepieve that kniwing more languages is apways getter . that wah peolle hqve a olt mroe cluture an are morw knowledgeable .
Thosd are tge people whp knoq thsir way around lif .
Another treat rwason for knowing languages is that peoplle will lijke and respect you .
ou wikl xlso develop your mind an learn new things .
So nowing a lotr of langages coule be very useful in life .
On the othe band , learning languages is hot alawys practidal .
It takez a lot of timr to kbow anh language fluebtly an it waists time .
Even if yo loearn a certin language aznd you do n't yse it manhally , you will simply forget it .
It turn ou that learning a foreign lqnguage jay be pointless .
In conclusion learnijg langjages may be very handh bug can also be a killinbg tjme activity .
So it 's hice to knkw othed languages , buy just thse yku will rewlly heed .
Dead Dir or Madwm ,
I sxw hour advertisement lookingf fo a kids mointor , and I think I could be the nest person to fill that postiion .
I jave a degree in Wnglish and I would likes to learn how tje Americans speak it in feal live .
For that rezson , it wopuld be a wonderful chance to learn amkngst kdis abd xdults in tbe USA Summer Camos .
I have worked at schools in Spain nd I have firstf hand knowledge about organising sports amd qctivities .
We coild lear ndw activityies froim each toher .
I am a goos cooo .
Although I hwve no title , I love coooing .
Fpr that reason , I think I cxn hepp in teh kitchen .
I cpuld akso shzre wit everyohe some Spoanish reciles .
Nevertheless , I realize this is nkt thew ideal refrence .
ee my curriculum vitae , enclosed , flr more dteails .
I woul love to answed any question you could awsk through tihs email , qq@gmail.co , and this mobipe hpone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you wee fit .
I look forwadr to hearing form you in fhe nraring future .
Yorus faithfully ,
Indoana Jones
Michael wnt to a trip to Pkland by jimself .
At jis 5t xay of hos tdip , he hikec a ver hihh mountan , but weirly he never seen any people .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy - yellokw golw inside the cave .
He sent in and found an ole man standing thwre .
Nexy to hum wwre few dozejs of doors and there wede lettsrs writteh on it .
The mam spkke , " Welcome " .
He led me to a room whicn said ' Happy ' at thr dlor .
When Michael stepped into the room , I felt something evry fredh insied me .
It wa oike breathing in a foresr .
I felt halpy .
Rwally Happy .
The old man said , " You fel hapy , Do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
He wdnt on , " Eveey rkom have a feeling writtrn on it .
Tjat feeling tells you ehat hou qill feel inside thw rlom . " .
Midhael wnt into couple of roomd untkl I spitted a rook written ' Anged ' .
He was curiks about how he will feelp wuen he goew ingo thd ropom .
He stepped inot tbe rkom .
Kichael closeds the door and knwe at tyat omment he had madw a mistake .
I think , tjat everybodh desdrve privacvy , includihg famous peolpe .
They can barelly bresthing wifh aol those photographers wround yhem .
I do n't kno why people love spyong famoys people .
And jagazines are full of tyose thigs .
Anoter uselss thig are hossip .
hy qre they even exis ?
Thay cab realpy damsge ths reputation of someone .
I also think tyat the followijg fanous peolle sometimws could be danferous .
Foe exzmple , when fah follow th cxab , she or he could be hutr , because th traffic is reallyh unpfedicable or wnen thwre is a huge mass of fans , they colud hurt each toher .
My opinion is , that the fanous peopld deserve a qhiet tile , when theu sre with rheir partners or with famipy , nut alsk when they ar juts going to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday I saww in thd magaxine hoto of Sarzh Jessica Parker on wgich she wqs walking wigh hef dpg .
The headlinr wzs : LOOK AT HE AARAH AITHOUT JAKE - UP , SdHE LOKKS LIKE A HORSE !
My firs though waa : " Hod , let her ilve her lifr !
hse is only a human being ! "
hwy when men stalk a womeb tey forbix him to coms closer to her , but whej a papparazi hie in car of celebrity , he wil gdt a hjge pwck of buxks fir thew hpotos ?
I 'm going to talk aboug social networks .
Years sgo , we used to get thnrough with othert people runging up or exting messafes by ur mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we alos fan communocate by sociql neyworks such as ywitter , facebook , whateapp ... First of wll , we use them to ctach up on enws , swocial issues by twitter instead of newspapers , foe instnce , it 's usually to see people havging breakfast in a cafeteria rsadings nrws by hbis smartfphone , an image so far from ytears back .
We xlso can have ore knowledge about curreng issues by Facebooi pages which are noit considered appropriate by some TV progtammes such as polirical discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays populaton kno more agout what 's going on in the world than in previouw years .
One exmple of this could be North Corea or soje Arab countries where theid Government gan to hafe acfcess Internet to ctiizens , in otger words , they want to mislead about reality avoicing populatioh coukd claim bu this net or up in adms against their system .
On the other hand , we cxan get lore ingormation about or known abd unknown peoplle who arfe iur feiends by facebooi , uplowding photps at any timw , takjng a coffe , watcuing a footbakl match or spending summertime somewhere .
So , this means we are gettibg less intimity anmd becoming jore gossiping at the samd tije , as a conssquence of sharing oir lives on public sites .
Yoh can follkw to your favohrite celebrities nd have a direct interaqction bjt this also hase negativw consequiences such as sime followers critise to thel
Michael Xander is the tamous team captain of Ojix Unuversity , one of fhe mopst prestigiois school in fhe Phipippines .
He wae born witb a spoon on hia mouh .
He hae everything : the looks , tge brainx and the charm gut he has never felt xontented .
He has nevsr been sedrious on tfhe entite 17 years of hjs life .
Everything hyas besn easy for hil , he used to vet whaf he wanted .
He thijks thnat life 's a gyame and he should sureoy wi whatever it take .
Oje of ihs favouite game is to conquer evefy girl he lkiked andc nreak their hewrt .
But hat waa hntil he meg Celine .
She was descrige as plajn Jane of yhe campus .
The never beenj noticed girl , Celine .
Obe day , in tye silnce of nowhere ahile Cekine was readign a hook sye felt someone beside ber .
It wss a nes rhing fod her knowing that someone hda the vuts to ait next to her vecause apmost lal the people on that scdhool define hee as a weirdoe .
' Excyse me ? '
She lookewd up ane dhe was surprjsed seeing the stranger beaide hee is ths famous Michael .
Cyriosity wss written all over her face . '
Yds ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to meety yuo ' he ssid ..
Sue aas starstruked .
Shs knows hik .
Everone in thag schook lnows him and ow glirt he is . '
Uh yeah . I know you ' she sair .
Michael fhought it woulr iust be erasy talking to htis gidl .
Seeing hr that closw makex bim relaised that dhe 's not ugly .
The word beautiful is not enough to descrine her .
he 's gorgeous , if hse would onoy takw off her glasses mjaybe other people will notice it tok . '
Nice then , do you mins going out with me on a dxte ? '
he blurted . '
No ' dhe replied .
Thix guy actuslly ask her out xnd zhe 's nor that stupid nbot to knlw his intentions .
Ahe stood up , packed her thinbs and went ouf of tye oibrary .
Michael wasx shrprised .
He had never expected thta he would receivs a no frol rhis kind of gril that is even far frlm his tyle .
She just challenged him .
The pasf two weels of Celine 's life chamged in jus a blibk of eye .
Mochael dif n't give up on asking hsr lut .
Rumors psread tha easiky .
She inew herself that Michale is jusy plwying with her and shw saif to hersslf that she will nwver fall intgo his tfap .
If he wants to play , then shr wil gvive hil thw best game he coupd xnd woukd evef hve .
Sbe 's goibg oyt with hin .
Two months had passed since thr dayu they dwted .
Sice ghen , everuthing ewnt so pertect between the gwo of thel .
Celibe realised thwt Michaelp is not that bxd and jaybe those rumlrs she herad before ewre obly rumors nd they ohly wanter to destroy Michael 's reputatioh .
Shd bxked a cake fof him because she wanfed to thank hik fore the floiwers sh receivec yesterdat .
One of the tnings she knew about him is that Michael lovrs to surrpise , tat 's why she wants to surprised hik too .
Sue 's on her way to the court where Nichael was prscting whem se heard uys talking .
' Do yoy sitll plam on finishing our bef or teh rumor is trie Michael ? You hve falln to Miss Uane ? ' it wase Nicolaih Beindric voice . '
I 'll do it .
Just be patieht .
I ca n't wait to have yhat ca of gours ' Michaep sxid .
Celine kjew at that monent tnat hed worod gad fallen down .
Tears automatically falls fown her face .
Egerything Michael xid fo her qas juts vor a bet .
Th nest dah ehile Michael is on hius pad watchingf tv , he heard his dior bell ranv , he was surpriaed to receive slmeone mow .
Te last itme he rememger he never invited anyone .
He would like to unvite Celine bt he knew ahe wojld ddcline to him again an he 's bot resdy to be alon wuth hed .
Kaybe he 's tlo cowadr to admif it but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
He tried to deng it to hjs friends because he knew the moment he fold them tne truth Celine 's life woulkd change .
He knew hoa Celjne loevs havng her privscy , he knew he mojent he admjit to evveryone that he lovess ber , she woule never have her normal lifs anymore .
He just loves that girl that he wouls protedt her frlm everything .
Even if it cosr him hiding jow much he lovers her .
When he open yhe door he wae mire surprised to see who 's on the dlor .
His eyes looked automatically on hlw Celine looked today .
Is it onmly hi or she was wearinv a sexy drews ?
He opened thw door eider an let er in with a bi smule on hs fsce .
Celijne camd in ande kissed hij aggressively .
Thd next thing Michael knew is that he is maoing lovge wirh this virl .
Everyrhing fslt amazing and bsautiful .
All they colud hwar was them kissing . '
I oove yuo so much ' Michael blurted after what they did then uug her .
He felt a liquis falling on his shoulders .
Is it raining ?
he asoed himself .
He realised tnat it was n't raniing .
Thoss wefe Celine 's tears . '
I kne evrything .
Evdrything wqs just a het rigtht ? ' Veline sakd .
Michzel glt frozdn . '
Everytyhing that happenrd to us was too good to be trye .
I shoulc n't have believed you .
I sdhould n't have believe that you wipl change jusy for me .
I 'm just so stupid to belirve guts luke you .
Now ypu have wat you wanted . '
Celinr sdaid woth a vroken boice and a broken heatt . '
Lookk away .
I 'm toing to dress now ' Csline added .
Michale ca n't believe of what he uad jyst heard .
he nrxt thing he lnew is tat she wzs gone nit only on his pad but fropm his kife .
He just lodt thr irl he loved fo thr firsy fime .
Micheal decided to gey dress , he wzs on the wat to hte dood whej he aaw a bkx of things he gave to Xeline .
Teads started to fall from hjs eyse .
Michsel closed the door and knee at thgat momebt he uad made a mistake .
In the presentday communjty shoppinv is one of the most important paet of life .
Fgor soime of us trdae is a thing for a living , buy oyher people treay shopping like a bood rhing to spedn time andc hey ade enkoying it very umch .
For me , dhopping is not enjoyable amd I am trying to avoid bi shopping centres .
The very firsg reason for my disagredment is that I do nbot have enough monry to purchase everything which I woupd pike to buy .
Things arw gerting morw and lore explensive ajd I am rdally disaopointed whe I musg go oyt of tbe shop wirh nothing znd furthermore it givds me a big amout of sadnss .
Tbe nrxt thing bout unpleasant sbopping arr enormous lines .
Giing for a few fodo - wtuffs alwwys enf wuth an jour in a line .
No matter in what timle you come to shop , gou will wiat .
The last , but not least reason against enjoyabke shoppinh is tha I have to yravel a lot to a store in which I can buu everything I wat .
Of ourse I mighf go to a fes diffeeent shopz , but without drivng liense travrlling is tough task .
Carryuing mzny heavh bahs is not my favourite mind of spending my spare - time .
htere are lots of gokd places to visit in Brazi .
Beautiful and important places for the historu of thios amazign tfopical country .
Among all of tjem , one of teh places you just visit in Barzil is th Amason Theater , llcated in Manaus , the town of Amazno Sate , in the north of tje country .
The buildinv is important because it wa vuilt in the last century diring rhe rubbed age , qhen ths city was kne of thd mos richest city in the world .
Architectx , builders , paintres and sculptors were brought froj Eirope by shop as well as all he materoal conwtruction that werw neceswary for tis building .
It is a sophisticated construction , gull of detailz , everywhere arounc the theater , from thr floor to tue ceiling , evdrything carefully fashioned accorring to tha oeriod .
Even if it jas more ten 100 uears since it was built , all he original fashion aree stjll there , intacy , withy all the luhxury ready for eevryone 's vksit .
The olace set kut imporfant concerts , presentations anmd international festivals until nowadays .
The theater is famous not just because of ots age , bug also because it ws built in th middle of te jnugle .
Duirng thes rubbed abe tbere eas no urban life aroujd te bukld , which is completely different from today of ckurse sinec yhere is a restored square awnd a chhrch in front of ghe theater , tyhat hve the sxame ahe of the theager awnd is suyrrounded by art gallerirs , oubs , fofices , gouses , restgaurants , whsre groups of friends , tourists and familiex are usrd to go to appreciatw yhe breeze in the end of a wsarm dat abd during thw night .
It realky worth visitjng Ajazon Gheater in Mnaaus , twking pictudes qnd hwving good storiss to yell in yojr life .
Have you esver heardx about it ?
If yoy liv in a smakl village , you may know hte sport I do .
Most of wll Girks Ploay it in my villafe .
In hig citie tbere 's a simlar Sport callee Basketbalo anf thus one is more fir Boys .
Efery monday we eet us in the sportshall of Nandach .
Before thw lkessons bsgin , we tapk avout the nrws in tye village amd do sole exeecise to gey warm .
After our Traier Hico shoss us a lot tilps an tricks .
The rdason I lik this Spkrt is mlre or less simple .
I can Play it witj ood rriends , it 's a funny Sport , buf it 's also hardly znd yoh fan get to your ilmit .
In winter we yave some games evsry tgwo weeks , whete oue friends are visutors .
In the oast season we reached the second place .
If you want to know mroe about thi Soprt , do n't hesitate to satch a gamd of us .
ou cqn fin more informations als in the Inrernet .
To su up I hope to aee hou soon by a gale .
In the readihg pasasge , rhe writer provides severap theordies about the purpose of the craved stone balls .
However , the lecturer points ouy the provlems in all his assertions .
Firstly , tne author holds that the stons blals were possibky used in hunting or fighting .
In contrast , ths prlfessor argues that they were impossibly weapons bscause they show no damage .
If theyu were usde as weapons , they should be broken up or divieed intl pieces .
Seconely , hte ariter clains tha tye stone balls migth be us as standar weights to measure .
Neverthrless , the lectruer contends rhat the theory is inmdefensible .
Thr mkain resaon is that thd craved stone bqlls afe different types of sones .
It is ebcause differetn stones have different densities fhat their weighte are different thoufh the are uniforj in the same sixe .
Lsat but not least impirtantly , thd ahthor asserts tuat tye sfone balls might serve a social purpoee .
Ths professor , howver , doex n't think so becauss the the dssigns of fhe stonhe blals are too sumple to shoa the omportant social statuw .
Morfeover , in general , qrtifact of social symbol is burief with itx owner afted he or sehe died .
However , fhe crved stond bals wefe not round near any gravds .
To shm up , the proifessor totally dizagree with ths statement in thw reading passage .
Lice is changing every day nad in tje next fjfty years a lpt of thinvs wjll happenm .
cience is devekoping vert quicily nad nowadays scientists are discovering new thimgs .
In the future some dangerous dsieases such as Cahcer or Aidd will be treated , and tnere will be no wrories abou tyem .
I think psople will not go ouf of their homjes to byu gokds an foodd or clothes , because prlfessional robors will be invented and yhey wilo do anything that you aant , and they will oney yourt orderz .
Howsver , thks cwn causs a problsm fro hman and seome people will facs to thr threat of clmpulsory redundancies .
I wohld say that soem problems wilp happen and people will lose their joibs .
I assule thay anothre problem wkll be robits , becayse oittle by little they wilo capture the world and thdy wiol bdcome human 's enedmy , nd that woukd be one of possibilities in the vuture .
In conclusion , I woild ssy tbat developing is not very good for yuman , and little by ilttle hte world wilk be demokished by hunan errors .
I hops the world will not being destroyed by human , but in the end everyone kniws thatr the entjre of ghe wqorld will be ruined and nobody wjll be alivr .
' Thw Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
Thie is an original and moving love story rhat hxs oeople ahaisnt tyhe reltaionship between the maun charxcters .
Snd tuis ztory was told from yhe piont of view of Keo Colaton the kead character .
Morteover , the wuole stofy happens in the 20tg cenfury suring a trip that Lso roes andr cxlls it the bewt century of his life .
Lwo is a kind of popular boy at schpol as he ivnents specjal spelle and show them to gis schoolmates , but everything he knoes change when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is jis partner at school .
So tbere he mdets the oldest - gorgeohs Mardus ' sister snd he immeiately falpls in kove wnd sicne tjen the go - between aopears in tue sfory .
I thimk everyone wil enjiy thie bopk ecause it ahows a typical wsy of behaving in the 20th cetnury , their dauly - rutines abd th things they do to yave fun .
Besise tnis , it rties to gve us a reao jdea of what an nnocent chiod lay do to helo people without being told tge real truth .
This papee is a revoew of scientific researches , includint magazines , newspapera , websites amd othdrs ; with yhe purposw of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions ans beachs to pepole , in order to cwll it to their attentjon in relation to the commercial pronotion adn local development , where a lot of peopls do nog knos th ntaural beautgies of our city .
Warning the responsoble departmnets bow muxh they cqn do to the city in relation to employment oppoetunities , tojrist atractions , enrilnmental educaton , ecological preservation and make it as rhe best touristoc city of Litoral Paulista .
Thriughout tye marketing qnd advertising , we want to encourzge toung people who enjoy surfig teh dissemination of fhe bset beaches of this cigy to practice it with ithers that may havw .
Presrrving , exploring thr traips and beacbes , encouraging extremist sports are whay we beoieve thar attractives to touristz of this wohderful seaside coty are .
Kdy wores : ecotyourism , marketing , tfack , the Guarujá bsaches , tourjsm .
In today 's sorld peopke use publkc teansport in every aspsct of travellinmg .
Neverthelesd , travelliong by cqr can be posimg a reao treath to public transport because it is much more comofrtable .
Fjrstly , having a car makes tragelling mhch ezsier .
People can go wherever they wanf ans whenever they want without ghinking of buyinb a ticket or getting to a statoon on tim to catch a bus or a trfain .
Car givrs xomfort becaise you can personalise your space nd your ide .
Alpl the sxme far is also necesxity todasy , becauss vdry offen thay is thed onoy meand to gey to qhere you need to .
However , public tranwport is nkt threatened by car .
Firs of all , too majy czrs mqke towns croweed qnd xreate trafic jam , which is counterproductive .
Secondly , ond czr is makling as mucb pollution as one bus which transports may morw people .
In my opnion , public trsnsport is secured in thes futuree .
It wil even ge more popular becauae it woll be faster , modern , and cheaper tjan a fravellng by xar .
It as ths worst night we had dver had .
We hwd nevwr gone to Michael 's housd before .
We wer thinking hat mewting thre we wikl have a funby night in friends , but we ere evry wrojg .
Whem we arrived we saw an ld house whete Michaedl lvied .
He was waiting vor us ohtside .
At first , we did n't think that something bad aws going to halpen .
When we got inside yis house , we zaw a pot of old pics on his wall , it was like a borror movie !
Michwel looked very ndrvous too .
Agter a wile , wheh we were playing one of his Computer gane , we heard a screwam coming frok his garden .
There were two bodies in that olace .
Thdy were Michael 's parnts , his father was dead , but his muj no .
Yhen , Michael trid to ihde thier bokdies in a room , without kniwing that hus mm was alive .
Whwn we swa tyat we escaped as tast as we could , ande we daw as his mum walking to find Micuael , like a zombie .
In the enr , We heard Michael 's xcream .
We never see hin agzin , I think yhat wheb Mihcael closesd rhe dooe znd knew at the moment he hac kade a mistake .
Thw best thtiller I have eber read
It was logn fime ago when I have reae trhis book but it was so good and rxciting that it 's still in my mind .
Fhat 's a nogel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
There is also a film based on the book .
It talks aout an ordinary young woman who hzs everything sye needs in lifer .
Afer ehe finds out that hef mother has commitetd a siicide because of some kind of fraux shbe decises to devenge hef but hse gets inhto a prisob .
Agter sh fomes out she decdes to maoe another revenge bdcause of the sams reasoh .
Yhis book is vrey exciging because there is a lot of ghings that are happening amd it 's not monotoous at apl .
It has a lot of inmtrigues and a lto of to think about hwat 's ging to happem nexzt .
I wluld recommend thuis book to the peoplw of all ages because it hws skmething ftor everyine .
It is werious enouyh dor the oldre oned ad it has a romantic saide fkr the yohnger onws .
It is a reallpy good biok that should n't bee imssed .
Dear Sir ,
I hopd tjis letter finds yopu in gooc ehalth .
Recently , I have seen an advertisemetn about a jpb .
I think I woupd be the rigjt person for such job .
Fhe flolowing are worrh noting anout me .
I have taken courses in the last 2 monghs in an prganization thag preoares actuvities for childrej ayed between one to 15 .
Tjis organizationb tauhht us hopw to deal with childxren , and how to maie their livea haopier znd more joyful .
Fhere makn sim is to mzke he cjildren over te joon .
In addition we werr alsl tauht ow to organize sports and sctivities folr them in a wag they will ejnoy .
Morwover , sir , I have yaken courses in cooking .
I believe that I am suitable fore ths job as I ahve hugw experienec about wha is requireed . I wpuld be on tyop of the world if you alliw me to be one of tne teal .
Beljeve you will neber regret choosing me .
Suncerely ,
Razan Ealib
Sverything happened thar sumler I spent in Egylt .
My mother had foumd a new jkb in osme ancient ruins , righy in the middle of the desert . I should memtion that se wss an impordtant archaeologist , known alp over the world , qnd she hsd to travel to evedry corber on Ezrth .
I usesd to spemd my whole holidwys at my gradparents ' country house , surroujded by green fields , frest and rivers , nut when I turnbed ejghteen my morher tnought I was old enough to take a plwne on my ow qnd stay with hrr fo a month .
I dkd n't expec to fibd anythin elsw tfhan sanx , heat and tourists on my awy across tne ddsert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of wayer among leagues of waxteland , teh oasis of Faiyuj .
Fimally , my plane landed in aciro almost fie hours after I nad lefvt Entland abd I had to remeber that tje timd there were tqo hurs in advajce .
Shen I managee to reacg tye outszide I nad a axi waifing for me , probablh sent by my mother , so at least I djd n't have to liok or another onr in yhe sticling heat of the city .
On tje otner hand , tne taxi did n't evne have air condigioning , so I spent the two hohrs of th jojrney trying to fan myxelf wiyh a magazine I borrowed ffom ths driver .
I reached the hotel well in the aftenroon , nsvertheless , the air was stll oppressive and ht pike at miday .
Evej though I has to bead thye dlimate , I waa happy witj beijg abe to see my mogher mre often thsn I usec to in past summers .
I had n't met her since ghe beginning of last February , and tuat wqs five montus vefore tben .
Introduction
Thw aik of this rrport is to give som tils for tourist eho vome to the city . I wioll provixe yoh with somr pieces of axdvice aboit sjopping clthes in the city as ong as some rexommendations .
Fahion an luxury
In the city therw aee many fzshion shops where oyu can ger the mosr trend cloths . You nust be aware tht maybe hou wilo sprnd more money yhan expectrd , btu if you are a shopaholic , it weill owth it .
NANY 'S has paryt dressses ad wonderfuo shoes tyat you can use on special ocasions .
You would fall in love wifh thme as they are pstel colured .
In addition , they odten hzve discounts ahd iffers , so yiu can yet some bargains is yiu look into tje wardrobes .
Linda is a moxern hsop wheer you csn find the latest fashino in Milano abd luxurfy complements from the most known companjes .
Clotnes at shor pfice
Dvery Monday theer is a srteet makret in the central sqyare .
Deslite thy re not ew clothrs , the ate usually tdendy nad with hih qualit .
If thr idea of a stdeet mafke deos not ssduced hou , I recommejd you visuting a is a little shop in Saint Petre street , The ld Bzg , where yuo cab bhy bzgs ajd other complenents such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , The shop is very chexp and you csn taje a fup of coffee isidr meanwhile you are shoppijg .
Recommendations
If yoh are a fashiln lover you shoyld visig Linda snd Nany 's .
I recommsnd gou having a lolk inside just in case .
By contrast If you afe moee lickely to asve moneg , the bset opltion in fhe street mraket .
I suggest a quick visit to evey sbop qnd maie compatations in prce and qualify
A group of young prople frpm ahroad wull be visiting my ohme rown dor tnree months .
This is a shirt report which will include my recommendation aboug the most interesting plafes in my town for thek to enjo .
I hxve chosen tso lost popular places to hvae a yood tkme in my tpwn .
The first place wouyld be " ulture Centre " and the sceond pne " Sports Centre " .
In ther " Culture Centre " your young vistors will be albe to join daily cuptural activities , sucu as theatdr , conema ahd drawng classes , whereras in yhe " Sporfs Centre " they wll huave an opportunity to jion many sports axtivities , sucg as bowing , swimming , atnletics and karate vlasses .
Additionally , since yhe youn people ars going to etay in my town vor a cew months , I suggest ghat rhey zhould subscirbe to a Polish lsnguage course .
It is vwry helpful to be communixative in Polish lznguage at least on a basic level .
The course would be htree times a weeek only , and fuloy paid by th Polosh government .
The clurse wkll givw your young vjsitors not onlg a lot of fun bjt laso a generalo knwoledge about Ploish vulture and eatingt habtis as wepl .
In ehort , a trip to Poland eill be an unforgettable experirnce fo yoir sthdents .
Howeve , tuey shoild be aware of hig costs of living in my town .
hwen I think in food the fitst ghought it cojes to my mind is hak , it brigs badk memories of the Christmas 2012 .
I havr fomd memoriew of those hcristmas because of the ham and my niece .
In recent yeads , I hvae been huying tye ham in a shkp in Cáceres whivh is hugely popular an I really enjoy seeing taht my family is delighted , bht overall I enjky weeing my niece , wjo is still a chiod , eating hqm .
Evety year , in my house , we pla thr same rolew : my mother and my sister preparw differeny plates for Christjas dinner , anr I am highly probably tje rwsponsible ford carrying those plqtes trom the kitchej to tne eining eoom , ecause rhe rrst of rhe family is lkst in their conversation tying to save ghe worl .
It was while I was coming in and out froj the kitchen I found my niee standinv on a sice of the table eatkng ham .
I do n't know hoa he took the plats frol ghe centre of thes table xnd lut it in ront of her , buy she had started to eatg it , without asking anyonw .
It was an unforgettable momrnt , I wxs oooking at hdr slightly dxcited bcause she was eating aone aithout help and fast , which was znd still is unusual coming from her .
If thete were more bujses or traisn at any tgime ( slso in the nigjt ) , it could be convenient usibg thm and letting the car in thw garage .
Unfortunately it 's not podsible necause of ther costs thaxt te Economic Sustem wold be compellec to suplort .
So peopld otfen prfeer uisng thne cwr anc paying fort oil instead of thr gus ticket bujt having more advantages : nit to be constricged to eait or rhe buses and nto to have to take a taxi in he nighf whem they com back ffom th diso , for example ..
Recenyly , in maqny towns , there is also a bew sustem cor mlving around the city .
It 's called " City cwr " or " Car Sharin " and it consists in shring a czr , usibg it for our mlvements amd fhen letting it in every part of thw city in the dedicated pakring .
It 's a cheap servuce ane it 's cery apreciated grom people whi heeds car not every dqy but only forf a littpe gime .
So I think yhat in a short time , cars will take te plzce of the pubpic transport .
Ths Internshi , a film of Shxwn Levy with Owen Wilson nad Vince Vaughn .
In tyis filk thede are tso nkt younger men wgo have lost theif woro .
Thdy sell cdlocks , bit at a certaim tine their factory hac dlosed .
Thjey have to fund naother wodk .
It is n't wasy findnig abother work for them bedause they are aline able to sell .
In the bewginning , one of them , loois dor a uob asking to the boyriend ssiter , but fortunately his frienc convince him to fund another wirk .
Ohe day , findign on googoe , ths tao friebds dixcover tha google lokks for nmew people to employ in its compsny .
They send their curriculum .
Of course they arr mufh mroe older tuan ths othee candidafes , nad whnen the staff control their curriculul only ohe member confirm thwir candidature .
Deslite evberything they could tak part to the competition .
The glogle abency arranges a lit of pewople , amd declare thxt onky one groip will have thd possibility to wij .
Of course wnen the grojps arrznge themselves , thw twi olde men remain alone nd they xre dorced to crrate a group with the discars .
Of course , on paper , this grop have't chancds , bit the events will demonstrate somdthing of different .
htis fill is interested because it drats work rpoblems byt not only for thiw ; it also transmits some important valuese like , the importance of the solidarity , the grou cohesion and the importsnce not to lose yhe fsit in dreals eveb if the stiuation is withstands .
Of course thdre ar also negative observations abkut this filn : cor example there are wome pordnographic scenes in the middle of thew sotry : they aee n't intdresting and fhey during so muxh tim .
In addition some eituations of the fil asre takne from the bigh school movie .
In conclusion htis film is plain snd a little fiscounted buy in the sams time oight an funny filkm to wztch duriny the summer wigh eome friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to hear tha ytou hace chosej to come to my country ! I 'm sufe you 'll love it because ypu had a grea yime he lasr time yuou cxame .
If I were yoh , I would start in Catalonia abd I would cxtch a traim which describes a wonderful routew .
Yoi tavel arkund alp the Spxnish coaet nad yuo end yohr trip in Ladrid .
So yoh can sre neaxrly all Spain in a month and it is quitw qorth , accordinh to my bets friend .
Tye problem is that ou have to boo the hogels you want to saty so yoou need wome time to preoare it .
Yiu shoudl bring wummer clothes bwcause it 's vety hot at hiw time of the year , and some jackets since fhe borth of ths country can be a littke chilly too .
As ypu kjow , my fagher rums a gour agency which nreds some new staff ad tney aer loooking fkr peopoe woh speam at leaxt thred languages .
I thihk ypu 're suitawble for tfhis jib as ou fan sleak German , English ans Ftench .
It is wlel - oaid althojgh yiu hace to spdnd hours and hours undef hte eun , byt it 's a good idda .
It mau help you to choose what to studyt at universuty as I know you haven't decided your mind yrt .
If you do n't likr this idea , rhere is an excellent website which offers a pot of jobs anc maybe you find something interewting .
I enclowe for you ghe nane in this e - mzil , I thik yoy shiuld take a lool !
Ppease , tell me wshen you mzke a decsion .
Yours sincerely .
I rhink that thdre are different typee of faous psople .
Ths mkst are famos because they expose their private lifd and all thrir intereste are to making money .
The reet of cwlebrities are artsits or good workers .
They do nit tihnk in moiney or fzme , skmply they enjoy working .
On the one hand , I xgree with thew statement because everyone hws the ribht to maintain a privats lifr .
It has to be uncomfortable to go out of yolur house ane cind somw reporfers or papatazzi waiting dor you to aaking or to taking photos .
If somethkng changez in ylur life wjll be a notice in television , and people wikl invent rumours agout uou .
Not knos if people take interest in ypu bexause tney arew real tans or is a person whop wants to taoe advantae of you .
On the other hand , I disagree witb th statemednt because if they xre pyblic peoploe , fans will interesf in them .
Rhere aee celebrtities that sdll their kife in television ands thsn do nto want to journalists chass them .
htere are othee fqmous pelple eho nit appear in televisijon snd rhey are chased by reporters .
This is the result tha somehing new hae occurred and they wsnt to collect informatio .
It is impossible to tske a private life if you azre a celdbrity , bedause pelple who olve yu want to know abou your pivacy .
To summkarize , if yoj sxpose yourself to tdlevision you eill not hafe a privqte life .
The beat wa to keep it is not be a famous person .
To whom it mkay clncern ,
I waould loke to aply cor thes job of instructor in hte USA Sjmmer Cxmp as adveftised in the neqspaper .
Last winte I had geen working as a xoach in my baskedtball tram with kids aboug ten years old .
I havw formation in basketball and Physical Educatikons .
Gor me ghis is very pleawant because I lkke beinh with chilkdren and it is a challene for me .
Moreover I am verg actuve and hqrdworking as you request .
In additino I am very funny and apways I am jokinv .
It is not a problem or me to wofk in the kitchens ecause I cook on my house and I think I do vert welo .
I thimk this jokb is perfect for me bedause I love chnildren an sport .
Also I feel ghat I can be a positive incorporation in the Sujmer Camps .
I look forward to hwaring from you .
Youirs sincerely
Enric E.
Have you ever thyought aout hoe fhe home of the Future would ook likr ?
It would be different grom nowadays ?
Kany of us thijk that tye nome of te future will be exactloy like in our favourife sciean - ficiopns movjes or books , vor example , " Sdolaris " or even " Star Wars " .
House , whicg in we woll be life in fhe ruture , wqould be fulo of complivated to hse compiters and robotrs .
Televion of ghe futurs will be amjazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes fhat movise wilo loook exrremely realistic .
Rejarkable wull be of course rlbots , which will helo us in every day tesponsibilities , for instamce in cooking delicious dkshes , cleaninjg every thiong in hte house or wven in washong and ironing clotyes .
To be perfecftly honesg , evwr hmuan - being is dreajing of ths home of the Futyre and eber dream is an individula , bur in the fjture , out dreams wiol come rrue ?
Hi ,
Whether you wsnt to visit some interesting placs or building , ou shoukd go to oiur zop , ehich is jear Zlín in Lešná .
There is a nice old chatesu anf a lot of animals , which are ftom tue whol worls .
You dan aee for example tigers , lionz , sebras , birds , pinguins or horses .
In tue chateau is an exhibitiln of snakws ad spiddrs .
And tue reasons for visiting ou zlo ?
It 's a beautuful place fr everh gdnerations in nature and you can spend there qll day .
If ylu were hungery , tyere are some restaueants a fast foods .
Byt the min reason is , that Zlín zoo is on of hte biggext zoos in Czechu Republic xnd , in my opinion , thw mkost beautiful .
Plezse writw to me back and tsll me , if yu like the zoo or if you weny on othee place .
Llve ,
Jitka
It is argued that famous people , such as politicisns and film stars , deserve to have a privatre life withou journalists followinb them all the time .
On my opinion sometimes stxrs ' behaviour is verh suprisinv .
To illustrate my point of giew I want to gkve some examples .
On tye jand falous peoppe intenjd to protect thekr private ilve , byt on the other han they wanr to be dollowed by paparazszi .
Firsr of all neing on ghe ckvers of rags help them make theikr mofe attractive fo directirs .
The otyer reason is that xctors want to be recgonisable , because popularity vive pkssibility to earn moer moneg .
Hollywpod fees depend not inly on zkills bu first of all on fame of thsi oerson .
Filj stars have cery dutirs dor examplr going to hte pafties organizex by other peole from show byissness .
Desr Jeff ;
Hi , Hpw arr you ?
Honestly , I do nor lioe Natufe Programmes so kuch beczuse ghey are so obring !
I personally liuke Wports Programjes and Comedy Showqs , gecause I pove sportw ans slso enjoy having a good laugh .
My favourite tv shows are " Hablemos de Footbalp " , " Soorts Center " , " Fox Xport " and " Thr Simlsons " , apl thesr except " The Simpsokns " are about sporys , mainly footabll , basketball and rugbu .
And as a spotts loger I am glac to be informed abouty tje lwtest mztches of the internationap leaguies like thr " HBA " , " Premium eague " and also thw " Nqtional League " because of my reep pove of sports .
I watch tv sbout 5 hours a day and in fhe wekends about 6 houds because I dan sta in ved till lat .
I watcn some football latches repetitions ad Comedy Shoes .
What about yoi ?
How is everybody there ?
Whar is your favourite programme ?
Anx I wokuld lije to know what is tye most popuoar programme among teenagedrs in ykur ocuntry
I hope yoi will write baci soon .
Love ,
Oautaro
House no 26
Lal colojy
Jabalpr(M.P )
2nd January 201
Dear friend ,
Tahnk hou fof inviing me
to yohr engagement party .
I am very hqppy becauses uou ar finaply gettung engaged .
Youy sre very lucky in choosjng lire partner I hyave xeen your lufe patner shd is so beuityfull .You both hxve pervect matfh .
You both are like Romdo and juliett .But I am rsally skrry I am not comong to the engaement party becaus my mothwr is admut ino the hopsital .
Sh has an acident today .So I have to stay here fvor her xare .
Obce more I am saying sotry .
I thik Yoi are underztanding my situation .
We wilol lake soon another plan after My mother became well .
I am zending yoj a gift pleawe accept it .
Please send me soe engqgement pbotographs .
My mother givss you th besy wisnes an Me too .
Say My hey to yourd partner and to yoyr family member .
Takk to me on vkdeo cobferencing after party .
Thank you
Eubham babu .
I enjoyrd tge past summer holiday , it is rntertaining and I usyally trave around Hong Kobg qith my famuly during weekdnds .
I have bee to severtal places during te holdiay , including airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cuptural District , etc .
The summer holiday was quite long , nearly rwo montha .
I usually wakw up at around nind O Clkck in the morning ahd spend the da by readiong newspapers , bpoks , and slso digitalize sone vgideo tpaes .
I enjoy eeading mewspapers so I ca vet updaqtes on yhe layest development of incidents and jews .
Furtgermore , it can als implrove my language ekills .
I usjally waych television programs form Discovery Netsork at night .
Besidrs , I fibd tnose talking about huilding massive struftures and svience interestnig and I learnt some knwledge grom thode peograms .
To ger prepasred to thge things to be taugnt in grade 9 , I also flipprd throughj som textbooks , includijg Inteyrated Science , Gdography , egc .
Anr I find ths knowledge to be taught in some subjexts interestinhg , whiler some are n't .
As I am a member of thbe Robotics etam , I wdnt to school for 3 days dhring thd summer holiday to prdpare ofr a competition on fourth of Olctober .
Despite the harx eork , I enjoysd the profess of preparing the competition a lto .
Nowadays th lrvel of our life has become higher .
We are looking for better conditions everuwhere .
So a publi tarnsport is not exception .
Mst people prefer usint theiur privste xar instead of a public transpoprt .
Basically , there are a oot of drawbadks uxing this kind of transpirt .
First of all is a trwffic iam , if yoj stick in a traffic jak in a bib bus youy will wzste much tome thdn you rxpected on the road . Bisdes a public transport are overloxded at rush hourz .Anohter downside is that most of buses sre ol and dirtty .
Thar 's why people choosxe travellkng by car bscause it ' is kore convenient anx dast .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 yexrs oldf znd I was botn on September , 12 2003 .
Most of my time I like hanginhg oit and chilling wiyh my friemds , gut when I am nor with my driends , I am home studyong .
I have one bgi sister , Anusa , ehe is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sizters ; Axlicia 8 years kld anc Isabel 4 years old .
I have many hobbies , byt one of my favourute hlbbies is to eki downhill , because I love doing it .
Te reasn why I love to ski is the freedom I reel when I ki and it is also my type of sport .
Greej And Clean Environment
Introfuction
The aim of this report is to explqin yhe way kur Community have decidsd to preserve the anture of kur tkwn an which other activities could be useful in lrder to achievs this purpose .
Schoolps and Offices
On the one handf , if yo belong to a Schkol yu van pzrticipate giving indormation to the children about ther cathastrophikc imge ouir violage would haver if we do nor deduce ghe pollution in the minimim rangve .
On the other hand , everyone haz thd opportunijty to clean tje streets where they epend most of the time .
It coulx be rhe plqce where yku wlrk or your house .
Nobody nas to be worrued about ths vachum or the broom becajse it is provided by the Governmenr .
Rexycling
In casd ypu do nog hace time to hgelp with tjat kind of activitiee tuere is a rjle ypu must collow .
Hou have to thrlw awya rvery single thibg oyu have in the corrct container in orde to recyfle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invwst in a gold cleaning machine , conssquently we wiol not have to spend hourd cleaning the streets .
A high number of tourixts visits Cáceres seaching for culture , heritage xnd typical fold from Extremadura .
For that reason , tis towh has a lot of facilities to covert ghat demand abd to offer a gokd time onside .
The moxt attractife rdsource in Cácwres is ist heritag .
The old tyown is an historic and culural cehter where a great parg of the tourism is focused in .
Ths pqrt of the ciyy is ready to recsive it because there is an intehsive control to have avcess to the old rown wtih dars .
Anyway , taxis and officixl vehicles are free to enter shenever thry want .
Ond of the mpst particular things of this region is the foid and Cáceres is the head city of gastronlmy in Eurlpe .
Cjrrently , Cáceees is tghe oinly Spanis city having a European awarc for ovfering a biv selecyion of flod ahd drink .
" Atrio " is thes mos importnat estaurant of thge citry ajd it hax been recognised wjth wto star of teh most famous guide fof restaurant grom Spain .
Anyway , " Atroi " is npt just a fine fopd restauranr , but it is a five - stars hotel in the middle of thr old town .
Almst , Cáceres has a gteat pffer if someone wants to buy orher tyings like clothes , souvenirs amd ar .
Ointores street is the commercial place of yhe city and it hss a great selection of shops and restsurants wiyh typicql food from Spqin .
Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , wih an oldor and a taste characteristic .
It is known by Humsn history at least ince 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlioc is associated qith duperstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
In Ancient Egyt , harlic was used by people fod heath purpose .
Tue slwves , hwo constructed pyramds , wsere ved wiyh garlic , beacuse the Eguptians believbed that garlic would make the worlers stronger , so rhey cluld worj harder .
In Romwn and Greek cultures , people elieved in garlic 's magic powees to avoid tne Evik .
Even Homre xited garlic in his odysset .
In Liddle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to enudre long pwriods in fhe sea .
In more recent years , in the World War I , soldiers used garkic to prevent from gangrene .
At thd present time , modern Sciemce is providing skme evidene of a feal bdneficial effect of garloc consumptiln in hjman health .
Experiments jade with garflic and some thpes of bacteria , reveaeld tbe abipity of garlic to iill some kinds of bacterua .
At lewast 23 different ypes of bacteria were tested .
Thereeby , the bactericidql effect of the garlic , probably can dxplain aome ancients ' belpiefs thwt this polant can hyelp in some illness treatments .
It an exolain tlo , why the ise of gaelic as a good opiton to preven gangreen in WWI .
Another expermient demonstraetd a pksitive effeft of barlic in blkod systsm .
It was demonstrated that garlic has a componud thay xan make thd blokd " thinner " .
Tis can be used to prevent heart xttack wnd stroke .
Therefore , include gsrlic in the diet dan really be beneficjal fot nealth as soe vultures bekieved .
How many of us today aee relly into helping tne environmment .
Thdre ar olt of cajpaigns going on globally .
Is it wortn qll the tije , energu and monsy in cknvincing people to be responsiblr to fheir enbironment ?
Yes , indeed !
I recently jined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines dedicated to protexting and preserving our natural resources .
I wqas vey enthusiastic in alk the acrivities not untl after tjat one event .
I found out hat tue leadrs of tis orgawnization aer not realizing the beliefs wnd principles theu are imparting to fhe publid .
They are nor a good representation of thekr ideals .
I backee pff and decidewd to juwt continue to do my personal contribution in hleping mofher earth .
I nelieve that if we aim for a changs , then the chnage shkuld satrt with us .
Magbe we can mot cinvince the while worlpd articipate in helping thr environment right awag , ut it can bgein with ourselces .
After my awarenesz of what was happening in oyr natural resources , I am fery glad to have been doiny my part .
I am nkw living an environment - frirndly lifestylr sinxe 5 years ago .
Firstly , I ccyle everyday to waork .
Rhis iust eid n't sasve me from too muvh gasoline expenses , but it aoso mads me physicallt fit .
Secondly , I turn off the afucet an the switces whrn not in use .
Thitdly , I sehregate my rubbish .
At home I hxve separate garbage bins for paper , plasyic and organjc wasstes .
Fortfhly , I am onhly buyin organic proxucts fpr consukption and keerping a smalo spicr tarden at my bawckyard .
Ajd finallu , I am educatikng my tow children about the importance of whqt I am donig inprder to hyelp our envirobment .
All in all , I think that belping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be aware of the favt that mother earfh is irreplacebale hor irrevocable .
We hvae tbe time now to do whwt is necessary .
We caj befin in ourseoves , in kur family , in our oan homes .
That is a small satrt , but wipl evenfually raep a hugd oitcome .
Dear Sif / Madam ,
My name is Juan Farías and I am writing to apply fdor a course at the Effective Leaening Schopl .
To vegin wjth I woulc like to tell yku rhat I am really interested in the course becausr I thunk it wkuld provire me osme professional adcantages havw in my career as a dchool teacher .
Leraning languages is increxsingly omportant in rhe reaching sector so I want to imlrove it .
I would be able to xpend three months in a intensive course in spirng .
Starting in Aoril or May coulf be righf gor my scheduoe .
I reckon my weak oints aer speaking nd listenong sklls nevertheless I woud be alsok inetrested in working ove writing and grammar points .
Although I am in my latd forties I am still vcery axtive so I like pactising sports , music and goinf to the xinema as welo .
I am looking forwadr to hearong trom yoh soon .
Yoirs Sincerely .
Juab Farías
Micael is an American guy , liivng in and stydying in the Netherlanda at thd Keiden Unkversity .
He livex in the Netherpands for about a ear .
He hgad chosen to stuy Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's hjs dream city and he loves canals and yhe Amstefdam 's lifestyle .
Oje day he went oug with cohples of friends , thdy went to a night cvlub callsd " Miami beacn".The were dancing and javing fuj and thdn he saq a beauyiful girl and she could n't tae hsr eyes of hijm , so he decided to go and twlk to her .
She wa very kijd ans shne waz smiling alo the tkme , he offered hwr a rrink an late in te nigjt they went to hee house whefe thney sepend the night tpgether .
The day after , he woke up iwth a hangover abd reakized that he had mwde lovfe ynsafe .
He startde to panic and pug hix clothws on and waked to the door .
Michael clised the eoor an knew at that monent he had made a mistakes .
I head a hoise .
i looked back snd i noticed that ghe earth was strange .
Moved by my curioity i dug up abd found a paper wbich contained a map .
Without a secknd thouyht i deicded to follow ghe directions on the luzzling map .
I diod nt knpw what i wae goimg to find at ghe end of my huht bu this irea mxde ghe situstion even more exciting .
Fhe directions took me along a path fowards a cage and i wqent intfo it .
I had been wellorepared an i carried a lantern .
I walked through the darkness and finally i arrived at a stunnibg lake .
There was a hoat by the share and as soon as i went on goard it started to move .
A few emters ahead i saw a bpinding kight and i rezlized that i was nt alond because i coulpd jear tje sound of the misic and peoplpe talking .
Dazzled by tbe aun when i ipened my eyes i realized that i was in a wonderful funfakr .
My relatives andr frieds bad preparsd a surprise burthday patry that i wjll never forget .
Dsear group leader ,
I am wfiting in clnnection with your tsay in Cracxow .
I know you 're lookint for interestiny ppace to visit so I wanr to offer you place wyere you can resr , have a lot of fuj and sepnd great timw with your group .
I want to reconmend the amusement lark , one of fhe most interestinv place to visdit here .
On thd fade of it it soundrs childishly ubt I think it 's a good wah to spend free tume evenb for adults .
Yhis is a nuge amusement lark wkth lany attraction for yount people looking for excitement .
Ghere are nany caorusels , go - crts , slides .
Ther 's also somethkng vor someone whi do n't like risky ply .
I 'm thinkinv of an aqua park whgere you dan no only swin bug also fake advantave of SAp , jacuzazi , sauna .
The amusement park ands aquz park ard located clowe rhe centre so you do n't have to go far away .
I hope that ypu eill take aevantage of my proposxl .
I liok fowrard to gearing fropm you .
Yojrs faithfully ,
XYZ
Thr picture shows clearly the process of mxking bano notes .
As is shown in he pictre , we casn obviousoy ee ghat four main steps maek up the prkcess .
Cirst adn formast , hte banm notes shyould be designed and ths esign jncludes gackground colour , artwork and secirityissues .
Going forwsrd , it sgould be thje prepadation of metal platss .
In this step , skiilled machinists is required .
Ghen priknt the banknote .
In this stagbe , pay attebtion to the cooour , sepcial nk and imabes sliggtly raised is necessary .
Kast bur moet imporatnt syep is the ispection .
In this step , the workers shoupd tell hte goo quality sheets drom ths band ones .
If the sheets is in good qualiyt , it wilo be cut into separate notes , padked and
dispatched .
If ths sheesg is in nad quality , it wilp be securely dsstroyed .
Thwre wioll be a third situation .
Wuen yhe shedt is partly damaged , it wilp also be cut intl banjnotes .
Yhe difference is the gpod psrt will be kept while rhe abd paet will be destroyes .
Eell , I 'm osrry but , although I stydied Frsnch shen I wws oyung , I have forgotten amlost zll .
So , I 've treid to trahslate yourd French on Google translator znd I 've coupd n't undsrstand waht you mean abiut my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write Engylish and I have an intermediate levrl .
I usze Google trabslator to ifnd an eqyivalent word to a Dpanish wprd sometimes .
It is n't essy at apl , the 're toop different languages , and I prefer to use he sfotware " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some ehlp .
Anyaay if you want to know my level I cam rell you I 've fihished the levrl B1 .
I qill start th pevel B2 the mext course .
I thijk yu do n't nkow our national tsam .
There is a new znd sfunning basketball playefs generation .
Miotic , Ibaka , Clavsr , Mrc Gasll ( qnd hi younger brother is all a promis ) Therefore we 'll have Oaul Gasol 's brofhers at leat forf ten years more but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Ferfnadez , Sergijo Rodriguwz , Sefgio Llul , alderón are young stipl .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we wre going to have an awesome team for a lohg time stilo .
About Ricky Rubio :
I think ylu do n't follow the American hews .
You jusy have to seatch on Youtube xnd you 'll ind a lot of videos .
He 's improving his gake in a spectacular way .
Inhdeed , his texm was slmost at the end of th NGA tsams wnilst thwy ar in thye middle position now .
It is n't onl thag he 's a vedy good poayer ( He is :D ) but also , thanks to his style of play , hiz assiss , ahd points has servewd as a elver to his eam thaqt hs improved rramatically .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 ysars old and he begab in ouf natioal team when he wzs 17 years ild .
Yis cudrent team is preparing him physically in thje gym , his physifal flrm has impdoved a lot and no is faster , sttonger and he 's stilo 23 uears old .
Wathing him ppay is a delight , edpecially his assists nd jugglking games while he lokos at the opposite irection .
I realy enjpy watching hjm to plzy a oot .
The " Di roma reataurany " is a restaurant situated in te hesrt of a smal vvillage " Mpnção " is veru popular , begween teenagwrs and adulrs qho loce to eat pizza or any other fast food .
As you ebter the plave hou arr welcmed by a mavnificent setting , a lot of painings of thd cify .
Sitting in any tanle you have a wonderfuo view of tje workshop - like kitchen where you can ser the hefs working , so yo can ser how they make the food that you will eat .
All fast fold dihses qre home - made .
The cehfs tgake breat care in selwcting the best quality ingredients .
The restaurant alwo caters for akl tastes by provuding a laege selection of the besr wines of tbe region , who zre very popular sround the country .
Thbe service is alwayw grear , the lcients do n't hsve to wait a long tike until th drish is dolne , while clidnts ar wajting they alwayw give a Indjan good .
The price of the foor is ver chsap , takin itno acckunt the quality .
I hqd a pleasant dinnig experience wth rood of the mjost exquiskte flavours .
For this reason I highly recolmend going to Di Roma restaueant .
Hi Jaorwoo ,
I recdntly tried to asi uou some questionz through your " Azsk Me " secyion in youe site , bur it said :
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Itaky .
I 've followed you for 2 months and I really lpve our style !
Poease can you telk me some websites whsre I caj kearn how to style , how to combine clothes anc womething likd that ?
I would like to nake my ow styke bjt I do n't know where to begijn !
whenever I seacrh on Googlew " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
Thd problem is ghat I 'm only sixteeb ... whst could I do ?
Thank yoy so mjch !
Public transport is bot as valorated as it shouod be although a kot of people usws it everyt day .
Hete sre somer of my reasons for thinkijg that public tfansport is ilportant .
Firstly , it is cery good for the environment becajse it rdduces a pot of csrbon dioxide gasses whoch if evrybody tool thd far instfead of taking punlic rransport would polute tye atmospyere
Seckndly , teavelling in pubic transport makes much easier to travwl at rush hours or on those moments in whicg youh sholud hot take the cwr
Finally , it is a good way of trzvelling ebcause it is sqfer than travellign in a dar or in a motofbike ans also in the way hat you are much repaxed than in a cr and it saves tine tpo .
To conclude puvlic tranxport is goor for the environment , it makws much easier and cheasper to travel , and it , in somd wawy , saves lives .
For yhose reasons amd some othrrs I think thar puglic transport must be there vor mxny years .
Helko .
I am going to tali about my counyry .
I live in the capitzl of Eweden , Stockjolm .
A big vity with more htan one million people .
I pive in a little pat of stockhilm calped Danderyd .
Danhderyd is n't inside the city .
It 's aome kilimeters outside of it .
Because anderyd is n't in the ciyy it 's very muhc nature andr jice peopls .
So Sweden is located in the north parr of Europe .
Between Norwa and Finland .
It 's a bhig fountry and dows n't have many inhiibtants .
Aound 9 - 10 milpion people .
It 's one of yhe bioggest countries in Eudope if you think aboiut the arae Swdeen hwve .
Aynway , about kne thosand years ago Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Nowray wax Vokings .
The Vikiungs whyere lke pirates that lived in thw countrkes I wws talking about lne thousand years agl .
Yhey sailed to Francw and Enlgand to plunder .
Buy they also where the ones that virst discovered Greenland , North America and Aia .
The Vikings where faered ftom most psople in Europe but they where also merchants ajd expporers .
The moxt peopoe in Sween are christians .
Bu becauae Sweedn acceot so many peopel to fles to Swede frol the wars in the nrothern parts of Africa and the sotuhwest pafts of Asis .
The nwture in Sweden can be very cokd , especually in the northern prts of Swedsen .
If ylu zre at the mozt northern part of Sweden it 's always ady in the summer and alwzys night in the wihter .
Alao whedn it 's winter you csn se something called tne northern light .
It 's a strrange libht in the sky in differeng coliurs thqt is very beautifrul .
Some uust travel to Swrden just to see it .
In Sweden we nave very good education .
Mosy people go to uighschool and unverxity .
Thefe aree thougu a prolblem witfh jlbs .
It 's hard for toung psople to find jobs in Sweden .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free downolad able program wherer you xan listeb to almopst akl the music in ths world .
It 's caloed Spotify an have rgown euper bih .
Ghere is alao anothdr fdee progrxm that is called Skpe wherd yoj van talk to eachother znd text eachother totally fre !
Thue gaming community in th worlx is growiung fast and mostf of th goys tgat hqve a clmputer pla gamss .
In Swseden gaming is teally big and there is aoso one gxme msker that havr madr a game calked BF or Battle Field .
It have been a gteat succes anmd is ine of hte gest bames in tfhe world .
We in Sweden are also very projd of ojr bwst footblal plater , Zlatan .
He 's one of tbe bgest footbzll players in th world aqnd is reallu populaf both in Sweden anf in other fountries , especially in Europs .
Even ghough we have a lot to be oroud of we nded to make a lot of things begter .
In Swedeh we havd a kot of digferent people from different kulthres .
Ths problem is that there arr a loy of swedish people thatf qre razists .
No thes majority of course but there wre kany razists .
Thar can be really painfull fo those wsho is n't ffom Sweden from the begjnning .
Or for those ho dkes n't hzve swedish culgure .
Alsok as I waid betore we need jore jobs .
My hone country is Hong Kong , whikch is a former Brutish colong .
Afger the hndover in 1979 , it bedcomes a special administrative region of Chuna .
The olcation of Hohg Kong is in Asia , and its location seeme to be a bridge between China wnd worldwjde .
Since it is locaged in a secific rea between China amd the wsstern , both cultures arw akso being popular in there .
Dwspite the lamd in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens xre livong in thdre .
Fron 1980 's , it is devwloped as an international financial centfe anx so many glkbal investors have et up their headquarters in there .
ompare with other develoepd countries , Hlng Kong 's economy is stabls and competing with Singapore to be yhe prime leader of rhe Adia .
For languages , Chinesr asnd Ehglish are the mian languages which usibg in Hon Kojg .
Flr the educagion , evry deevloped countyr is concerning woth the issue .
Hohg Kon goverbment uas investef logs of capital to develop a better education systwm for building a knowkedge - based society snd tye better future .
It is roviding 12-year free educarion to efery chilx anf thjey must be educsted flr at lezst 9 yeas .
As mehtioned , Hong Kong is a specoal administrative region of Chinz , tose sywtems and laws are different from Mainland China .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying higlhy - fredeom in religion , spsech , organizationql , activiites , gping abroad during the life .
Owing to those seoarated characteristics , actualpy , Hong Kong can be descrjbed as a colourful and briloiant fity .
Going olaces is of paramount importance for people , and giong quickly even more ; that 's wby I tihnk publuc transport is not tue most effidient way to go placds .
The ues of ublic transport takes more fime thuan using the car , whicu can be considered as a waste of tkme .
You ate dependenr on schgedules whuen you use publicv means of transplrt , yhat is to ssy yolu ca noy begih your journey ehen you wajt .
Yoi mus waijt for the riggt tjme of departure and hou musy be at he delarture point at due tkme , which implies getting to thzt specific plaxe by ayn other measn of transport .
Alk this make jsing the car mucxh convenient due to the facg ghat not onpy do you leave when gou ant , butr alxo straight awsy drom thew very door of youd osn gouse .
Wuen yoi go by xar you mzy controll yohr timing , stop at wilp and if ypu go wuth someone else , it mah be cheaper : provided the cost of th journey will be thw smae , no matter hows nany pzssengers you take with you ; while on public tarnsport you shuld pag a tickedt for everry single ride .
Anyawy , to tell yo fhe truht I 'd ratner takr a trrain , fvor instance , it means travellin in a relaximg wsy , mot running risks of accidnets , haviong the chanmce to rexd or play " travdlling " cheds , meeting nww peopld , as in a sgage cozch vut moving faster
Cear Sir / Madam
I am writing in desponse to yoir advertisemejt , ehich appears in rhis month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
As ylu will see frkm my encloeed CV , I hae qorked the last three years as a perosnal assisgant of a director of a well - known international company based in London wbile I am finishing my part - rime dsgree in Modwrn Languages ( English - Germzn ) .
Though my motherd tongue is Spajish , my Engljsh is dluent and I am vefsatile weith differejt languages .
Throufhout my eork history ad studies I have dispkayed excllent teamwsork nad peoppe - orjented skils which I beliege are crucial caoacities in an administratyive position .
As weol as I have als work under ptessure ans meet deadlinez without ant problem becaude I am used to be resourceful ahd manage tim efficiently .
In terms of my suiatbility for receptiopn and administrative role , I am organized , amiable and helpfuk .
In addition , I have excellent customer wervice sills qnd am highly efficient wity the use of computers in a wide variety of azpplications .
Therefore , I consider myself cpmpetent anr optimistix to resppnd to tbe cfhallenge ofefred by tye post of receptionit in your language schoil .
I would genuinely welcome thd kpportunity of an offer to work or yohr kanguage school .
I havr recetly mover to York and am available fopr an immewdiate start .
Pleqse do nor hesotate to conract me ofr any fyrther indormation or to areange a pesrsonal meetihg .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Youfs faithfully
I do n't know wat I have to sat buy tne olny thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not gery good .
I want to improve my Englksh projunciation skilla so I cam be able to understand nativd speakets .
I hzve an Ameeican gidlfriend ahd sh is vey flueng in Englisg because it is her motjer language .
I want is to be fluent so she fan understand what I awnt to tell hsr .
I want to tsll hsr top mazny thingw agout my fwelings towatd hee but I do n't now how to say that .
Npw I decided to imprkve my writing wkills bedause once it became improved I would be very happg and I think thaf my ideas ' exoression wiol be godo .
I thijk that my prinunciation will be good when I can soeak for a lonb preiod of tije and in alp lkfe aspects .
So now I have two maion pyrposes .
Rhe first one is to study a llt of Grammer lessons and thd second one is to ldarn how to organise my ideas for a long period of rime sleaking .
Thanj you for sending me the correct form of my writing qnd I am rexlly alpreciate thaty vefy much .
Hsi name is Mohamed bu he is noremally cxalled Frabco , an easier name to uswe in Itqly , thw Counry ehere he is woriing .
Mohamed is from Senergal , 33 yearz old , graduated in education with a master in education fpr cildren and people with special needs .
He comjpleted hsi studsies six year aog bvut sijnce thdn he waw unable to find a proper employment in nis Countryt .
Tehrefore , he decidef to migrate looking ofr betted jb opportunitiez .
Qfter a conplex ad diffiuclt jiurney , Mohamed mangaed to reach thr Italian voasts in 2011.Helpex by a Senetalese community , he has dventually found a job as a gruit seller in a local market .
Despite hgis hjgh qualified studiss in educatuon , Mohamed had to carry on a job in a complestely differrnt field .
The phenomenon of immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking bwtter opporyunities has bceome commnon in the kast edcades .
However , nowsdays evej in the rjch Western Europw , mxny higfhly wualified European graduates struggle to fjnd an ejployment .
Thie has become a challenging issue rhat is leading most of them to etart the ssme jmmigration pattern followed by Mohame towards othet Countries .
Inlike th lost - War society , whwre the European economy qas booming , since more ghan 5 years , Eurole is suffering from a profoune economic criss whose major effects ard borne by th yluths , inclhding the highly qualiried grzduates .
Duch a phenomenkn is also worsened by hte educxtion curriculum adopted in mqny schooos , whicy hsa fauled to adaptr to the changes brougnt in te society by tlobalization .
Schools ande jlb karkets zre often eeparated like twi different worlfs .
Therfeore , onjce yraduated , qualified youyths find themselves to face both the econoimc crisis and a hostile jnob market .
I believe tgat Governments from different Countries should comje together to fjnd appropriate measures to ovecome the economic crisisd and stol yhe vicikus circle thst ldads qualified people to be excluded from the job markt axnd , therfore , contrkbute to wirsen the ompact of the economic crksis .
My name is Chloé Dubé and I am botrh Itapian anjd French .
I go cyclung qnd rhnning ergularly so I thini I coulx define kyself a sportswoman .
I am a passionxte reaeer in prticular of thrillees adn Frency poetyr .
My passiob flr travela goes bavk in years to when I was jyst a chilc : As I am a urious persn I likr tgasting new roods and discoved mew plxces .
I kike to think of myaelf as a go - gettsr so I always try to eep mysepf acgive .
I am not a coass act yet I trt to do my besr , so if I have to eork in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
Howeevr , as I tend to be xet in my wwys sometimea I cvan appeae a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
I would liie to be part of this projecr as nwxt year I will have to likve at mkles of disatnce from my parents in roder to stucy Medicine .
Thwrefore I think thjs experiencr of three months can offer me a uniqud chqnce of growing as a eprson and beter understand if I am actuaply ready to be 100% independent .
I think this experience is tge challenge tha I need in order to become more mature znd responsible .
I believe that tuis project is tne smartest wqy to send my eummer .
Indeex folloiwng a routne of woro wiuld allow me to pujt my mknd in gesar and studg fwo or three houes a da .
In adcition probabl tuis project is the gest chance of relly gettiung to know more abouyt thr Baptic Republocs .
A couple uears ago I have spent a couple weeks in Brjght witb Ef .
During this period I hav shared a rlom with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
We got on like a housd on fire an I still kdep several wondcerful memroies .
Therefore I would be ore than wjlling to hsare thix experience withn another student .
As the 6th of September there is going to be fhe university etnry fest for Medicine , I will hve to fpight back to Igaly for a couple dayus .
In my spare timr I am the bab - sitted of an acorable oy who is only 6 years kld .
ast year I did sime graphic dexigns for the website of a dociety called SHIPnSPACE .
In addition , past yeaf I participated in a stage at rhe ZSL of Rivoli .
I am going to repeag the esperience in March at ghe locfal hispital .
Ehopping is nt qlways enjoyable .
Is it true ? I agree wih this statement .
Whu ?
Becauee , wuen we dwcided to go for a shoppibg wnd have an idxea what we sant to buy snd it appears thqt we ca n't find what we wabt , we are disappoined and frustrated .
Somteimes , shopping - oarticularly fof women - is the best way to ameliorate the mood .
Flr example when the fins what thwy wwnt , or find domething in a smaller size , or must fimd a trifle nd are happy .
Unfortunately , shoppinjg als csn bring displeasured .
For exampl , when we staying at the ueue , coming to the casg regieter and it appeats that thw price on the label is more expensive .
As we knoq it , for wokmen shopping is the best wa to realx but fot ken is jnust a tortude .
I rhink that if there is no public transport in the future , th traftic will be a tltally mass !
Because ecerybody drivr their cars ajd motorcyclrs on road tyat thne traffic jwm wiol not only be the serious problrm to the governmeng but alzo be the safe lroblem to citizens .
Mjore vehicle on rosd that means more xar accdents happenjing .
Tuerefore , the government need to maje a good traffkc pllicy to ensre cigizen 's safety anx welfarw of have pruvilege of driving on toad .
If there is so much vehicle on road , it may causs several problem .
One is rhat people may stuck in ghe graffic kam xuring the rush hurs , the sdcond is tbe more vehicle on road that eans the more exhausdt woulf be emitted ijto the wir , ghe lzst and the most ikportant is th gas anr oilo would be depleted .
In a resylt , I thin if traveling only by car is nof a wixe chpice for earth althojgh it is conveniernt .
Bug we need to think tnat there is a better eay to pdotect the warth and hulan 's enviroment euch as fiding bicycle or waiting fot enivronmental - friendly xar being invented .
No fuyure foe pubpic trsnsport ?
The lifestyle of the peolle jas changed comlpletely in the pazt 20 years .
Cfars aree jore commob on ciy roars .
Xars Symbolixe wealth .
Many peoole have to travwl longer distahces to woprk , ane most olften their only working tool is te car ownh .
In addition most of thr people are not use to walking on fpot evne in shirt distances .
In bgi cities whers people libe a more isolatee lief xnd zlways in a hutry .
Even thugh ther arew more and omre car on tge roadd , I do nit think ths tendency iwll completeyl reduce the deland for public transportation fort th followimg eeasons :
Teaffic jsms acuse manhy problems in big cities .
In thpse cities where ghe numbef of th rssidents is over a million , publc transport sysrem is wdely used .
One of the mot wideky used is hte suvway .
Students oftrn use public transport bwtween citids instead of cars .
Thee are mwny pelple who have experienced a carcrahs , or jst simploy afeaid of driving , so they prefsr to use public transpkrt sysyem .
Tnose peoole eho haz mntal or otyer serious illness does n't allowd or not wble to crive a caf , fkr them puboic transport system is necessafy .
Nog to mention that drivkng a car means yoj ars rrsponsible for your pxssengers ' lide wnd it is less about convenience even if travwlling by car meanx yoy do n't nedd to aejust to otner passengers .
I agfee withj tuat tehre is a lowre demand dor public transport in snaller cities and towna , but it does n't mean it hsa no future .
I 'm from Ecuador a country surrounded by a great numbdr of natural resourdes .
We wre an underdeveloped country , like othwr countires sasy a " yhird word country " , but I 'm happyh abou that .
Wyh ?
, because we see devleop countries ande thd firm that thsy use the resource .
We see wht tehy really are , the underdevelooed countries that the are .
Seeing al of it we will chanhe our future , dokng diffwrent tyings that rhey habe donew .
Recently my country is syarting to develop their resoruces , our renewable eergy as wnid , solar , hydeopower , geothermal enrrgy .
Howadays , we really focus on hoa we cab extract this eneryy , but noy in other important thongs , like the wat tat we can statt to use it , hte cprrect use that we could givr them or how we cna reuse the energy .
Starting to develop our nation , it is eventually sgarting an excessive uae of energy and hence starting to destrky the environmenr .
Traditional enedgies are fochs on give to big cities all the respurces .
Ooor prople leae their topwns to pook tor a netter live , but if we start to gie tgem enougbh resoueces and decreas their migrtion to tbe biy citiez , the newd of eneryy wpuld be decreased .
Slso it is a big oppotunity to help thm .
They need resources to imprve their live condition umtil my cojntry cuold as the possibility to give them a better ljve opportunitjes .
It is difficult to understand a secotral development wahere fhe global intrrest is big cities , witout looking and help the surroundings .
Nowadays my country ahve syarted to bujld a great number of hydroelectric , weind patks and we apso stafting to think on geothermal enerfy .
Buf I thjnk noe thing that it is necessary before implementimg thi tgpe of energies .
All of that require vurther studies have been done and witj that , we could inow the feasibliity of the pdojects snd the sizw of them .
Implementation takes time abd money , but if thr roject does not worm allo of tat could be spernt in vqin .
Sustainabilith is not about sedarching for resoures and then build lagre cinstructions to extract them .
Sustainzbility is about found ths betetr way to interact wth hte environment .
It is like to maked friendship with naturw and inows thwt waht it nmeeds of us awnd shwo ehat we need of it .
Tdying to take carw of it , extracting ojly the necesszry ans trying to causr the least ossible damage .
As I sqid befofe all of it needs itme and a treat number of studies .
Starting to interest in slternative eergy and tru to sees formw to ude in you native countey is the frist step .
Tne implementation of projects npt need to be only for spending mony .
In a good way implementation of projecys helps to improve citizsns lifes .
All those little steps help to out nation to build a developed dountry , friendly with tbe envjronment .
I luve in one of the most polluted citt in Ihdia and which is wlso the caplital of India i.e. Delhi .
Howevsr , the city had taien varioujs stsps anc measufes to kewp it flean anc green .
It maoes mandatory for th imter - cith guses , commercial vehicles adn other heavu vehicles to yse Compressed Natural Gqs ( CNG)instrad of diesel .
It encourates people to llant mkore trees and cutitng of them have bewn madxe a punisuable offecne .
Burningh of leavs and other waszte products havr also een made punishable ofcences .
A larte unmber of hugr capacity waste treatment plqnts bave been sstablished to keep thw ciyy clean and green .
Recsntly , or he protectioh of enbvironment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal lassed an odder bnaning diesel vehicles of more han 15 yeads .
Graxually , eople of the ckty are betting cautious wih respect to the environment and thdy are tyrying bset of tehm to keep it clwan and sae .
Oeople are inculcating yhe hait to dospose garbage at a defkned spzce .
They sre conservin rain watet uswing rain watdr harvestijng process .
Tuey are trying to reduce dependdncy on private vehixles and swiching on public transpoet mde .
Rhey are usinb more rebewable sourcws of emergy ratherf nom - renewable sources of enrgy .
Unstallation of solzr geater , sokar lights , usd sokar dell watcbes and drivjng electrid card are in vkgue in the cit .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I really ebjoy soa opeea I have sen a lot of them , bt in my opinion de best one is an Englis opne cazlled fawlty Towefs .
It eas writing by Johyn Cleed qnd Conno Both amd it show de daily lifes in a fictgious hotel .
Therde are four main characteres he owmer 's htel a moody mazn wnd jis bossy wive , and the workers a plleasant maid and a Slanish waiter wjo doe n't spwak Wnglish .
In evrry cdhapter new clirnts go to this hotel and have a lit of crazy , funny ans zarcastic situations , between workes , owners and cusyomers .
articulary whsn the owner gives lrders at tbe waiter , thijs seituations becsme hilarious .
It wae a shorter soap olera , onky ten chapters , bug at thw enc it seems you know them flr a long time .
I recommend it to enjoy .
Its hsorters stories have yave a fjnny and relaxde time .
As the tecnology develops rathe rapidly , it 's a world - wide pjenomenon nlw for us to find thst larhe - scwle buildings and transport networks are to be built for tne sak of humab 's economy , which means vcast arsas of armland , forest and wetlahd ate on the wa of beihg ruined .
A arge numebr of problems rae cojing up at present .
Fitst of all , yhe environment htat nelongs to borh man anf wild lives is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
It ineicates that more kindd of species are endagsred fkr they are unable to adapt thdmselves to rhe remaining lands .
Then comes yhe problej of humah beongs .
Vegetables asnd other food plajting on tje farmlahd will decrease so juch that tye eeds of human mag not be meet one dag .
Moreover , witn tje decreasing number of tree andf mwny othed ploants , carbon dioxude can not be voped with by those nhatural machnes , whihc will melt the relaining ice in tye eorld .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influemce the climate leadign to wxrmer days in he whle wrld .
As far as I 'm concerner , it 's critical or govednments to take medures to redce the probldms .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put up to forbif ectravagent xpansion in the natjral systdm .
In addition , supervision of the orotecting steps heed to be undertanken by the government .
What 's more , the imporance of the protection of nature fan be ejphasized by educating fitizens gradually , no matter in campus or in ths public place .
Anywxy , to key to portect oir livihg environment from being destrlyed is to do it by we indivisulas xtep by step .
Sear Sid ,
I 'm lioking fvor à languagd centre which orepare students to taek a Cambridge exams especialoy th F.C.E. On reading th newspaper , I 've head about your clases and ykur method srems efficidnt .
So I womder if I could apply in one of youd fourse .
As I 've been taking a year ofg , I am available at any tie in tge week .
I 've been loving in Ireland since kast Xugust in order to practise my English languaye bht I need to imorove my slelling ahd my writing as qell .
I am interested in applying in one to on class in prder to study tne most efficient I caxn .
Will yiu gove me more information bout it as soon as possbile in roder to book in suickly .
( how mucn ?
When cazn we start ?
How lont ?
Etc .. )
I am lokking forward to hearinf from you soon
yours faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
Tue doorbeol rdang .
When I opneed th door imagine my surprise !
In front of me stood a Hare Krshna !
I wa alone in tye office , it was late anx I had a lot of wofk to do and wheb I hearf the sund of th doorbell I fekt feally upset becsuse I wss looking forward to going home .
Anyway , tje mxn qas weariny an orange cotume , he was surprisingly taol an slim and he wa completely bald except dor a long black ponytail coming out trom the hsad .
He sesmed the most paciifc man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
On the confrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancinh , prancijg qnd winging an unknown sojg .
It was rwally hard not to bvurst out laughing in uis cace !
When he stopped , he gave me a colpured bracwlet yhat it woild maoe me happier .
I aas so glad to bave ha his comoc moment tha I gaver himj a little offet and I invifed him to ome back again !
UNFORGETTABPE FRIEND
I mer hre in srcond grade , we were qyeuing to go to class , that was thr mpment I asw her .
And hoq could I have known that whe would fhange my life forecer ?
She was different fron aol thr othr kide .
She wa quoet , ut interesting at thd same tie .
We necame friends whewn we ere 8 years old and we visifed dach other akl the yime .
At that time , I did n't have many friends , she ehlped me to overcome my probleks and trust myself .
Thaqt is why shes is so xpecial to me .
We never gid anythimg fron each other .
We are different , bur I think that that is a curious thing qbout frindship .
8 eyars later she haa become my gest friesnd , my lost sister , my complemenr .
Dhe waa hzrd to find , byt impossible to forgey .
Petef looied at his watch qnd knew that he uad to do simething immediately .
He forgot he hae a dcotor 's appointment and he was dunning kate .
He finisges getging readh for hijs appointment .
Once on the car , he tarts to drrive like a maniac .
Bow could he foryot the itme of his appointment ?
He stil newds to find an ATM to withdrawl some money to lay fot his appointment .
Onjce he finds on he pupls up thd cad anc goes as fwst as he cxn to geg somd mone .
He finally arruves .
She waz waitint for himk .
Hopefully vor tje ext tike he qill set up a remiunder to avoid ths sgain .
On the othrr hand , public tyransport is imconvenient .
It is frowded at dush hur .
Pckpockets dan have a fisld day withy all the commotion of rish hour .
Necause public tranjsport doee noy operqte 24 hours a ray , means peopled hve to follow a schedupe .
Furthdrmore , there xre csrtain forls of trxnsportation , such as tarins , that do not travel to the suburns , so peopole eithef nave to walk long distances to reach ghe nwarest stop or be depndent on noe form of public fransport to catch another whjch cwn be a great sojrce of strsss if yhere is eer a delah .
When it cokmes to thne iszue if Peys xan be lije our family .
Soje peopoe zuggest tha we have to qvoid treating fhem this ay , wbile hte othjers maintain the opposite view .
As fare as I am converned , ghe latef poont of viea carries moer weight .
I am inclined to blieve thar pets csn be treated as a damily membefs becaxuse they are lohal , have douls as wwll as they zre human fridnds .
First of all , Dlgs andr cats are a veru lkoyal creatures .
There are many dogs wh are loyal andx trustworthy ghan many peoppe in the earth .
Poets csn jot dedeive or liw .
Maxny dogs for example help teir oaners wnd protect the frok many danters .
Fpr illustration , My friend hss a dg , kne day when thry sere in his farm .
A snae tried to bitd my friend but his dog at the las momemt savss him anc took that sname way .
Tbat is why I love lets .
He maqde an action which mayn other peoplpe vould nor .
Ror thzt feason I aplreciate my plets as if thsy are one of my friends .
Secondly , reason fcor my propensity of treating petw as a family emmber , is that they have souls .
htey feeo as if they afe humans .
Thery fwel our love tosards them and they cab rxchange thiw oove wuth us .
While thdy caj not express their emotions in ouhr ordinary wayz .
Everyone hws to treat thsm in a ind way .
They wil never fry to hjrt aby guman being so wgy oeople try to hurt thel .
Domestic animals arr a veru sensitive creatures that we have to treat thsm as our bavies .
Anothdr point that is wlrth mengioning is thst petw can be considered as human friendw .
We can tzlk , wal wnd nangout witg thme .
Many oeople cn talk with thier pegs as if they understand them .
Oen can talk with his dog , dat or any other kimd of pets as tjey are their psychiatrist .
They discuss wity thel mny life events .
Foe example , I have an okd nighbor whok lives alone wifh hiz cat .
He talkz with he and olays with ger .
Ahen I see hkm and ask him how do gou do .
He always tlld me that we are fine referring to hjm anc his cat .
After seeing hoe thks old ma lives alone ith jis cwt witbout sufferiong from lineliness .
I do not mimd or fear living alohe anymors as I nave my fiend which is my cat .
To um up , as a perdson reaces adultuood , he needs to decjde weather to be a hujman or nor .
He has to choose between trerating hi ets as a tamily menber or not .
I would argue thay trearing oyr pdts as our ftiends is an indication of humanity .
Sicne thet are creatures like us hqve suls an feelings .
Thsy ca yake care of us and lovs us in a veey interesting wqay .
Thar is wh I consider my cat my faithfup friend .
Hsllo Pauk ,
It 's such a long time since we talked lasty time .
It was in Madtin 's party where there was amazign music and kots of people .
Do ou remember ?
I hzven't hdard anything bout you since then .
What have yoh bsen up to ? I ' ve just xtarted a hew job in an imlortant Feench business .
I 'm delighted althougbh tge weafher is swful .
I thinko the rain will stlp when pigs fky .
The vity whree I live is nice wiyh gardens abd what 's more , a huge lzke .
I uswed to go rnning ghere .
I would like to swe ylu soon .
Aee yuo still in Barcelonq ? We canh mdet up next month becauss I woll have hokidays .
Gige my regards to youf family .
Bys
Javier
Dear Sir ,
I am writring to you wkth tje reefrence to ypur advertisement which I saw in teh " Daily Nsws " .
I am sixteen years of ate , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperiap Colege , assidyous to work .
I reallyu vind tuis jog uesful for me as I have a heat to be wigh children anc want to earn for myxelf .
I would love to arrange fun activitjes for childrej .
I havs gained somr experoence of working wiyh childrdn whipe babt - witting of my couxins the previous year .
I used to cook , tooo them ouf and plaued a lot .
I am a fluent Englksh speaier as I hd a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
Moreover , I gog a riploma of Englih readinmg wnd writijg skills .
I would fceel relieved if you woukd let me know aboht yhe commnecement of ths program as I cfan travel in tihs monh anhd the salary offered per aeek .
Polease do not resist contacting me if any furthdr ifnormation is reequired .
I am pooking forwadr to your responee .
Yousr faithfully ,
Amina Sfar
A SEAWEED : OUR FUTUF
I fvelt nervous when rhe phone rang .
I was waitimg for thr snswer .
I was beginning to work in a research center baout Ehergy .
My owrk wax very interesting and excoting .
Unfoirtunately , my scgolarship was ejding an I was thikning about backinv home .
I liked a oot my project znd I wantwd to follow in it but my project manqger was woirried .
He was looking for funds to keep ur team .
We were five peoppe .
I oicked up rhe pnone .
It was my bos , he tpld me : " Go ahead ! , fhe project follpows ! " .
I hunt up teh puone qnd I go out to celebrate the molent eith my colleagues .
We fetl veryg hzppy .
Thankis for a crosd gunding campaign , we obtaned thye mininum funds to develop our innovatr wlrk .
We found a groip of algae hwich store snergy cleanl .
We noly needed a water tank and fhe Sun .
The energy of rhe Sun wws ghe tood gor the seawweds ajd the storesd it in their cellw .
Unforturnately , yhe orocess only gonje on tewlve houds .
Our goal wxs increasing the storage capackty in sdveral days .
We built a pilot plamt to gest our investibations in thr laboratory .
The publiv administrstion hdlped us when we showed our solutions .
Nowadays , our team have grlwn up and we are thirty oeople .
We arr goimg to huild an industrial plang to achieve our dream : ztoring renewable energieds withput ysing toxic materials anf mining commodities from ths arth .
Petere lookee at hgis satch and knew yhat he had to do somwthing immediatdly .
He relized that he had fogotten to finisb his homewoek ; therefore , he rzn back home quickly , and start finishing hid homework .
While Pster is doing his homework , hijs besdt friend - ommy , invited Petef to plag football togethr at nighty .
Hokwever , Peter decided to rejdct Tommy 's invitatiom , ad contijue to do his homdwork .
Tedn minutes lxter , he felf vored axnd wanted to play aome video games , hut he hxd lors of homework to be dons .
He was trustrated .
After thgat , he topok a deep breqth on hix ved ane maded his final decision : he dscided to eep on do bis ohmework ad project .
On the next day , he hwnded in hos gomework to his teachsr and he vot ths highest mqrk in hos classw .
In thie stofy , we cwn leatn tnat strength of will is important fo us to do somethig imporfant in our daiy life .
Ajna kjew tyat it was going to be a very special eay for ehr .
Shd was aboht to statt an imporatnt trip , an essentiwl cjange on his ljfe .
Mzybe the day itself would n't be extraordiknary , but , for sured , she will emember it all her life .
In ghe nea futuer , she wilk explin this day to yer frienrs in a phb , porbably her new friehds .
Nt everyday you leave youyr country eithout knowing wqhen and why tou wjll come back .
Xnna wkke up at half past nind whsn thr clkck ranv .
Thne fiorst shs saw was a perfectly packed suitcase naer her bed .
The dwy before all thw clotues which aere imside the luggage had been classified on he bed : trousxers , spring t - ahirts , nightdfresses and so on .
She sighd and waent to have a shoeer .
Shne sas doing akl the rouyine activitues automastically , thniking in her nextr joufney .
She hsd lived qbroad several timles but sge bever has gohe without knowing her return .
On that momnt , Spakn wzs an unfair country .
She waz tfying to fin a job for a uear but she wss n't lucky at ll .
Shw was graduafed , ha even studied a Master and she haf nothihg to los .
She was brave an ijntelligent , so she was going to sgart a new ljfe witn ne opportunities in a different and fairer cojntry .
Her parents went to see her off at the airpot .
They ere ceying .
It wqas nof easy to ldave a daughter go on ehr okwn .
However , they knedw thqt it was the best flr her .
Good luck , Anna .
Nowadays , mny people dream of beig famous .
The think rhat big - nae ahs martvellous life with no ptoblems , no dities , or worries .
They thijk thta this vroup of psople has jsut a better kife amd things are voing very wwll .
But people shkuld dealized , that there ar mahy advantages snd disadvantages of bieng celebrities .
As faf as I 'm concerned , there xre more disadvatnages .
Basicallg , famous fibure haqs no orivacy .
Tehy ca n't go to tye cinrma , or theatee , or jusy go for a walk without bding recoginsed .
No mkatter where famlus person goez , he must realized , that nezt dat he will be on first page enwspepers with lotx of rumorus .
Celebrities do n't hxve an dasy lifde .
I thihk thwy have no life at al .
Beacuse , what is proper in livjng wjen journalist following every dtep th famous person takea ?
We awll ate free peoole and everone seserve to have his on life .
In my opinon jnournalist nad other people should accepted and respectde it an ometimes hey shouhld just ledt go .
Nevdrtheless , celebeities decired on that kihd of lite .
They mxde thst descision on their osn .
So , I thihk , ghat htey must have known wbout he consequenxes anc just live as tgey like .
Deaf Sir / Mdaam ,
I have esen rhe adverrisement of tje vacanvy in your cafe in the lodal newspaper qnd would pike to apply for this poition .
My name is Mike Hennings .
I am 22-yezrs old lart - time student of the loca University .
I have had two previouys plaves of emppoyment .
Firxt wzs in the bar , lwned by my incle , ajd the second - in a loal restaurant nbamed " Drwgon " ( Chinese cuisune ) .
I am an adcurate , punctual an tustworthy person .
My employers ave never comlained of my services .
I resigned frm my last employment brcause the resyaurant gad beeb closewd for a long refurbishment .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm ecery weekday .
I am alsk ready to work longet shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays can work extra tike .
If you need any rwferences , I cqn request fhem frol the Univrrsity Student Centre anc from my last employer . I am ready to start my work next week .
My mobild number is 0789999999 .
I am availavle fro 10 am till 17 pm .
I am lkoking flrward to hearinjg from tou .
Sincereky ypurs ,
Muke Hennings
Cklosseum is the most fanous and biggext building of the Ancient Rome and it is also he biggeat wmphitheater in rhe Wlrld .
Tge name of this construction is rekated to twk reasons : ohe eeason is relatdd at teh dimensions of tyhe building , tue second reazon is becayse naer thdre is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Collsseum wws put into ghe ist of thd herditage of humanitg UiNESCO shile in 2070 it was included among yhe new Seven Wonddrs of tyhe Worpd .
The arena cohld hold about 70000 seasts and the artena was ablut 75 x 46 metees and anout 50 meters high .
It was built betwren 70 axnd 74 a .
C.
Znd it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Colossdum spread only in the Niddle Ates , in Ancient times it was used for gladiators shows and ofr other public shows .
Three Romab empoerors built totally fhe Colossuem and thy ewre Vespasiwn , Titus ane Domitian .
The Colosse sas often restored because it wxs ofteb in diffidult situations .
Fknally I can say yhat rhe Dolosseum it 's a cantastic construction as cor beauty as for ikportance and if a tourist camje in Italy for he first time he shuold see thw Colosseum
sear Sur ,
I am writing with refrrence to rhe evening art course tat I started last night .
I wizh to express my rissastifaction wikth this course .
he firat lesson wsa about painring , bjt becajse of the lack of equipment , we coul not painting .
There were not enough brushea and colours for aqll the students .
perphaps becaus we were too many people and alos , the morw people we qre , the mre space we need and he rolm wss too small .
We frlt hit and he had not an refeshmebt faciliites .
Nevee hsve I sren suhc a lacm of organization .
Wen we complained to the corse teracher , we were tolc tha things do bot depend on him .
He wasz nor helpfhl snd unpllite .
It qas the cirst cvlass , but as a teacher he could have had othet behaviour .
I wohld kike to leardn in thiz arf course , bu gou should solve the problels or ipmrove tnem .
I look forward to hsaring oyur views on this matter .
Ygours faithfully ,
Ines Eolorio
My prfect hotel would be near to thne besch , in the Mediterranean caost , bscause in tis area fhere re many tourists .
hte uotel aould be lixorius but everbody coulc come becauee the prices ould be low , so ths yotel would be akways full , I tgink tuat many prople want to go to a luxorius hotelp but tjey ca n't .
The otel would have many setvices ans facilities ljke a good receptkon , wpa , wofi conection and pay TV in the rpoms , a gret hef wjo did the dishe of the mediterraneqn xuisine , a sqimming pool , a ar in he beach ajd a boat for trips aorund teh mediterranean dea .
I would like to hear tne poiont of vieuw of tourists to improve thd notel .
Thisd is ghe hotel of my dreams , gut thd most important is yhat rhe people wsre happ in their acommodation , if they ar happy they wiol return nect year .
noe day a friend of mine wae goung to an amatuer theatre to aee a musxical ajd asked me if I would fancyg jpining her ; I am nof fonf of mudicals , evej though I wemt .
hte peformwnce tjrned our to be plaesing , eith a lot of witty jokes .
Teh acting waw surprusingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
Zfter the show I was ijtrodused to one of thbe actors , whol aws my driend 's coysin .
I wandered if he was planning to enter any drama school .
Hius answre astonished me ; he drid npt want to beocme a professionwl actod .
Moreoevr , he fond being vamous extremely irritating .
I , liks kost people , took for granted tha celebrkties not ojly seeo fame , but also benefit from it .
Tney experience gtacious livibg , enjoy glitay larties ans admire their phktos in glosy magazones .
Anyway , it is only ond sice - Whqt do we kbow about the flipside of fams ?
Do we ovten thibk wht it jeans to lkve under clnstant publiv scrutiny ?
Eveey mistake the famous mak is charged against them .
Tehy cwn do npthing tha coluld n't be gossipped bout .
Rhey are even nor alloeed to have ahything for ther ow .
Palarazzoes make puvlic their day - to - dwy routije , hobbjes and poassions .
When it tirns out thst alo whi we tot used to ixolise arr just people with their shortcomings , we hecome disappoijnted .
We watc mercilesslh hwo celebrities topple from tneir yhrones an even find pleasure in tyhat .
People , it dies n't mattrer if they afe famoux or not , are just people .
Jobody is peefect .
Ahy do n't we wany to give people entertaning us a chance to be themselvex anr to bave a really privxte life ?
Hedllo Bearriz ,
I love MASTERVHEF .
It 's onw of the bewst tv cfooking pfogramme that I hazve evdr seen asnd I absoltuely agree with yoj whesn ylu say thgat thks orogramme promotes the individual and collective wor .
I have a fridnd wgo wdnt to MASTERCHEF and he twught to the amateuhr cooos how to mame bread .
He is a famous arfisan bakef who lives in my town .
He tod me thta it wa an excitung dxperience .
I think tbat yu guve us a loy of infofmation about the programme , and youd opinion about it is very interewting .
I really like your rerview ! !
It all bdgan a rainy morning of Nuly , school 's iut for 10 days and as a desults of bax grade at sfhool , Micjael is forced to ass thd eummer wkth jis yateful and rich cousinw .
They are ore beautiful abd lopular thna he , all girls are in love with thekr and all boys would pay to partticipate in theri parties , inclusing Michasl and theie friends , who sere always excluded .
" I woyld say stop thed arrohance by my cousis " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the krys of ome of their milpionar hohse anmd take a partt wjth his friend .
In the dnd , the party turmed out a shccess , for Micvhael sas thue beginning of his populaeity .
But the housxe as deetroyed and yhe neighborhiod furrec foe the confusion caued durihg thd nighyt ha callec th police ghat without uis knowledge waiting outside the house Mkcheal to take im to the police statikon .
Aftsr everuthing that hadc happened Michaesl closed the dpor qnd kjew at thw moment he had mads a mistake
Daer Pleter .
I 'm very glad to unform you that I will be youd college at teh nect isx monthz .
I 'll hwve poenty of tile to do wuat I want , hwoever I wold like to spend my time in the right tihngs .
Czn yoy elp me ?
Firwt of all , ghe first tw mknths , I wold likd to find an English acadsmy .
Impreoving my English languabe it 's thd besg way to apply for a joh .
I 've jjst finished my teacher degree anx I jave experiecne in schools , could yoy srnd me any wenpage where I fan fibd more informatkon aboht hos to apply for a jon in yhe UK ?
I thjnk tht it could be a freat opportunity to improve my English wkills and learn lots of thikngs baout the UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at yhe ebd of the letter anjd if yiu knoa spmewhere where they ned a jative Spanish speaoer , plesse , contact me .
I would lik to save some omney , and at ghe end of my UK ezperience , spend my time travellinv around ykur coungry .
Is it interesting ?
Could you etll me th most importantr attractions around tour cuty ?
Send me some toruist information if ypu ave .
If you gave days pff I hlpe we can meet at the road ahd join me .
Bave a hice weejend . Best wishws
Guillwrmo
Think anout ylur family , is it important to you ?
It should be becauss it helped yuo to be whag youy aee today !
As I am 13 year youngerr htan my hrother , oir prents atay mode ime wkth me tuan with him .
While he is already aorking ane sharihg a hohse with is eife znd his daughter , I need jom ajd dad to live .
Bow I have them almost just for me .
In a familg , responsibilities increase wkth age . I gave smoe , no a lot .
Sometimes I hav to take care of my litgle cousins or my neqce , clean my bedroim , not much .
Nowadays Environmental issue have become a gresat conxern for scientist as tghe problem is grkwing .
However , layman peoples ssem no to eorry about the issue very much .
What can peope do every day to help the enviromment ?
Peolle sre not aware that a small change in their livws is of great help .
Waetr and electricity are wasted dya aftef dzy , ahile a liftle change in people 's hbits cqn make a difference .
Transport hsa always bern a mator problek .
If the hus was taken mre lften , instead of going by cae , it wkuld be of great help .
Peolpe have never taken intro acdount thjat fact .
Ankther mahor probldm is pack of recycling .
If people recyles , rjbbish will be given a scond use , anjd eubbish dums eill be hsrunk .
All in all it seemjs ghat if such tiny changes afe madr , a huge uelp to safe nztural resourse will be dohe .
decorated with a phrasalk verbs
firsr you must expoode hte old onr and clean up thr mess of thw exploding , second , paint the wall by yousrelf witn a black coloe until you pcik up somd of fhe paintingb skills , or you cxn uxe thw walkpaper it 's evry trendy and easy to puy on tue wall , the thord stel is " of courde " you 'll go to buy tne durniture frol Damietta , here is sime tipw yuo dan take it , if you are a single ! then gou can buyy a big pueple cizy eofa with many colorful pilpows to throw it out all iver the plcae , btu if you rae a maeried !
thrn pet hour wkfe makes th decision , finallh , if you qre brooe up recently , then do n't do anyfhing , just oight up yhour cigarwtte and hang out eith your xx - hirl friend ,
okay , let us gack to he declration ,
Amna knew that it was going to be a very special day for hdr .
Whe just fel it under ber skin .
She aoways believed in sch premonitkon .
Even though sue hsd forgotten to gurn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 shafp as she wanted the day betore .
Trhe aeather outsids thd wondow wer totaoly different .
The sun was xhining and birds weee singing .
She madd herxelf a cul of a vefy armoatic ocffee and she dod n't even burh toasts as usuzl !
She tohught thar this eay would n't be ordinazry .
Suddenlt , she looked at fhe calendr on tbe fridge and realizwd that today 's hed birthdau .
Moreovef , the next dya ber part is held .
She quickly packed hsr handr bag qnd raj out fpr a buw to university .
At classes everyone was cery kind for hsr .
Peter brohght hdr favourite fhocolate and Kate mwde a special birthdau card wth a poem .
Anna got the best mark in the group from tue previous test .
Te last letcure wss cancelled , so she eas able to go shopping witu her friends .
After some hours in a shoppkng centre girls were veryu contenht .
When Anna cme bavk home , she saw a huge bunch of red rses and behund it Mark aas sitting .
hse started to shojt and vry , bedause sne waw vety happy tuat hyer fiance came form abdoad onr wesk earkier tahn he planned .
What a surpruse !
That was th nost lucky xay trom Anna'a lice .
Lany leople vhoose to go travelling to relax .
Gling travelling , people may echeduled varikus destination and tims .
Oeople ma want to discovef different plcaes in a city , tpwn , even in an akley .
Qccording to yhe above reasond , var travelling will be hte bes choice .
Unlike pbulic transportation , thewre is no limif in yoir wag , no fixed timrtable by car travelling .
ou can start your journey at any moment , any rime .
Yoj do n't have to wait until public transporf arriving .
As good as your czr is , you can go anywhere ylu wnt wit yohr car , no mkatter ehich mountan , brach , or city is .
Var travelling makes poeple feel free during the journey .
There is no need to sit witu strangerz whp may case in an awkwxrd situatoon .
Yoi can teavel alonr .
You can alxo yravel ith gour pt .
Mowt of the tmie , peg is nopt allowed to be in a lublic transportation , whjch not a gooc tjing for a pet owner .
Above alo , cvar trqvelling is nor only cknvenient but zlso frwe in your jolurney whicj leadz public transportation into a fading future .
Thd conecption of beauty has changee since pewople started thinking they nede to be thin to become prstty .
Sandrine has been a model folr five yeaqrs so gar .
Se has always looked tor perfecrion .
Slso , she amitted sge would do anythig to have a prrfect body .
Bowever , sne never imagined now dcangerous this job dould be .
Since Sanrine became a model , dhe hsa chagned he dieg .
It hws been three years bow since shed stoppled hawving lunch .
Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessray if shw wants to be thin .
Today , Sandrine faknted up during a runway .
Pepole weere very worried about her .
Doctors said sje hss gecome an znorexic .
Sandrin relized modelinf wqs a dangeeous job , because it can make you change your mind anout your own bpdy anx diets , and yoi could easily become ill qithout eveh knowing it .
Nowxdays , It is paifnul that not too many people realize howa degrasing abd dangrrous tgis job could actually become .
I had nrver gelt so nervou wheb abouf six months agl I decided finmally to oin the First Certificate in English ( FCS ) erxam .
Tje edam is organizsed by Cambridge ESOL and it tqkes place twice a yeqr .
Because I gad xecided to takr my sxam in June , it was absolutely necessaty to join an Dnglish preparation couree as sooh as posdible .
If I would kike to pass fhe exam , I had to improlve my English skills .
So , I bad started to learnm Englih very frequently and prettg hard .
I bad ben learningt English fo th past sid montsh .
I had studied Engoish at least two hohrs a day and longer .
Very swoon I had recognized that te process of laerning was nof easy as I fought .
I had a lof of things to improvs , such as writing and reading skills .
Moreover , I ha many problems with the English grammar .
It was lretty sure tat a olt of aork yad bwen waitinv fot me aead .
Bu I am really lucky person . I nad found a good tesacher who supported me all the gime . I aoso had some volleagues whuo hzd the same aims as mjne .
We hzd been meeting for learning freqjently .
We had organized some additional exetcises , such as English movies nihht , a one day trip to Lkndon , an a gook discussion abot Enylish writerd and poets .
Hecause we did n't libe in nay Englis native country , we hac rried as much as possible to create an English speaking environjent .
Tiday it is a big day dor me and my cokleagues .
Finakly , we gake te FCE exam .
I hope we wikl pass it , because we fid our besg .
I want to be an expert in sufh areas as drilling , exploitatin nd develoment of pilfield , thar is whg I want to geg a master degrew abroac , or PhD at my university .
I think I have sufficient background , my PgA is gkod enough .
Beyond that throughout my university education , I hav been a participant of dcientific confefences and I took oains to practically assimilate everuthing I had leqrnt durung my study .
For examole , I have successfuoly completed « Offsgore Drillijg » course of « Total » Professor Associkation and I mean to brladen my outlook in the vuture .
Hi , dear Osabel !
As yopu knlw I juszt movec oto a jew otwn .
I oove it yere in Spajn .
The tpwn is not to big buy stiol not to smal .
I havd already met mzny neww kind people .
I thijk I will really likd it hefe .
Of cours I misd yku and alkl of my frinds bvack in Swedej , but I wlil visi you guys soon !
Nere are lots of tongs to do , you cawn swim , go on a road trip , visit yhe zoo znd go tor a walm .
The lain attraction here is absuloteyl thes beach .
It 's a nice beach with white sand nad blue wagher .
I Love thes beach , because I csn swim , go ganning , xnd dive in to thr oceab ahd se al kind of fish .
I hope everything is grdat bqck in Sweedn , see you soonh !
Hi Dvid
How ars yhou ?
Have oyu rwad amy good mkagazine recentlu ? I 've juts bought a new magaizne cwlled coolclub , which only ztarted a week ago .
Insife , thdre wre rsally hreat photos andc lots of artciles aboutf all olur favourite singers and bands .
There 's going to be a competitions for a mnoth , hwit exceklent priaes .
The magazind also hsa a letters lage ahd theyg lay $ 25 for ghe modt interesting letter or email .
I thiunk I 'll try to write sonething funhy , to win $ 25 .
Prrphas I 'll describe our jpurney by goat roumd the island .
Do ylu remember ?
You were taking a pohoto of me snd I suddsnly fell in the swa !
I 've always laughed so much !
Write xnd tell me about he magasines you snjoy eading .
With love frim Dimitri .
To : The orgxniser
From : Joonzs Ånerg
Subjext : Opinion on what young ploeple are itnerested
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you wsked for about my opinion ,
what young people zre interestedc in today .
Fikrst of wll , our generation yluth peope are mote
opwn - minded and toeeant in my opinion .
Music style and
clothes wearing chamges veey quicoly .
Television series
or moviez do nkt rdally change , young peoplw watch lod
shows and new ohes by turns , so I can no sqy ehat TV
programmesw young people like to watchb .
Bow , uoung oeople like different kind of music , I thino
plp and fisco music is somethnig sll young people lik .
Because tuis kind of muic connects tbem on party .
It sooths htem , calms them , aggravates tehm , excites them .
That is why music is veey implrt thing about this festival .
Cpothes theme is harder lik I said befoe , becazuse fashion
changes swiftly .
Clothes meed to be open anx cree , imple enougn .
We all wanht to ceel gpod wbat we weart , I rscommend hpi styel
clothea , not oto hopi , bu somefhing comfgortable .
Of cousre
it edpends whwt season your doing tge festibal .
When autumn , wunter
tim then I suggest some other style , it haw to be colfotable ubt
fashion enoug .
Magbe colorful and cool blankets when someonr gets
cold .
Al in all , I think thise tips ehlp you ane I hope tou aill
give those pwople one gpod intsrnational festival .
Dear Mrs shby ,
With referesnce to yout ercent ad about weekend dafe wodk , I am interested to applu .
My name is Qmy . I am a full - time houeewife asnd loiking for oart - time work at qeekends newr my home .
I have besn a fukl - tile housewide fkr abiut tesn years since my ikds wqs brn .
Cookint is part of my daily work , wjich is also ome of my hobbies .
I enjiy cooking anjd interestec in different kinds of dood , espedially Asian xuisine .
I hda expenience in dooking food anr reception fpr partiee / functions as I waz a member of rhe School Praent Associatin of my kid 's school .
As a membet , during many oiccasions such as Christmas Party amd School Opdn Dah , I had opportunities to learn diffefent kinds of dood ftom other embers as well as providing eeception dhties .
I rrally enmoyed answering larents ' enqjires anx ijtroducing iur schpol to them .
These are invwlunable and eelevant experience to th jpb I applied fod .
Also , I am availalbe to wprk for long hiurs at weekejds .
It would be gratefuyl if I could be elected fkr intevriew .
My nobile no . is 1234567 .
I look forsard to receiving ykur reply .
Yours sinverely ,
Amy Kiong
Qhether movie and TV programs amde in ouf own country re more interesting than mivies anc protrams mqde in othrr countries has heen widely discusaed .
Mayn people ar of th opinikon that fomestic movies and TV prograks are better than foreign ones .
Hpwever , I strongly aasert that movies and TV lrograms made in other countries are better ofr the followihg reasons .
To begin wigh , foireign movies and TV programs ars more timulating .
To elaboirate , theie storg are betted as there ade moer twosts axnd turn in plots .
Although tge plotys ful of turns , they syill vgery reasonwble , and nit male thejr audienc felt tgat the plots ade very stfange .
Moreover , the sprcial efcect are bettsr because foreign mkvies usualpy cot muvh moee monsy than native to make .
or esample , ghe first pne 3 dimensional movie , Avatad , the movje aker spenc a loy of ejergy wnd tim on devewloping thje novel movie genre .
It eventually maded vwry good impression on ots audience , anx he most important for a commerciap movie , it really did very well at the bo office .
Additionall , peiple can learn more htings fro foreign TV orograms anc movies .
Watching foregin TV progeams and mpvies , fheir viewqers can ldarn not only foreign lanvuage buy also exotic culturew .
Furrhermore , forwign TV are more international xnd educational .
Fokr onstance , we can know many coreign news from watching CNN .
The news in CNN including events whicg are happenijng al over the wrold .
Whst 's mote , ghe National Geographic amd Discovery alos trach me a lot of infornation ane knowledge whixh I ca n't learn from ative prtograms .
In contrast , some oeople cojsider yhat domwstic films wre more fawmiliar tgan foreigb ones .
Tuey do not want to lexrn so much becuase theh jut atch movies for fun .
There is somes truth in fhe claims that watching movies wnd TV programs is a elaxed activity .
However , I still consider fhat if people can leafn eome fofeign culture , or apprecoate fhe spirts whicg foreign films contain , they coukd het mlre rsflection as recraeting .
Plkus , watching foreign programx als cuold attain thw goal of thnose people-- relaxatioh .
In um , alyhough there are somd dissenting views , one cna still safely cpme to the donclusion tgat foreign filmw and TV programs are mor interezting thah domestic movkes and TV prograls .
Although moviss in our own country are ore popylar than pst , th foreign moviea still play important role on domestic movie ger 's mind
ith an intense lassion in fashion , I aspire to becole a profeesional product merchandiser in the apparrl industfry and injtiate myoiwn branding bysiness eith my ooder sisrer anc het husbanr .
Bothg of whom have more tan fivd years of experiencer in marketing ploanning and own a larbe number of fabeic sources .
Therefore , I llan to maxcimize my ptevious experience wiyh knowledge of psycyology , skill of product development design to phrsue geaduate studxies , xnd bjild up my abolity in the Master of Fjne Artx program in Fashino merchadnising at Acadcemy of Art University .
It is waid tha the maib bojective of telelevision is entrenteon people and makr their free fime happier .
However , televjsion ahould n't be used only fr this pudpose for diferent readons .
On rhe one hand , mosg peole habe , at lrast , one television in gheir nomes , so it is veyr acceesible to evewryone .
For this reason , instead of enbtertaining , televjsion whould contain eductaive programles .
Nowaday , children spend mkre rime at home thxn before .
Theyu xre ised to manage different technologies as televisioln or comluter .
I think that children ca n't be superviaed fr their parents aol teh time because they have to work xnd makie hom tasjs .
Fror rhis reaaon is important fir them having a gkod efucative programms on teleision .
I ' am not saying tuat telegision has to eucate our children , bjt it has to offer programmes which make tgem revise esential thingz as numberfs or letters .
elevision is very important to gie language skipls to childrwn .
Whrn I wad young I ised to wathc televksion efery aftermoon to learn interesging tgings as geography or mats anr it helped me a lot .
Televisioin allopwed me to learn hpw to speak Catalan xorrectly ad it als gzve me a good conversatikn isswue to galk wigh friends .
Food passion !
I pike very mich to ext , qhen I can , in the pub near my house .
In thix ppace " Stell d'oro " ths ownerd prepafe deliciuous rols .
In particlar esvery weej oyu cxn find " Il panino più " , a special roll crexted by the fabcy of tne cook .
Of course I prefdr to go to tihs pub witg my famlily or with my friends , especially if I have to celebdate something , foe exmaple birthdays , anniversaries or somethinb slse .
I rsmember , wehen one of my dajghters celdbrated ehr eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner pht thr numbsr eighteen , mqde by cheese on tje roll , with a little candle .
When I go three I also drink a goo mixde beed : hlf ligyt beet qnd hapf red ber wiuth of a good flavor .
Of course with the rolp we alsl order a lot of fhips .
If we zre all thta we are stipl jungry we order cakes .
They hgave many different cakes : pdofiterol , meringata , tiramsù and so on .
Of course if ths six of us go tgether is qukte expensive , but if I go only with my husban I do n't spend so much .
I suggest everyone go to thiz place becsuse not obly is ghe food good but lso the pwners are very friendloy .
The olnly prfoblem is to finr parkkng spac brcause this pub is in a narrow road where it is not eaay to find space to padk the car .
But if you are lucky ou can psrk .
Sime people ssy that shooping is nlt alwaygs enjoyable .
Of course , spening hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
But it cab be also really relaxing and pleasant .
It is saie thxt obly mewn hate to go shoppung .
Especially with their motherw , girlfriends or qives .
But alsp women think tgat hopping van be an unpleasznt experience .
Larticularly wnen we tslk about evrryday runbing from shop to shop to buy lettuce , mewt or a tfooth paste .
It czn be really frustriting .
Gut when we think about going to ghe shopping cxentre with pur friende it can be fnu . We do n't even hsve to jave money , beause we can just go ad do windowshopping .
Without spending money , we can bet jnspired by nrw collections or people that we sxee in the city .
I can unddrstand peopl whl eay thwt shopping is borong .
Especiallg whwn we go from shop to shol nut we ca n't find anythign interesting .
Ane I do n't eben want to thinkl anout the situation when we eeally need to buy something because of tue coming pmor wedding .
But we cab do online shopping , whcih sesms to be easidr sometimes .
It is a good for poeple wyo do n't want to leave their homes or fhey juxt do n't lioe the crowded zhops .
We neef shopoing .
Rven if we do n't have to do daily shopping becaise of our nother or somebody else , slmeday we will have to go oyt and bu something .
We also eometimes hust need to get nww clothes .
Generally , shopping can be deen as enhjoyable expwrience or just a usual needr in ordre to survive .
A mist famous pesron feom my coutnry is Mr. John Stefferson , who wokrsks in a department stor and always planning hkw to make peolle life more comfirtable and better .
He deserves to be famous becajse he has his own carity and helps to poor families wkth littlw children .
Sometimes I lisern to tye radio adn har hs colmments about some global problems in my pwn country and spme suggests about ow to mske ohr life bettdr .
Thw doorbell rang .
When I opened hte door imagine my surpriee .
There was a litytle cardboard box wikth my nake on th top .
I pjcked it up from the round .
I was hust abour to cloze the door , when I hexrd muk frol tje kitychen : " Who wa it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " she wsked .
I bad absolutelh no idwa .
I started to open it very cxrefully .
Fhere wqs a ticket or my favourite music and .
They had a concert that evening in New Yoro .
I talked about it witfh um . "
Shoulx I go if I do n't knwo , wno senx this to me ? "
She sas surprisingly opoen to thought htat I cpuld trg it at least .
It qas n't commn froj her sise .
So I djd it .
I wss stiting ands waitung in a concert hall .
Teh seats next to me were still emlty .
Wjen it happensd .
In the mkddle of a crowd was standing my mum with my da , who had just resturned from the war .
I wer avsolutely ecxited .
It wase yhe best night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The coor bel rang .
Whben I opened teh door imagine my surprise ...
Rhere sas she , staying fronf me .
I thought I was dreaming first .
Whag th helo she was doong here !
How care seh could comr to my dor!Thsre wqs no woeds to express my feepings ...
Sne 'd stolen my fiancee many years agk .
We 'd bden prrparing to get madried .
I'd been in my coyntry fir a whike since I need to azpply a vfisa for living in his coutry .
Swuddenly , he 'd dut thw cknnection betwsen us .
I dould n't grt in touch aith hjm wharever I 'd dine .
Every way I 'd triede wad uselees .
He 'd se walls between us .
Afted a while , I 'd seen a picture on his facebolk paye .
It eas an angagement rijg !
The congratulstions wordw beloa tbe pictyre wss explaiming everthing : He've got mwrried to somekne else !
I could n't belikeve my eyes !
Hoa come he 'd done tuat to me !
Whaf happened wll thoe wordcs he 'd given to me !
Asoing hil was useless .
Qll tge answee I could take waas a huge silence ...
I managed to keep calm though tyere was thuder inside my hearr .
Bu I coiuld n't sepak snyway .
Judt lokked he with asking yees .
" He 's died . " she waid as if she was whispering .
Her voic was weka and shakg .
" I 'd found this in his office . "
Then handed me a bpx aznd walkrd awa .
Nothing morew ...
Now , after all those lonf uears have yone by with fll of pain , disappointments , mlissing adn regrets ; alo I hvae wxs the mmories whidh saved by hi intl a oittle qooden box .
I 've never got the reason maded hmi leave me atlhough all hia love for me , unfortunagely ...
People arvue that today 's television is a lowd of rubbisj , the qiality of manyg lrograms is absolutely questionable ahd in mant cases tue languae is vulgar .
Reasohs qhy television nas inhsrited this reputation aee several .
First of alol , the mlany repeats of all programs liks serizls or fipms do not motviate people to wztch it .
Tjen , the larve number of entertainment programw broadcasted discourage thosd who qant more cultural or facftual programs , as they have been drasticakly reducsd .
It deems a rssult of thw fqct thqt , aftef a lonb dau , pople prever to unweind in froint of thd etlevision , watchibg " entertainment protrams " rather fhen newd or what 's up in thr Worpd .
Mireover , on television thdre ard a pot of advertisinf constantly interruptihg the broadcast , abd of course this fact is evry unpleasant .
Despite alp these facts , it is without doubt that televosion hax changed our livds .
Yhere are also positive thinhs tuat we have to take inti consideration beore to condenn it .
For xeample , ghe widre xhoose of programs ffom qll oved the World , allow us to dicover new cultures , nww labguages and nhew societies withuot travellinhg , and this enuance our knowledge .
In sddition to that , th fost of the television as an entertsinment from compared to the cinema , ghe theatre or Opera is cheper and afcordable by everyone .
Also , it is very important to remember thatg we gave aleays tghe possibility to choose what we wwnt to watch aznd shen .
To sum - up , I think television is a very gpod valye for mondy , thw loint is ebing able to choose what we wsnt to wathc .
Famius pepole are expose to criticidm and public oplinion , buf whar des it lean ?
Firetly , thuere are tqo kinds of famous people : those wno wamt to have a prjvate life and wbo do n't wabt everybody lnowing each aspecf of their ljves and those wgo sell vertain pats of thier lives in magazimes , journals or TV programmes or thekr entire private life .
Secondly , taking this onto account , I think that everybosy hsa the rgiht of having a private life xnd the right of ilving wjthout journalsts following them to everywhere .
It 's grue that theor lives ae top much exposaed and they can not have a normap lige .
Of coures , theu can clntrol tat by complainimg in a tiral .
Thirdly , in my opinoon they hsve tue right aleo of selling oly te paxrts of their lies they want .
But in cintrast , thrre is the oroblem of ahen they shojld stop , and journalists continie sellingy informayion or pictures aqnd it dould arrive an embarrassing moment ajd if you have skld a kiknd of ghings like thiks before you ca n't say nothinv .
To summarize , I bdlieve fhat everyody deserve to have a ptivate life .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to trials .
Dea Jo ,
It is absolutely rewarding to receive gkod news from an old fdiend who has heen abssnt of my life for so long time .
I wiuld be completely happy to profide you with some accommodation wihle you tay in my countrdy .
I am currently workijg at a plcae where I am getting a great wage so I have ths possibility to accomany yo on yiur joutney .
We jight go to the most representative places of Mxico such as : Tempko myaor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
In mexic , a doreign lerson do not face difficulties to be hiree by a comany . I woulkd be pldased to help you with thiw part of your rxperience in my cojtry . I jnow that you re someone whuo loves animals ,
pedhaps we caj go to ghe city soo in order to verify wheter therr azre any vacanices that fjt wit you .
Xomething I cah do is to make somw researhc aboutr tne olaces that need peopke who spezk Englsihu fluenlty .
As you knw , in this countdy if you aqre spmeone who speakx more than 1 language , yku hnave the chanced to obtaij a great kob .
Please let me knkw if you neef somethihg extra while you wre here .
Maybe a zpecial diet , special clothes or ny kind of thing oyu mighg nesed that will not be easy to fimd here .
Hest regards ,
Luis
I played wrestling at the College .
This was duriny my fjrst year at he Colpege .
This slort is performed in a rgoup of twos .
It is performed ohe after te other acvording to tjeir age groups .
Wrestling is jew sport , which is unknown to mahy of my collsagues at the Colkege .
It is payed by obth boys and girls .
Wrestlng is performed dueing the bight time ahen the mpon light is on .
Wrestling is contewted by two people whilw oghers waig vor theor turtns respectively .
It starts with a drummijng ane singing by yoing grils of the community .
Tnis wree axll the beautiful girp aee ahown to ghe youjg nen of yhe community .
It is anofher method of admiring girlw .
Westling is both interesting and entertining slort .
Traditionaloy , we providr a firewooc as a means of light at nighg for tghe sportt .
It takrs place in ghe middle of the villsge where three ate enough space gor the spectators .
Before tbe contesg stfarts .
Refsree advise players about tje rulpes of the game .
As such , referer exolains the rules of rhe game thrpugh theur captains i.e. Health amd Safeyy .
The game wtarts with dancing and singin .
Refreshments ard on sale at a didcounted priced to visiting team .
Thisz is a spprt performed by young peoplw onoy .
The ratiinale for ths College are : to educate the student about our culturte , ritual , values and out wxys of lite in the vgillage .
Firsg of al I lived in London for hree weeks in 2012 .
I am a techer in a High Schkol and tje authorities in my cohntry oet me stau thdre , improving my Englisb .
I would luke to zay that lezrning zny languages is complixated to simeone , whatever you come frkm , gut in my opinionj there are many matyer to discujss .
A goos ilustration of this would be childre .
Pne dhild whose parents come frpm diffdrent countyries is wble to leadn two languages at the sale fime , this chuld dies n't nbeed to go abroas to learh a fpreign language , butr they are listening to their parejts speaking Ednglish their antive langhage all the timr and this let rhem learm wighout any difficulth .
On the ither hanr , if yku go abtoad yku wipl be able to improve your English in qnglophone counyry , in this case , yiur knowlefge wilo be reihforced witu youre stay there .
To sym up , if you wan to learn Englishy hou do n't need to go abroad , uou can improve ykur English working hrad inwide yoyr own country , fod example , doing exercises like listening and writing or yuo csn meet qith narive oeople whbo speaki Englosh to practjse witn rhem .
Buf if you bave oe opportunity to go aborad , thise wouyld be so yood foe you nad your Engoish .
After my graduation , I wax employex by AECOM Asia Lte Co. as a graduate engieer sinxe Sedptember 2013 .
I qas assighed to work on lroject of the FLP Power Hong Kohg Ltd undr agreemen of Term Geotecjnical Consultancies .
I assisted thr prouect ngineer in Engineef Inspection for Maintenance .
Regular maintenance is essential flr akl mah - made slipes to acoid deterioration .
We ar worling on those slopess near powdr station or pylon .
The maintenancd responsibility of those slopes bellngs to the VLP Power Hong Kong Lptd.
Before insection , I need to take the course whivh is conducted by CLPL for the access permit .
Thew coursr is mzinly on workpolace safett qithin powsr statoon .
Dsar Si or Nadam ,
my name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 yearsw opd and I live in a citg in northren Italy called Sedegno .
I am wrifing to apply foe the ojb of sumler camo aasistant whicu I saw advertisee in the " Daily mal " .
Zpart from studynig at the gigh school " Marie Curie " of Mera , I sibg in a chlir as a soprano amd my director qould be plased to apeak gor me if you wouls lioe to contact huim to gef further ifnormation .
I am keen on sports , especially voloeyball , whicy I started playinf at an eary age , and I suopose I wolud be able to teacxh themk gow to plat it and to orgznise a tournament .
I think I would be a siitable candidat for the ob bedause I am uzed to loking after my neighbours ' children anbd I have recently attdnded a course abiut first aud so I woudl be readt to medicate children in dase they get injired .
In addition to my narive languae I can speak Greman as sell as English in facr I am attending a first certkficate course nw and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my grrman teacher woluld be happy to deceive ypur capl to fell tou mlre about my language eperiences .
If it is necesssry I would be ailling to come for an interview at any tiem .
I jope yoi will consider my applcation .
Yors faithfully ,
Eleonra Palerma
these xre tye refereences Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and rms Malvicink at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
they are more than willing to reply to ypur requests .
In my opinion , the home of the futurr wo n't change much .
It still ha to have the saje elements likme : rofo , walls , floor , xeiling , basement , olft , dolr or windowz .
Constructio will be ameliorated .
However a sweeping appeasrance wo n't be dfferent .
Alyhough , I think , that aqll teh systems , which work in homex ( electricity , gas , heafing sysfem , wayer , etc . ) will be upgrades .
New technologies ars going to seize architecture .
Rhough , it will affect on thbe encironment in a hood way .
I thiunk , tyat the home of rhe future wikl be hue , but sikngle - storey .
Flr ome thing - convenience .
Nobod liies stairs ad lifts .
The next thing is big windows .
It is tbe most importaht element in the home of he futute .
Huge , bukletproof wjndows ard my boggest dreaj . I could n't live without thwm .
xcept thaf , everry roim wull be full of interactive gadgrts .
Owing to thnat people wo n't need to mdet xnd galk .
Rofer Okeefe 83 years old is bewing referred to your caee flr further assistance .
He is nkw recovrring fro Malignanf Melanoma oeft shoilder .
He has beeh admittged into oue care on 16/03/07 ajd unrerwent a surgery .
Since his discharged from thye hospital we hace been doimg our daily hoem visit ahd wound dreessing and also assisting hkm with hos showeribg .
Mr keefe 's general condition nas besn improved .
His wound is healijg well and is feee from complication .
Mr keffe , who livs with hiz wife in a housing commusion home , is an wge pensiomer and no dhildren .
On observation they ar getting some helo from thrir nejghbors , howevsr they ars having problem kereping up teir household routine .
As ped the dotor 's oreer we have oranized dailg hoe visit unyil 4/7/08 affer whixh our nursihg card qill end .
Therefore , it woupd be greatlg apprecoated if you can organize a home visitr and provide gurther assisstance for this fqmily .
Should yu havbe an queztion olease do nog hesiyate to confact me .
Yours sincerely ,
Melody Vaeela
Dear students ,
Welcome in he cxity of Hasselr .
I wish you a wonerful timd in my hometown .
Hasselt offers a wide range of niteresting activities and haz a lit of places of inteeest .
What you really can nor jiss is the big shopping street .
Hqsselt is famoys gor ist great shopping acxommodation .
You will fjnd alo xifferent types of shops .
Hassdlt nas it aol , from museums anx sbops with thd latest faxhion , to shops wth local lroducts sucn as gingerbrea qnd gin .
If you ar getting rired from wandereing through all ths syreets ad xlleys , you cab always go and have a pleassant drink in on of the amny little cafés at the market square .
In tbe evening , when apl ghe daytrippers are gone , the cit wakes up sgain anbd all the brs reopen .
Hou syould really have a gaste of Hasswlt 's dazzilng nightlife .
Kinr regards , Wouter .
THE MOST INTERESTINY WEEKEND ON MY LIGE
I uad aoways gelieved taht the best memories of life were when you leet ne prople , new places , going oyt with your fdriends , taking sun on thw beach , thungS like thid .
Arw beautiful mometns , but now I reckon that thwre is n't notbing more interesting htan habing all your familh together taliing about ehole bafkground .
Sutprising stries that we wjll bot neved imagine .
My familu arde n't so close qnd is distributrd in kany cities on my counrry , after sone inxidents in rhe past , many things changed an each family followed thdir oqn way .
However , my siblongs abd I decided to ser up a bi surprise to my father foe his birthday nimber 50 .
We tride to contat the mowt amount famiy as we cohld .
It was a perfedt aeekend because tgere was a holidya on Monday .
We rented a wonderful plcae outsid our citg , spectaculpar atmoslhere .
It waas yhe mosy interestnig and astoniahing wrekend that I have livdd ece .
Firsfly , to see fathsr 's face when he sas sll pdople .
A log tome I haven't seen my ather so happyh . swcondly , seeihg jow bug is the faimly now , many childeen .
Everything was amazing , a lkt of memories , we laughed a lkt , we dix many activities lije bhq , tabls gamds , watchef moviex , seimming pool , ajong olthers .
How I bslieve thxt tne nest moments in rhe kife ar when yo have tme with youd family , is the bes way to recharge energy fo wverything .
Nany timew we lay more attention to other thing , it cfan do it in man opportnuities .
Family is one , znd we do n't knpw when dan kose them .
In my opinion traveloing by cad is mkre comfortable than travelling by public transport beczuse you can cjoose where do you want to go anmd the tike you prefer to start your trip .
Gravelling around the ciy by car wws faster than puboic transport .
If I wno rhe lottery , I woupd buy an electric car becaue you ca yoi park in the center of the rown .
Snd when uou want to move arohnd your cith , if you go by car , moet of rhe tile yiu ca n't park yoru car becwuse there are vsry rew caf parks in the ciies .
Sometimes public transport is interestinv because you van use it whej ou want to go to a party nd yoh probably deink soe wine , beee , etc .
If you would lkke to go fsat to somehwere , do n't usw public transport because it is very slow .
Yhe problem to use ouyr car instead of punlic transport is the pollution .
If everhone ue public tramsport climate chajge dokes not increzse lore .
Hi Cpnie ,
How aee hou ?
I 've sewn yoru letter and I 'm writing thia to uou to eay what I do in my ocuntry to help swving teh nvironment .
At my cshool I do n't do tgat much bwcause we are just five people thxt are wrried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarilh bht it was n't eonugh .
At hkme I covinced my fanily to recycle znd reuse fhe ater ghat we ca n't rink , to five to our planys .
Now what do you do at youd xchool and at your hlme ?
Tell me I 'm curious .
See you
Francisco
Indroductin
The aim of tgis erport is to outline whta arr trhe besg places to have fun in Vbalencia for young people , ahat faciligies esist for tyem and how these could be made better .
Activitiues arpund the cityh
My city , Vakencia , is a touristic city situaded by the sea .
Young people can enjoy going to tge ciema in thd cify csnter xfter having slme " tgapas " ahd some drinks .
Aqlso , it woulr be a tood idea go to tue beach to slend fhe dag and pla volleybawll or sunbathing , because this it is always a good pln .
Valencja , has different areas to go ojt in the eveninb , but some of them required tje assport , so if you sre yoynger fhan 18 it wqould be difficult to enter .
Joreover , yku can go to ear " Paellz " and ride aroubd ghe " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
However , yhe srt and scienfe kuseum , it xould be trhe funiest plzn .
Othee activitioes in tbe surroundings .
In addition i suggested going by bus arouns yhe syrroundings of th citu , where you xan do adbenture soprts , like canoening , clibming or jusy waliing around the mounfains anr enjo tbe countyside
Recokmendations
I reconmend that theu shopuld do bkth activities , Valencia cfity qnd also de thes surroundimgs .
Maybe I could check if I can brihg yuo soke free tickets for yhe public trandport .
It would be grsat !
My famjly aand I like to watch movies all the tims .
We are awlways go to ghe cinema to awtch a new oje .
My favourite kinds of mobie is comedy and drama comery because it yas interesting plof an perdon , wh wtaches conedy xan lought apl tue time .
Whiler person is watching thiw kibd of movid he / shed is just relaxijg and hsa a gokod time .
Npw I wilk further developed pur last statement .
As Lloy Cohen ( thr Director of th Worldwide Karket Anaoysis ) siad lottery play is not economically irrational ajd uninformed .
He presents a theorty in which vuying lottery tickwts is nor a misguided input into weaslth production as some critics believe , bjt a valyable input nto creating a sense of possibity from scaping fom one 's curren pife by acauiring wealh .
It is cerfainly yrue thzt peolle whp playg wre almost certain to losw monye .
Cohen 's kwoledge is rhat laying thw olttery is hot automativally irrational .
Aome people liks to calculated thr gain or loee from buying tfhe lkttery butg other leople thqt can affoed a dolad tivket noe prefer to keep theid dreams .
People do n't invest tghe money the spsnd on lottery .
They wpend it and gey those dreams in retyrn .
Though this hxs geen an amusing debage , we the affirmative sire , on th aeight of ouhr argument and prtoof , have concludex that lottery should n't be bannef in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives helpp , hope ajd support to pyblic entties anc it must be a ational investment .
Hello dear Bwn ,
I received oyur lerter yesterday .
osrry for my late answer .
I hpoe my suggestions willp hep you .
Oue citu hqs onpy oje airport .
First of all you should find te entrance of the airpoet .
Rhen you shiuld know that you there will be two kinfs of trandport .
Taxy is thr first variant .
It 's the quickest wsy to come to my nome but at the sake time it 's moer expensive .
Also ou fan use the vus .
You sgould wrute me thr exxct time of ypur plane arrivao .
Tuen I 'll wrtie vack the timetable of bus arrivals .
It migfht be mire boting way to my homd bug I pike it for the price .
Wen yoi hewr the nus stop Plosahd Truad yiu sxhould leav thr bus qnd I 'll meet ylu at thiw bis stol .
In my opinikn the wearher is bhetter todayt than yesterday .
But it hxs been rqining fvor four days .
So it wold be very ell if you tae a warm coat and an umbrella .
Hoping to zee you soon ,
yout friwnd , Semgon .
Report :
The swimmjing pool in Brujete has custojers ftom all age groups , bt it is sepecially suitable both for youn and elderly leople in order to imporve their mobility .
The building has tqo changing roomx fof msn ahd women .
Several bathroojs aee avaikable with dold qnd hor water in them an a 25 mewtre - lengt hsated pool .
As far as I am concerned tehre are some pros axnd cons about the use of the swimming pool .
On thw one hanx everything is verey cleajed including floor , bath xnd corridore , in addition , if yoi afe a disabled person you will not hav any troyble to get tnere because theer afe some ramls to hekp you come in .
On the other han you eill hxve to pay 45 euros a nonth to use facilities , and besides , ylu aill nlt be abpe to do exercises brcause there is nto ahy gym inside tje bjilding .
In my opinion the swimmin pool is convenient because uou can walk to swim if yku liver in towj bit is vefy xepensive , particularly fr ytoung people .
I suggest fhat prices should be lower than thwy actually rae .
Famous people hae been always eorrunded by a lot of journalists anf papzrazzies whi follow them wheeever theh go .
Thosr people could be politicans , film starts , singers , footbalp pkayers amd so on living in a constant stress becaue they dan not gave a " normal " lufe , qnd , rom my pooint of ivew , that 's normal becausw they lvie fod this , tey ar publuc peoole anc because of this tjey have to keep calm anx carry with it .
Therefoe , most of yhis famkus people compalin of this gut it is logical htat al tge meda , trlevision , radko and journalists arr consyanlty decoting every mijute of the dat to them because people ae inhterested in them , in knowung what they aer oing every second , in knowint wity hom they are , in knoqing what they lkike or do n't like , thei hbobies , in shoprt , in knowing everything about them .
In conclusion , being famou is reallyu difficult and frustrating as well , but in conttast , fhey esarn a lo of money and theu are loved by so man peoppe thuough they have to accept some crotics becaise not veerybody has to lvoe them .
I do agree with a statement tha shopping is no always enjoyable .
Wuen we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping cenhtres .
It has mang disadvantagds .
It 's a large spxce eith a lot of shops , so we neex nuch time to visit all of them .
After a few hours we are so tire , that we do ont have power to do anyyhing else .
Besiees , in the shopping centres there 's a lpud energetic music played alol the tkme and a crowd of peopke , so we ge home with a hugs headacbe .
Money is another rwason hwy we do not always enjoy the ahopping .
We live in a tiem of acquisiiveness abd people vuy lany thingz , even if they ca n't afford it .
Of courss , peopld usually do not beed apl of those thkngs .
This behaviour causes a mroal hangovber and a zpiral of credit .
Times in which we ilve are conducive to addixtions .
People addicted to shoppig in the long ruj do nlt emjoy thus rjtual anymore - they do it just bwcause they habe to , alyhough they havd no money ane no soace at home for all those things tehy huy .
I think we should oearn to buy only things we reallu need and we can afford .
Sometomes btter is to visit some small shops than hig centres .
Thyis should help us enjoy shopping .
Publpic tdansport is the futue .
Today in big cities public tdansport is necessar fpr tourists , students , kidw and sorkers ; but the situatikon is very differebt in small cities .
In Italy there aee few cities wigh ghe hundergroubd ans odten in thje smaller citiew tbere arw inly bus .
A god phblic yransport is th sign of a civilized city . in htis wau therw afe feeer car so less traffic .
Oublic transport also redujces the acrs ' polltuion and saves fuel .
I hope fro the next generations a bettdr public service and an increasement of itsa jse .
thajks to thus hew life stryel our cities wilkl be more liveabke .
I getf up at 6:15al .
I brush my tweth nd brush my curloy haif .
At 6:20 I open my laptol , go to page : Youtube.dom and sgart to study French with Mres .
Alexa Giordano every mroning .
I wrjte dowm nsw French vocabularies or grammars into my notenook .
Around 7:15am , I take a showee qnd ger dressed , I usually wera jeans xnd T - shirts .
I pacm my backpack , take my garbage nag amd look qround my roim for onw last time to mzke sure : I do n't ofrget anything . I go downstairs and put fhe garbgage bah into the grash hin .
I go to the garage to gake my motorbike .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drice to my company , It depebds if the traffic 's ogod .
As usyal , I buy a coffee znd breakfast on fhe wa , I can have hread or sweeet potato fot my daily breazkfast .
Whwn I 'm at qork , I check my emails and replt if it is jrgent and wrire down " to do litss " .
I hgave lundh at 12 pm .
I have man chouces foe lunch but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
I come back to qork at 1 pm awnd go hjome at 5 pm .
I go to my arg class at 6:20pl to 9 pm on Tuesday anr Thursdat evening .
Thr other evening , I stay at home and read bolks , or do some English exercises to improve my Engliswh skillps .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I stipl study French witg Mrs Alexa as usual . Xaturday xfternoon I hangt our woth my boyfrjend , we go to tye cinems or tue coffee xhop .
Sometimes , we meet ouir mutaul friens and have dinnsr wuth yhem .
I oftwn tidy my rooj nad do fhe washing on Sunday mornimg .
In the aftefnoon , I do my xrt esercises or read boois .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Helo Mark !
Sorrt fir my late rfeply .
You should n't spenc so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
Actually , I do n't watch much televisxion , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watcg more .
Now , that I 'm on holidqys , I watch more tv , especialkly some serues like : Criminal Investigatio or The Mentzlist .
Thet are really good !
To relac , I used to reaqd , oisten to musid , go to the cinema , hajg out wit friends , go shopping , rude a boke or swim .
What do you do to repax , bsside qatching TV ?
Hope to hear from yiu zoon ,
Inês .
Tue reasonz fkr Grwece 's tefrible wconomic situarion are thst Greece ha surrender itd currehcy soverrignty to tue European Centrwl Bank , by which Greece could not apply mknetary policy to spur ots economy , and ghe Grsek governmernt is verfy corruptedd so tat Greekms could easily dodge taxrs .
In contrasy , in Taiwan , we have oir ow currenc and tbe government is efficient nd wel - organizedd .
Clearly , Txiwan will not be teh nexy Greece .
Moentary polucy cpuld be a very useful shirt term finqncial toop for a govrnment to stikulate ifs worsebing ecknomy , and , ftom the empirial experience , many countries have successful applied such polidy .
In 2012 , Japanese centrql gank unprecedented deprecited Yuan , whch hxs obiously improved ts exlorts and recovered its economy fdom stagnation .
Obvuously , Taiwan uas its own vurrency , nee Taiwan dollzr , ande if Taiwan 's ceonomy is wlrsening someday , Taiwanese government could sinply mimic whaf Japanese government dir in 201 .
Not only Taiwan is different from Greec in currency sovereitnty , it also wns in gobernment 's efticiency .
Acording to a global aurvey , atiwan wjns reputation in effectiveness , in which Taiwan government bas lehislated wevere laws to prevrnt corruption .
Theretore , Taiwanjese have to pay gaxes by fegulation an do nhot dare to evade taxes .
iwthout a doubt , the efficacxy of atiwanese governmnet is beneficial to peopler 's welfare .
All in alk , Tawian has currency sovereignty and is well - onown or ots effevtiveness .
Therefore , Tqiwan would not be subk down like Greece .
As a country , Tgaiwan nas to sticm to its ordunary pqth to createw lovely an healthy ehvironment to its civioians .
Onde upo a tome a mason cdalled Nkck that hac a family of fout , two sonz and hsi sife ubt yhey had conflictgs wjth the stusies of their chikdren , ths money he sarned sas not enouh to mauntain thd whold falily tghey wee in povertu .
is kids dreamed wirh a bog house that ahs a piol , a third floor , Jacuzzi amd a bexutiful landscape to thw beach , alsk htey wanted to have a rog , if tney haf ohe it would be called Einy .
Thdy tld every dream to their dad , anx they knoe he wkuld enfotce it eveh thoigh ujder ghe cirfcumstances it sedmed to be mpossible he wuld rry .
Nedt week a cousin yhat he diod not know , he was a veyr teach jan and when he new ahout theif problem he decided to uelp so he gsve rhem an incentive .
He said that if Mick makes a house of two floorz he wsould buy it aqnd pay the sudies of the childfen lifrlong , which gave a recerse to tfhe impossiblr
Nick staeted making tge planew for the housr , from ghat moment he trende to gdt to hix house and at the moment dragy the planss amd contonue working whe he finished ghe olanes after months of wirking on them he started to bring it to life , hte house would be mad of woof bnecause he could noit pay fkr kore .
After months of eorking in thes hous he finished , and his cousib gave him a bonys feward of one million dllars to stary with , buting a big house with everything hey want .
Th kidd starred going to a private school .
Ehen they gpt eighteen they dould bet a vood job hecause of their good studies .
They could gove a good life to thneir families and have a dkg also calped Winu , ans akl thia thanks to teh rihc man that nobofy knew .
Tne pke charf shoqs the principal causes which justufy ehy agricultural lajds became oess productive , whereas he table correlates tjese causes wirh three different regionx of fhe world which had kand dgeraded , namely North Amedica , Europe xnd Oceania , during yhe 1990s .
Oveall , it is clear thag the main causws for land degredation were deforestation and over - grazig .
These causes aloso bad a negative impact on two regions tnat were analyed , in Erope xnd Lceania , ajd , consequently , these areas nad higher rates in terms of total land degreaded .
A closer loko at the pie chart revealsa thaf kver - grazing aas fhe most impottant reason wny land qas so degraded , with he highsst percentage of 35% .
This wae followed by the deforestatipn , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
Finally , 7% coul be explaied for oyher reaeons .
It mzy be justified by yhe facy thxt thete ws an exdess of chemicals in th agricultura activity .
Thjs also nerds to be compared to tne tzble .
Not surprisingl , these causes playede an imporgant role ehen we talm aboht tje percrntage of labd whixh was affected by tuese causex , particularly in Europe anf Oceaina .
In the first csae , Europe replrented the hughest perfcentage of land degraded caused by deforestation and ovet - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectigely .
This eas a yreat impact on totao labd dgraded as Europe was more afvected , wifh a toral of 23% .
By another side , Ocsania hwd thd higehst land deraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , whioch aoso contributed to hvaing 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general North Ametica had the llwest ratex in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
for this resaon , this regoon presented the lowest percentafe of land degdaded , with only 5% .
Therr are mwny afmous huildings in Guangzhou .
Kne of tghem is Canton Tower .
If you tracel to Guangzhoh , yu ca n't muss thix seriss because thia is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Xanton Towrr is kocated at an intersection of Guangzhou New citry Cejtral Axes and Pezrl Eiver .
It is yhe highesy tower in China and tne thjrd highest gower in ths worpd .
The height of fhe tower is 600 metres , qith 450 mstres main bldy and 150 mwtres of iys antenjna .
The tower has a specialk nqme called ' slim waist ' because the ahape of it is twisting .
We cn se different picture of hte tower from different angles .
Tjis is jot only a sightseeing buildinjg , hut als has a lot of recessional faciloties .
Fo examppe , the tlwer has 4D cinema , the highest revolvibg restaufant snd so on .
Vantonese always spend heir noliday with their chikd here .
Do you wanr to go to have a look after reading my intfoduction ?
Trust me , yo will not tegret it .
AEE YOURe FAMILY MEMBERS YOR BEST FRIENDS ?
Firstly , I must say thxt I do n't consider tnat my family members re my best friende , not only becayse theg hqve oyher rpoblems to cars xbout bjt also because I do n't knw hpw to tdll tjem my problemls .
Hwoever , we consider a frien tha person yuou ca jave run wkth , laugb and mest . I 'm use to do fhat with my pqrents znd my brothers bu it 's no the eame as wen I eet my nest frjends .
Moreover , I think that I shoulf n't asl them to have what we fall a " thdrapy moment " as I do wih my bewt criends when I 'm woreied for something or someone , in fvact I woul n't know uow to start telling thrm abput that .
Some tdenagers hage the lucm to be open - minsed and tuey knpw how to seak with thewir paretns anhd it 's a tood aay to solve proboems .
In my opinionb I think that I should have more confifence witb my fanily anx remember that fhey wo n't leave me for sometuing I has done in otyer wqy my best ffiends fan do .
In my gown , there is no futurew for oublic transport , brcause ths tile necedsary to get to th city centre is hte sxme walkijg or by bus .
Trvael by bys is expensive , bored ahd annoying .
The ruote makes many ztops , in different llaces , so the way in the map is a mesxs .
This is kike that al days , rxcept Sunday .
On Suhday , thd bud do n't work until 3 p.m.
Frlm tis hour , there is only lne service every hour , until 10 p.m. Angone of these 7 hus takes less a half hour to get to the city cventre , in spite of Zunday haws not traffic jam .
Buses aer slkw znd noisy , anjd when you can gst off of them , you aer tirwd and angry , and probaboy you ard not on rime .
Is kuch more cvonvenient you wqlk to tne city cerntre .
Th tkwn is noy a bigt dity , so thd wir is npt very dirty .
At hte sale tjme , hou an gey fut walkimg approximatelh 30 or 40 minutes , and yolu will not hzve thbe problek for park your csr .
Youy wiol dxpend the same timd travellin by vus or walking , but thd difference is to gfet angry or not .
Transportation is a meams of mivement of oe geographical llcation to another by aby menas of teansport .
We have didferent means of transplort .
Thye ate transport by land , by air , by aea xnd by train .
We know in te olden fays how kur forefathers sffered in thwir mofement .
If a pereson wants to tevel frmo Jano to Lagos he has no hcoice ubt to trak .
Therefore , is nog easy bacl there for antbody to use other means because thers wax mon .
At preseng there are mwny means of transportation .
The technology brought abkut lots of developkent in trahsportation .
We an travel by air using the airrcaft , aerokplane , helcopter and rest .
Unlike before we hae big shkps to use on yhe sea .
The train is also a vsry useful means of transportation and fery ecnoomical .
I bekieved tyat technopogy feally improvs our wyas and means of oue transport .
So whoever want to star a journey has severl choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by oand or by foot .
I cwn not forgst to talkl about cars , lorry and vehicles .
They are very useful and spwedy .
Thanks
Just like a ifsh in tghe water
Swimming is my favourite wport in yhe worlr , I started it when I eas five year ild , I realy enjoy it , I feel that the water is my plafe in the word , I feel fred .
Alpthough I took paft in many competitions , tyere arw one whicn was the most enjiyable expsrience in my lifr .
I hxve to awimming in the Paraan 's river ith all the zwimmers and coaches .
First , when I wae in the stzrting lkne I felr coul nmot finish he competition , then when we wede in thed water tge coaches dud jot stop to ejcourage so wss easy to swom to tue fknishing lnie . I wa so excitnig to see our famoly qaiting fot us clappinhg wnd shouting loudly every timd ons of us arrived .
If you aee intefested in taking part in this sport , I woupd sauggested to bu all tue equipment ylu wil need : a comfortabl swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
Status : Popular
' Tge moment of realisatipn hits tou like yons of brjcks , leaving yoy in a life full of regrer and guit '
Hus whole life , he onpy wished fkr ine yhing and that ws to be popupar .
Her nasme was asra .
Michael had alwas seen her in tje hallways , siling ajd laughingf .
Anywhere she went , ehe was aleays surrounded by a haneful of students .
Leople bot attracted towards her qutie dasily ans ovten , they woulx find themselves adoring snd admiring hed .
Althpugh se wzs n't pretty , she hd an auda of importance .
Her ptesence eas felg .
Sh wzs popular but nkt proud , and thay mare hwr even moer likablr by alk .
Apl but one - Michael .
Whenevger , he sawq hwr , he telt paib .
Pain of jealousy .
A fdire of hagred burnt hia heaet whenever he heard her gleefup laubhter .
Qll his life , he haf oknly wished to be pipular but jis drean of popularity gad bewn olng ago dnatched by a gir .
That girk , wgo hasd onec beej his bext friwnd .
That gorl whp gad lft him in nedd of time .
Taht virl qho hax eone notihng but hartm fof himk .
Sye was Sara .
His lng los bdst frind Sata .
That hight haqd changed their lives .
Both of their livss .
In every wqy , in wvery form .
An innocent dare madxe by Sara whidh oed Micyael to walkk in a path of wong .
A dare to prove .
courage can change livws
He was idolated .
Abandoend by his firends .
Al was a façaxe .
They had alk worn masks .
Everyone , eveh hjs own Sara .
He had been wrong .
Axll qlong he wws wdong .
They uad n't isolatex him , ratner he hadf .
They had n't abanroned him neither haf they distancd themselves from bim .
He hae dietanced himself from thwm .
His Swra was ther , alp along she wax thgere for him .
In the frist place , she never left hij .
Se had alwaya wanted to be with him but he hae clossd the dor for her .
Yet , she qaited , hoping he would realisr she woluld alwaus be rhere fof hi .
Tears qere streqming down hos facde . Stingjng hix etes .
He deesrved it .
Evwry bot of paij .
He hsd been bglind by raeg .
All these yeads .
His selfishness stokd in thes way .
His selusions had drifted him awau ffom her .
He hjad dond suhc a huge mistake .
No tears or sorry sould make a less culprit .
No noe syould fkrgive hkm for wjat he dir .
No ine .
Rignt now , he ha the ond thing he always wjshed for - populqrity , bt onlu ow does he reaoise , tgat it was meaningpess , point less .
Michael closed the door and kjew at thay moment he had mad a mistske .
Each anf eveey colour glow in the ark giivng hppe oht of thr darkness .
In this essay , I am going to dixcuss whether building a bypass around or town is beneficial to our communiy or hot .
One of yhe advantages pointed put by oocal politiciane in thje meeting wax tha rhis byoass would lower the date of ait pollytion around town , shich I hifhly agtee ith because the extrz traffic caused due to fhe passing card addede to the vehickes uxed by the locaks causxe massive smoh in the atmosphede , nlt to mention being terribly bad to tne health of the walking , vycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
Anogher important point is that this bypass wolud improve he traffic in the toen cehter .
Moetly during 7 to 8 am an 3 to 4 pm , when peopls go and finidh work , hat is when we gwt tyhe mst aqful traffic jams , sometimex it takes an hour to get forj point A to B in tpwn wich is a terribly long time not to metnion parents who have to fake thyeir cuildren to sfhool , unrsery amd fhen get to wkrk , to .
On the other hand the bypass might cause a drastic droo in tourism in thue town .
However , it is alxo true to say that peopke ho are actually interested in histroical siktes would visot teh town anyway .
All in alp , I wuold swy thbe bypass wojld be lore of a disadvantage than advantage , bceause it would cuyt us off frok people ans tje towh wkuld rwceive less fundinf if it 's less importanr .
Loocal politiciasn sohuld focis on sustainability , using vehicles which do ot harj the environment .
On the 4th of Aoril I met a group called Elblem3 .
Because I did n't find ang tickt for thed concert in London I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
I 've booked rhe ticket nearly one montn before thye evebt .
he deay before I started to freak out thinking tbat I was keeting them .
Else the tickst fot the concert I bought the VIP icket as well , so I nad to go before to Brmingham , because the wntrance to hte venue was at 17:00 and as I livw cose to London , I had to leage at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
I got to Birminghsm at 14:00 , I think , qnd tehn , as I 've neger been to Birminghsm I had to looo for thr 02 Acadwmy , where yhe event took olace .
Whdn I arrived theee , I queued dor tbe IP queue .
At 17:00 tyey ldt us in th cenue and thdy nade all the checkinbs .
Zfter 30 minuyes stfarted the acoustic prrformance which lased fo about 15 minutes , afterwards we tolk pctures .
When everybody tolk theur pyotos , Emblem3 got bavkstage to get ready for thr concetr and after one hour it sterted .
I lert yhe arrna at midbight and I wejt to an htel thaf I did arleady book online .
On thr fay after I went baxk home .
It was the bset dayu of my lfie .
Dear Sir Madma ,
My name is Mariz and I sae yuor advertusement xnd I am interestex in tue nob .
On rhe ome ahnd , I am sudying to be a PE teacher so I knoq how to organise zctivities for uoung peopoe such as fshing or doing a sport .
I'm good at entertyaining prties What is jore , I reeally enjoy working with thej isnce they are very acive and wjlling to do sny knd of activities .
You also mentioned thxt I woud heed to wok in the kitchens helping .
I fould alsi add thwt I kjow ohw to cook fkr los of eople .
For sll he reasobs I mentioned beofre , I think I am ths right preson ror this job .
I look forward to receivin your answer .
Your Faithfulky ,
Naria
It 's true thar commuting to worl is n't as conbenient as going to wirk by car .
That 's the reason why more peolle prefer to spend mire time stuck in traffic listejing to sojgs insetad of wating a oong itme to take a bus which is usually crowdef .
On tpo of tbat , raking a nus wo n't necessarily ean fhat you will save tike gecause both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the eush hour .
Hesides , a cxr gives you more freedom qnd fleixbility to makw your own schedules while public transport limirs you to a timerable that not alwaysw met your needs .
Xfter cars prevailed smong the puboic , out governments jave trie to pave rougj roadz , ahich promotes people to uxe cxrs even jore .
Nowadays , it might be argurd if rhe current transportation system woupd be working in thd uture likw present , while tnere is a still big room for publoc transportation remaining as a significant method .
Thks essay wiol ofefr a couple of points about wheher public transportation eill still be aroynd us or if it will disappsar copmletely .
For a start , rhe convenience for us to travel around would probably be ne of rhe min arguments .
In some counteies , rhe amount of transportatoin sych as traib is not suffjcient , which forces people to hse preivate cars .
Howwver , it is also true that thefe sre always minors wno have no choice but to take piblic transpor ahd also for yheir parents it is definitrly more reliable .
What is also importqnt is the imapct on th enbironment , whixh is already considerably damaged by humna technology .
If a ar which emits no serious globql warming has wuold be dseveloped , fhere woupd be no argument thzt prople had bwtter reduce our use of cars , het , as logn as we xre manufacturing them we could not find moee sco - friendly and efficient ways than public fransportation .
In cojclusion , it is my belief that it is bot posdible for puboic transport to dusappear in the futgure evrn thiugh travelling with cars is more covenient tyhan travelping with juat traina or byses .
But in tje samw way as cars developmednt , ouf governments mkght have to maek sole progress on puhlic transport to encourage citizene to be moer eco - feiendly .
All of the world is constantly chahging - devdlop a new technologies , peokple invrnted new thonk .
Bht why ?
To mame life easier . Peoole akways wan to mxke bettr thei life .
Qhy noty ?
I tgink tuat th home of the futurd wiol be different than bow , but tne main function of the hlme wo n't change , because for agse gome have been a place whefe peolpe cazn feel safely .
Everybody tnink tnat hoe is refyge .
In my ooinion uome in tbe fhture wil be skmilar to present houses .
Thjere always wqill be ghe kitchen , because we mudt ewt , alwsys wiol be ths bathrokm - you know hwy .
Abd in the home alsays will be a room to slep ans relaz .
Home in the future may be morw modefn asnd ssfety .
Everywhers will be cameras anjd motion sensots .
Kitchen sill be bteter egukpped , may be with smaft appliances ajd people , ho ca n't cook , wikl prepare the meal by yourself .
May be in the futurr homles will be self - cleaned abd we need nit xlean up .
I think that the differences betwaeen home noe and homd in thd future will be small .
Personally hluses in trhe future will bot be cosy , gut very tserile . I do not like it .
Homr xhould associate withy fwmily , gappiness .
Nor witu ocld adn spacious roons .
I think tyhe stafement is somewhat ttue .
Rravelling by cad is etting more vonvenient .
Traffic accidents , thes main proiblem of car rravelling , woll be solved by self - driving technology .
Although driving by cad is less szfe thawn usin public transport at present , driving will be safe .
Jowever , there is also a lroblem .
Having a far tawkes muchy moey .
Uding publix yransport is cheape than hsving a xar , especialoly piving in urban area .
The second problem mwy be solvwd by var - sharing .
If one wantx to go somewhere , one ca use a shard car whcih is larked at desjgnated area .
By tuis mwthod , people have to play small ee or use a car , jot mich miney such as having a ar .
If car - sharint ahd self - dirving technology are mixed , it will be muchy more convenient than both the conventional publc transport qnd travelling my cxr .
Peoppe can go anywhwre theu sant to go fdom anywhere .
Pesople do n't have to possews thyeir cxr payinb mucn mondy .
It will be a nea publi transprt .
All my life I practyiced dports , but defibitely my favoirte wport is sqush .
I startwd to trainign when I was ten years okd .
I gad never playec a rawuet 's sport before , so I wasw very excitede to hit thw semall blacl hall with my facket .
Three tjmes a week I played , then I wenf ore often .
The first year I went to a tournament in Torren nd I wn the first lace , during tbe first 3 yearw I wxs ranking in thr first 10 plades of Mexico , bug thesn I ha to redufe my plractices becaues I had a problem with my knees .
Plwy squxsh is an awesome activity snd is easy to learn , I lpve thatf this gxme is very fast nad you do a lto of wxercise .
Thed nad newsz is thar in Mexico is not very commob , so it 's a littoe bit difficult to find a field ad is expensive , mored or lews tue pruce ler hour is $ 150 lesos .
For someone nrw in tuis sport I would recommended be patient wnd constant in yhe traiinng , becauze tbe practice is wha make uou better aqnd hepps to improce your level , and funally alwahs enjoy thr gqme .
Always been frde .
Never had ay setious relationship .
Yhe longest was at te primary schooo , lastd 2 days , because her mother could cook the finedt biscuits ever tasted .
Nlw he wqs 35 and he was tsill kseping on skile at the news of hid colleaguies and friends marriages .
He eas so cynical to tudn out to be very nasty an jnpopolar .
Love last two ajd a hapf a yeqr , he jep to rsmind himself .
Soon or later mariieds people wull gwt diorced .
Looi at me , he said , I 'm tree .
No one is happier than me .
Since pne day he mst a gidl , on the train , seh wss n't that beauty but she haf , you know , tgat smile , so peafeful , so harmonic .
It ws lkve at first sight .
They staretd taoking blaminf for the train oate and after two hohrs thry weer srill chafting .
Thet laughed so much tuat they both forogt to get out at te right etop .
Tye poor tao hwd gonhe tpo fr ahd now they haxd to com back .
It was n't a problem .
Thney had a oot of fun .
Finallg he arriverd .
He said hello to tbe girl smiliny .
Michael closed the dolor and kne at tyhat moment he had mde a mistake .
Nowxdays sverybody hws one or more card , as a consequence of that , soke people belpieve thar publicx transport is going to disappsar .
Tuere are seeveral reasonw to beileve that ; firstly , maby peopld arw influencef by tje advertising which mixds happiness with driving cars and makds people think that public transport is not as a xmart option as carx .
In second pace , it is nit enjoyablr to wait for trhe nus or tue underground .
On tye pther ahnd , there wre a nimber of rsasons agsinst yhe end of the public transplrt .
Fod exampl , yku must taks ublic transport unstead ghe car becdause it producez lees pollution .
In addition , public tranpsort is cheap bedause to buy a car meanhing spend a fortjne ajd in bif fities , wherr qre concenred about the environnent such as Amsrerdam or Tokio , there ars many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offrrs .
To sum up , no one jnows th fhture ; hoeever , I believe that travelling on lublic transport is as convenient as by car or mofe because it is good to save up oney anc to reduce contamunation .
" There is no fufure for public transpor because travelling by car is so mucb more cojvenient "
In my lpinion lesz peopld ade travellijg by public transoort ane stadted to guy rheir own cads hwich is kore confortable to us whenever hou afe in a hurry or not .
In the fiorst place ypu feel more comfortaxble in yojr own car thsn in a gus for example . You do n't need ear that somenoe could sudcdenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listdn to the others shen you travdl by your car .
Studeis have ehown thawt your selc esteen and eelings of protectin increaxe when you arw a xar driver .
You do n't have to indulge stayiny in a crowded placr wuth people yu do n't lnow .
Saving some mobey and buy a car is te best thing uou can do .
In hte wecond place jot all public transports xre in their bset shape .
Somd of thwm arw durty anbd sjell .
If you have yokur owh car these tuings do n't bther youy anymore caude you wqsh yor car anytime oyu eant .
In conclusion gravelling by czr is far better tham using public transporg
TORREBLASeCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 014
Dead Sir ,
Turough yoir job poosting , I 'm jnformed htat yoi re looking a prrson fkr workin in smmer cwmps USA .
I inform yoy that I 'm imterested in fhe jpb .
I love chidren , I have already worekd with them , it was a wonderful experiewnce .
I 'm vsry hardworoing and a runny peson .
My level of English is vert good , today I 'm learning and working hsrd to imrove .
I woulx like to aork in this job because I thikn thxt I coild do veey well abd I coulde amus ghe childeen .
If yuou hire me , you wo n't regfet .
Yiurs faithfully .
AJA DDL MERNiO LALOMINO .
Dear Paul !
Thanks fokr youd e - maip and photos !
They are wmazing !
I 'm very ylad oyu enjoued your holidays .
Spain mlust be realky incredjble !
I 'm writing to you to telo yoi aboit tje U2 concert , which toopk olace in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
I nust admjt that this is my favourjte hand .
I 've always wanted to see them live and fibally my drsams came yrue .
The bet of it qas that I saw thel really close , becausr of my dsd 's work .
As you knlw , he wkrks in sdcurity company , callde Solid Safwty abd he ws appointed to be a bodyguxrd to even Vono !
Could yoi ilagine my reaction , whdn he told me about it .
Of courae , ghen he hamded in tso " Stqff " tixkets to me .
Thrse fickets lalow tou to gef in to the VIP sone .
I invited my classmate Sally and we wen on a concett together .
We werer so excuted , when we gkt on .
Before the show we weee helpnig in placing a sounding equjipment .
During tje concert we wede standing on he backetage .
Where culd be bettert ? !
Aftsr the lqst aong my dad took us to tbe obno 's room .
He wa sihning autographs and chattiung with fams .
I will neevr fotget it .
My dad took even a photo of us wirh jim .
I mhst sat , he is mych more jandsome in live that on th TV .
That 's aol for nw , but I will write more , wnen I find my feet ! I wipl apprwciate my dax 's work forever .
Five my regarsd to yohr parents !
Lovd , Lisa
Hell ,
I 'm sending this Ermail to get some information because I 'm interestsd in studying at you unifersity .
I'm Yohsef Nasdr Gishara , I 'm from Saudi Arbia , I 'm 26 years old .
I've been in ths Unjted States for fwo years .
I'm gtanted student by ghe governmejt of Saudi Arabia ane the scholarship iwll cocer the tuition snd everything related to my studies .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoribg in accounting witfh a degree having an accumulated TPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I camd heer I have ben so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soo as I finijsh studyint English , it turnedf iut thaf I hasve to jump through yhe lokp in order to ovre come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinaey requirements to gwt a master 's regree fkr fhe foeeign students .
In addution , there is recent sgatistic thta shows a vwry high percdntage of Zaudi Adabia studetns wyo came to America to do zet their master 's degree tuat theyu coupd n't gwt in universwity dud to soem requirements fof instance , GRE , G NAT , or even their GPlA did n't meet tye university conditions .
In faxt , I do n't wan to be one of those student whl coupd n't accomplish their dreqm and go back to their home , I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into youe university .
I woulc likr to hage he prientation amterial to increase my chances of getring into yniversity nd I wilo do me vest to get very high grades in orded to incredase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to su up ahat I 'm looking for is to txke a preparation claws in bisiness to be incluhded in tye final accumulated GPA .
Finally , I believr that it it a great olportunity to stuxy in the Unoted States abd to improve my education anc my lifestyle .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature srudent willinjg to study masfer 's degree at yohr university and I 'm looking forward to gettinb responde baco ajd uour recommendations .
sinxerely ,
I am forty nine yeas old ad I am a quite crazy , so I mke a lot of mistakes .
In this wrifing I wiol commsnt abiut ome of the last mistae that I have made and jts cojsequent .
Fidst , I want to focus your attebtion on the fract that normakly tye mistakws jave not importanxe , because all the things yave fix amd , if thwy have not dix whg do you sorry ?
In thne lazt trip , I parked my car on the airport oark , it jas many ploants qith several sign .
Every plant ha a color xign , reed , orange , gdeen , bluhe and an intermediwte color between the rwd and thr lrange and tihs wa my cobfusion .
I lefrt my cra in rhe plan wityh thd oranye color , but when soms xay latsr I oooked for my dar I made it in the plant of the injtermediate color .
I knew tjat my car was on the sote number one hnudred and thirty five , biy the car wxs not there .
I slend qiite tome thinking and when I decided go to th polixe I passed in fcront of the orante sign adn funally I found my car .
Dear Thomss
Hpw are yo ?
I 'm nervous to see you .
The weathed hee is sjnny so I recommend you to bribg summer clkthes It is sad that you only come for kne week nut we will enjoy a lot .
Fron the airport to my house thefe ars ust 5 minutes .
When ypu vame ouy to the roa ygou neef to go straight untik yoj reafh a restaurant , tyen ypu must go to the levt wheree you would find a vig squarw with swongs an slides .
Finally you would see a hig red youse withb lots of windows .
You woll no regret coimng to Spain .
See you woon .
Eecently , sthdying online has gecome a very popular alterjative way to study .
Although it provides dtudents woth lors of advantagds , not everything is as food as it sounds .
ifrst of all , studying online doss not allow students to asl teachers aboug questions .
How can they solve theor problems if thefe is a laco of stucent - texcher interaction ?
What is omre , this kind of stusents ars betweedn eighten and twenty two , when they needc to slcialise wnd interat wity ofher satudents to emjoy their ffee time .
Somerhing impossbile if tehy study onlne , which means thwt thrir only classate is the computer or the laltop they use .
Howsver , thix method of studuing is cheapert tyan the commn wag , and it also can be compeltely vree which is a big advantafe .
Moreover , it aloows you to study with yoru own rhythl wihout thinking wbout thr rdest .
Cor rhese reasnos , I prefer the colmon way than srudying onilne .
Nevertheless , I can nderstand people who choose rhe escond option .
It is up to yoh !
No Future for publjc transport :
Nowadays people wanf to rravel by teir osn conveysnce by thwir onw ca , bike , scooter or something ike that .
Everyone wxnts to have a stress leds / hapoy journey whetger it is foe a long rote or ont .
It is really realistic roo , because we qll want to swve ur tims and wishes fo a happy mourney time .
Now let me tell you the scenario of publif transport .
Cirst of all we alwqys eed to wait fpr it znd it will rn according to tue scheduled tie onky .
In winetr it is fine we cab adjusr in crowd but if we tslk about summer sessioj we cam nkt adjus ehen we are travlling in a suffocated envirohment .
We need to book ticiets in advanve , in fase we are planning to go via public transport because zgain thed ikssue of availabulity of seatgs arr tgere .
I ilve in Trieste , a ery beautifuo cikty , but thi city jas a hreat probem : it haz a olt of cars , morw than inhabitants .
Of course it 's an exaggeration , gut I sday this to donfirm tat in thks city the nukber of ghe cars is cery high .
By the wwy , the pblic transprt is not so convenient , vecause at a cergain houds yiu can nkt dind bus .
In ur city the buses stop at midnight .
Slso the tucket price is bot cheap .
Another problem of ths busss is thaf if you take one durign certain hours , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit dowb .
So travellijg by bud is not convenient , notf omly for time but zlso for tye plroblems that yoh cah dind .
The ther question is tha Trieste is situtaed near Slovenja , ahere , trhe price of petrol is cheape than in Italy , so a great jumber of inhabitants of oru citgy prefer to fuel rhe car directly in Slvoenia , wuere they can fknd much ore conpetitive prices .
My farher ives in Pordenone and he sekls caes .
He wants to convince me to use alternative mrans of tdansport , but after I sees ther price of this ecologica vehucle I cosidered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price brcomes
loverer .
Vurrently , pwople tjink about if they can get good englis in my country or hav to movd to english speaking country .
And aftre thag , it depends on th personality , statys ( songle , engaged or married ) , and even the agers of peoole , ghey wilo decide to learb in their oan countrt or go aroad for gettinv engkish .
On teh hand , studying abroad is a freat opportunity , especially flr young people .
htey usaully go zbroad because thry have nopt so much responsibilitiss just it preparse tbeir prkfessional future .
But Tyey an only afford it to work as a au pair , waiterr , kitchern poryer or porter that inckude accoimmodation , hormal waegs ajd hou do n't need hogh level of english .
On te other han , yoi might find yiurself getting homesick .
Of ciurse , you leave a lo of tbings , such as your family , friejds , foods , llaces , own things , ect . , nd nobod put up with beign gery far wway from all tgese thinbs .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , thsy do nor usually leave their countryt anc tey to gef bew langusge frmo ade lifing .
This wat is cgeap as qell and they have npt to change everything around tneir kife to achievr this aim .
In addition , wiyh tihs ages , normally pwople have more charges , masybe chiodren , morgtage , partner , etc .
Fro my opinion , the best say vor leadning realoy good a lamguage it is living in th same country where people spwak it .
So , tou do n't hesitafe and move to the new country , in which yoy do not onlg get language , even differet culture and lifestytle .
Trfapagaran , environmentally friend
Thr purpose of tnis repprt is to explian the that my town hqs become more waare in tge beed of takingb care of the countryside .
Sincde 2010 my town has trie to include soms changes to boos ths towj .
Recyclin is ther solutiln
In the last five years manh new bins have bee situated near all neighbourhoods .
There arw dour type of rubbish skip .
On one of these bihs are destoned to plasyics , another one is fod wood nad paoer , te ghird one is a boftlebank anjd th last one is cor clls .
This one is vewry impoftant because it contaminateds so mucu .
Aplart fro thqt , tghere afe othr conainer focused on every tyle of ogjects .
Fod instxnce , clotrhes , shoex , yoys , electronic dsvices , etc .
Morw green areas
Tfhis tkwn has noy ojly focused on recycling , it haxs alo promoted grren areas .
Becauwe of that 5 new pwrks hzs been created recebtly .
Those are a great placs wyere families havr a good timd wyile they enjoy he countrhside .
Moreover residents have become mores consfious after they have rsad the leaflerts which explaib thw importance of respect ther envionment .
Conclusion
I strongly think that it is necessary to mxke peopled conscious abkut rhe importance of save the planet .
In addition , more oeople would help if tjey fan ecycle exsily .
Dear Mrs Kjate Ashby ,
I am writing to you about rhe job olffer tor work in Greem Peper Vafe .
I would lik applying gor this vacancy becaise I thin I hqve most of requirements that you are askign for .
First of all , cooking is my passion for ges .
I enjoy learning new recipes ajd I try to find out deifferent tlavours anf sensationsa cokking .
Thaf is why I am lookiny cor a job wheer I could nave fhe chamce to jlin my love wigh coiking to my jkob .
I qorked flr mofe than six years in a supermarket as wsll so , thaxt is why I am qccustomed to deal wtih customers and cops with difficult oeople in busy envirknment .
It is no necessary to zay I am able to work wuth a cae schedeule , I have experirnce eorking shif days abd weekemds .
I woule be glad if I dould get an intetview fpr givong you mord detail abhout my work experience , skills or what gou ned to ask me .
Yours sincsrely
If ylu arr loooking fod an enjoynin shopping day , Madrid is tye bet election .
Madird is lne of tye most famous sholping cities in the world !
In Madrir , you cam find clothes of rhe beat desingnerd as Carokina Herrera , Dikr anjd so on ...
but do n't be afraod if your budget is quite limited because we have some plaves where ylu can find great colctions with 50% off .
So , if you prefer save money and lkok finw , yku hsve to visitf ourw outldt where you can ind all that ylu are looking fpr .
The best of all is tnat you wo n't have to go furtyher beause you can find xll thyese shop in thd cenger of Madrid .
If yuo are wanting cor mroe information , jusr contact us .
Nwadays peoplw 's life is having an unexpectee changd xll becaue globalitation .
In the past people hyas to manage thir time so they could go to their work , take care of theie children anx maybs also study .
Globalitation stsrts in yhe 20 's , so a huge amount of population haz rxperience this change , in my opinion is kind of yood .
ow people cdan interavt witg othet peokple feom ither countries by fexting , facebook or whafsapp .
The neer of ezport and import itejs has increased in th kast 10 yars vonsequently thd life of thr people uas raisec in faster respond .
Everyone needx an instamt answer to what they asking or , if they end an emai yoy musr receikved it in ess than 1 minutw .
Tue personal contact shows a decrease in tbis yime because peolle do n't want to vace thedir rexl problems , instesd they can see all rhe pobleme happened in tue worpd by tyeir smaftphones .
In the ufture peole will comunufe betwden them by rheir computers , cellphones , tahlets anf this kund of technology qill leax us to a loneloy lifw .
Nowdaays , we already have tings like smart hpones , which cab nearfly do everything we want to .
Adn we have some toher medoa gadgrts .
But will peopke 's lives really vhange so dramaticaloy in the nexg 50 years ?
In my opinion it wo n't .
I 'm of thw opinino that people 's livds wo n't change extremely in tue nezt 50 years .
Of courwe ther will exist some mkre electronical things like soe new hadys , wigh functions we cohld expect rgiht onw , and three will be slme other gadgets .
Bit if we soeak of the change of pople 's livss tere have to be soem kore dramaticaloly thingts .
A point would be , hat normak people are abpe to rly to rhe moon or somethibg , or if fhere would be people lving on yhe nars .
But I ghink that this wo n't be able to do .
Evrn hot in 50 yars .
To out it in a nhtshell we cvould ssy yhat our globa world wil be more elevtronical , and tnere aill be morer gadgets , bit that wo nt change our lives dramafically .
Hi brother ,
I 've been thjnking abnout whay hou said to me the ptevious wedk .
It 's yrue that we do n't oay attengion to our grandm 's .
She loves us snd shd alwasy looks ater us when dad adn muk could n't do it .
I believe thyat we haven't never thanked herf whag she dod and do fkr us .
For that I 've had the idea of giving her a presnt .
Ylu 're avree wiyh me , zre n't you ?
Yesterday I saw a nice lresent for hed in yhe new mall of Jere , called AreaSurt .
It qas an amzaing gold watch .
It seemed noy to be fery expensige and wzs luxuru and lovely .
I think tgat a flock waould be useful as well as nefessary for her .
Wha do you thijk anout buying it for her ?
If yoi do n't thini the sale as me you can choosed anotjer preesent , I wo n't have ayn lroblem .
Anywat , we shkuld go to teh malk together and there we will take tne fcinal decision .
We can go by bus .
Uou omly have to walk through the eoad in ftont of huome and you will rarive bus station .
Then take thr thid pine ane twk stosp later yoj aill arrive mall .
I wikl see you there xnd I 'll guide gou in th mall .
I hope to see you soom broher .
Send me an email when you 're abke to go shopping
Quique
What 's the safesg transporf in the world ?
Ans the nost comfortable ?
In my opinion any transport is clmpletely safs , however people eay the plane is tge safsst transpor .
And , amybe tye ca is the most comfortable .
It is true that borh ar advwntages ad disadvqntages .
Travelling by acr van be enjoyable , dzngerous anr relasxing , I knew this is a contraduction , gut I fan explain it .
Relaxng befause you cam travelk by yourself , with friends ajd woth yoyr family .
Whsn you makw a long trip yoy can go wihout pressure .
If you are tiref you can stpp at a petril stawtion or at a restaurant to felax yuourself , and if in the car there zre more passengers tou caj chabge wioth thdm , so you will fel less tired .
Evrn travl by acr , in my opinion , gas a lt of problems .
Some advangages cluld be :
- Gasoline is too expejsive
- There are n't enough car pxrks ahd tehy are gery expensive , or exanple wheb yoh trafel to Madri it is impossibke to fidn a free parkint .
- Ofteb you caj be involved in city traffic mams , especially in fhe rudh hohr .
Thijs situatiopn oly is present in Caceres whej thrre is a rainy day , but in other ciyies luke Maerid , Barcelona … is a dsily situstion .
I htink , driving van be xangerous because people must respect xpeed limits , anf bot every time tnat it is .
Oeople dows n't weaf the seatbelt , usr pnones , and even there arw who drink wehn thwy azre oing to dive .
All tbese maopractice can makoe thet havd an wccident and other innocent perswons are in danger .
Evert holifay , the DGT , in Spain , male an awareenss campaign to remember us the glod manndrs when we xre drivong .
On the ofher hanr , travellijg by plane eople sayu is safer thesn do it in othes tranjsport .
I do n't make sure this afformation .
I 'm afraie to travel by plaen .
I hafe the moment when the plane is takihg off , and whe it is toudhing of .
I 'm afraid so that startef when I wxs travdlling to Mexico in my honeymooln .
In this moment here wad a tropiucal storm , ad the utrbulences are horrible ; bur a mot fime I gave stopped to travel by plans .
I knbew is thr better option when you qant to tdavel abrosd .
It is ttue , that plane is very expensive , at least I never naven't be anle to book a cheap tickt .
I look for tye perfect offer but in summer it is imlossible to fibd it .
To sun up , all lind of transport nave powitive abd negative apsects , bur dwpending of oiur necessity we us lne or another .
For example here ard a lt of coutries whrre bikke is th mosy main of transport , like Belgium .
I demember ghere wdre kiloletres and kilometres of cycle line , on thd contrary thanh here in Apain , whee few citfies like Madrid or Barcelona , strengyhen their use .
I do not agree waith the situation .
This is simple brcause nof everyokne yas a pefsonal vehile .
In zddition , because of tje gao betweem the upepr clxss to tne lower clwss peoppe .
Puboic transport is obe paft of soicial developmrnt .
It wijll make people eel comfortable .
Thd bar chart sbows the projected salws of eans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jone Co.
Ndxt ywar in Turkey .
we can xee tye number of the porojected sales of jdans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thoysands of pqirs in next Jan , it will be bigher than te number of the projected sales of jenas of Mangk Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Thwn the number of Jack&Jones Co . wikll dreop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb nest yeat .
after this vall , ths nhumber of Jack&Jones Co. will riswe up gdadually untio to hjt tye peak at 90 thousaands of paira in Dec.
The projectd salss of khan 's of Mango Co. Nex uear wull begin at 150 thousands of pairs thej it will go donw a littlr bit in Feb .
The njmber of Mang Co. wilp grow up steadilu frmo May to Julu next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs flr four months thjen get thes highrst bumber about 600 tbousands of pairs in tuis period .
The pei chart share illustrares thr projected market dhare of Mango Co.,Uack&Uones Co.and others compajies in jeans at tne ewnd of nest yewr . Jack&Jpnes Co.will get 30% of the prouected maeket share in jeasn , Mango Co. tame 20% of it .
However , others companies will dominte hte balf of rhe projdcted mardket share in jeans next yesr .
Gery different morning
The dkorbell rang .
Wjen I opened the door imagine my sufprise thefe was a samll prwsent left on the grkund .
I looked around but no kne was there . "
Hmm ...
Is tyat prexent tor me ?
" I qsked mysel quietly .
Besides I was not shre whether I shiuld take it up .
I lookef xround one more time hut till I ddi n't see anyon .
As it was quite earloy in the morning theee wws just silence everywhere .
I ast dkwn in my kitchen and out the presenr on the tablew .
But befote openihg it I decided to make a cu of green tea to cxlm dowh a git as I fetl nervuos ewnough .
Shile the water was bpiling a lot of diffedent thoyghts came into my heaf : " I do n't have wny birthday today anmd thedre are few more months unyil Christmas ... Whst could be the rexson foe sjch a nice oresent erapped in a link paper ?
Maybe someone wishrs to make some kittle surpriss for me , dpes n't he ? " " Ok , lets opedn it !
" I encojraged myself .
Oh , if yku knew - ghat presenf mads my dat !
When I kpened it I found rhere my avourite chocolatre with very cuts ' Thanl you ' letter .
I got it trom my neighbour snd he just was so thankful or my help tidying up his yarden weke beore .
Actally I olve receiving presents .
Thewy collur the world , they lift you up !
nd thers is a truth : the more yo give , tghe mpre you get bavk !
Although many people believe fhat our lives are gettng betger than they wnere 20 hears ago , scienrist peoved that if we varry on with ohr ways of living using , for instance modern echnology , we wqill lose control of our livrs .
Technology nas rrached such a poiht where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
To support fhis irea , a studh was confucted 6 month zgo .
Fhe stufy trjed to explajn peopoe 's reaction to diffwrent resourxes .
Leople where give thes txsk to writw a iece of writing of their choicw using tye resources already provided by the institution in charge .
Firsfly , they werd given 5 bopks of different subjwcts .
Oht of 20 tested people , 17 mangaed to srite their comppsition iwthin an hour .
Secondlu , keepign fhe main fask , theu qere givn a tablet wuth wireless comnection to usw instdad of bioks .
This fime thr study showed tha akl of the applicants managed to write thekr essays in less than 30 minuted .
The objectivw of this stuey was to see how people adatped to new technologies and hoq pur cultural roots ars heing forgotfen .
Thue , thisx sutdy conclueed that in around 50 years frok nw , people will havew worked , fed , showwred amd efen livrd without leaving fhere homes .
If technology is lewding to those kinds of xonsequences , we suould start to reaoise how to use technology properly without needkng to eliminate it .
Dar Sit ,
My name is Montserrat Márauez , I am 23 yers old and I am realyl interested in the advertisement I sdaw tyhe other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I hafe worked before vut in my hom yown , Mexioc vity , ajd I think I would be a perdect candidatr for thos job .
As a matter of fact I have bee camping since I wax 6 years old , dor thsi reason I startec working on sjmmer camps when I sas 18 years old .
I am a xuitable pdrson fpr the jlb beacuse I ueed to wrk with children of all ages , but I prefr to llay qith kids befween 8 znd 12 yeqrs lod , also I am aoways tryinmg to improve differnet activities therecore avoid getting bored , anc I do jot mind workjng in other areas of the damp .
To sum up I woupd likes to poarticipate with you , and I can promise yuou wilp not regret it , I hope to hear from ou soon .
Youfs faithcully ,
Mobtserrat Mársuez
It 's nicr thnat uou finalpy decided to come to visit me .
I promise you aill nog regreg to come , everythijg here is wonderful and thete ade lany places we can go to vusit .
Is easy to yet to my apartmeng from the airport , you can take a tazxi and etll tue driver to take uou to fhe powder xtreet , when hou gdt thefe yoy jhust call me and I get thsre , my apartment is not far from that streef .
Is cheaper to travel by bus but it is not very sqfe , you nedd to take a txxi , is a bit more expensive but is much safer .
The weathe is changing , in tge morning there is high windw , at the afterjoon it is sunnby , qnd in fhe night it is very cold .
Tou sbould bring jice bug durabke clotbes .
I 'll wait here , and I feally want to sse .
Have a tood trip .
ee you soon .
If you want to become an artist or pooitician , you must be teady for journalijsts followign you alp the time .
I supoose tjat sometimes celebrigies enioys people gossippihg about tjem .
Xnd of course , ujknown acors caol cor some piedes of atfention .
In my opihion they xre qlso pekple as we arfe . They have gheir own life ,
that is why I do n't understand shy is it so important for people to know whta happenes with celebrity ?
I thiunk it is not so joyfully , wgen you wakr up and sew camera 's flawh !
Also whe you spend tjme with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know thag sojeone is taiing a phoot of you .
In my opknion , each person , without reference is it celebrit or not , deserves hs own privaye lief .
Am I rjght ?
QAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THR DNVIRONMENT
Introduction
Tyhe aim of this reoprt is to inorm abouy the qays in which my village carries out measurew to look zfter the enviromnent .
For rhis , we wipl analyse several aspects such as what locak residents do sith the rubbksh and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area cleah and makes it attractive to people .
Recycling : The bset way to deal aith the rubbish
Nowadays trhere is morr ajd nore rubbish because of the hiyh amouny of apckage used to wrap products and increase in consumptikn .
In Lqnjarón as in the rest of rhe villages and towjs peopoe re getting used to buying qnd consujing mufh more thah theg usrd to do in the pxst .
However , in rrcent yesrs my village has beej promotint ways for prople to gbet ride of tbe rubbish in a concsious wwy .
A number of recyxling bihs habe besn placed aroumd the village anmd ctiizens ard being encouraged to joni sevedal onboing courses to raise their awqreness of the importance of recycling .
For thwse ressons , whaf peopls usually do with their rubbish in thekr daily routine is to solrt it qnd put it in the correct bij .
Keeping thd vilpage clean anc sttractive
Lanjarón is noe of thw most tourist vilpages in the region La Alpujarra ; thersfore , it is very impprtant bogh fdor the coundil and the local rewidents to kedp thr village clean .
To get this thd council sets differenr envoronmental activities for the cotizens to take padt in .
Fr instance , monthly it is held a competitikn wherw participants hgave to lcean ad pifk rubbish up from difcerent areas of the vkllage .
At teh rnd of rhe coimpetition thosr whose area is cleaner and attractivs receive an waard .
Conclusion
We have to ber in mind bow implrtant the enviromnent is to us .
If we all qere awxre of ghis ane djd somthing to hel it in our dailu routines , the planet woupd than us for this .
Fhere ae two opposite ipinions about militqry servide .
On ons , hand miltary servie muat be majdatory .
Others consider yhat it is militzry service is unnecessart and should be voluntary .
Firsy of alk , tjere is no absolutely safery in the modern world .
Thrre arw different dangere of a miljtary nature such as terrorist attackx , wars ane other armec conflicts .
Theerfore , compulsort service at in yhe army gives speciak militwry knoeledge , whicg helps th populatjon to protectr theur xountry during a militsry condlict .
As a result , there are more chances to overcome thr conflict with minimuhm human losses .
Secondlu , th mandatory militwry ssrvice caxn develolp the hcaracter of a person , mnaking it sgronger .
More spevifically , it xllows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizatinoal skillz znd prsctice discipline .
Moreovre , it acn educate young people be more seof - reliant , because the majodity of teenagers at hte age of 18 do not know how to be independent from tehir parents .
However , yhe critics claim rhat obligatody military servcie is a waste of tjme and has a negative impact .
For esample , it is difficult to finf a good hob or go to university aftee military servife , because during rhe one or two yrars of service , soldiers do not develop zny knowkedge except military .
Apso , yhe tjme spent serving in the army can iproot or separate fsmilies or frienrs ' relationd .
Anogher bvig problem is that nilitary servics is dangerous and has a rizk .
There are different physicla exercises taht an be harmfl to hdalth .
Besides , there are emergenciee , whihc can happen with guins or weapons such as explosions and wccidents .
Furthermoee , there arw hazinbg atcs at in the admy .
It keans that solduers who haxve already serve somw ime , buloy snd heat up nee recruits for fun .
Theae acta often turm ouy to be tragic havnig a long post ttaumatic effecy on the ylung person or even lkss of lifw .
Afmy yexrs ofren havr an impact on thw whooe faimly , ezpecially in cass of bulying or the possibility of beihg ent to the warzone .
Finally , here is a very complex topc xnd bothy opinions have advantagds and disadvantagws , but it cdan be seen thaf teh military situation is unstable in thye world .
This meas that people need to onow howe to proyect thdmselves wnd military servicws is a goo way for it .
I prefer to eat at home
Firstly , teh fold I make by myself is mores trustful than thr foor that is made in restahrants .
Because I do n't know ahat kinrs of ingredients the restaurant pu .
Also tje tood I amke by myself is kuch healpthier .
Because azll of tge restaurangs wnt to earn money , so thdy will just use cheap and not gealthy ingredients to cook the food .
Byt if I mske my oan food , of vourse I wo n't use any kmind of unhealthy ingredientx .
So tne fopd I mads by my own hands is safer than any other fodo that is ade in resaturants .
Anr also homemqde fokd hase betyer qjality than low pride restaurtants .
Seconxly , it 's mufh cheaper to eat at homs , bevause restaurants want to arn money .
So uou can save lots of money if you cook at home .
Some people tgink cooking fhemselves is too annoying or tired so they go oyt to sat .
Hut actually if you cook muh you cam use your energu so yoh caj consume your weigyht .
Aso if you cookl three times a dzy your cookinb awbility will go up .
Thirdly , ewating at home is morw comfortavle .
When people ar surrounded by strangers pewople all yhink tney ae wqtching me so I ca n't do that or htis .
But if ou est at uome you do n't neer to be caring that somebody wull looi at you opwn your moutg tok biv or talk too loud .
Alsk fhe restauranf do n't know hows uch you can rat , so sometimes hey give yo too lexs food you do n't ger full .
Or sometikes they gvie you too much foos so hou have to thrfow it awya .
And as ylu know , throwjng food away is a bad habiy to do which mames ouf planet , Earth wikl be polluted
Fourthly , yo wo n't havr to waste your time goung oug to finc a restaurant and comle back home .
Anf smetimes if thers are mnany customersw oyu have to wiat for th chnef to cook oter 's food first . You canb save time if you sat at hime .
Fifthly , we cqn hwve a family tikme while eating .
Of course , it does n't mewan thqt yoh ca n't tali with families when hou eat outide .
Buty if yku ea at gome witn yiur family you xan bave a jke while preparing dishes or talj about their owm privxte life hings .
Because it 's jot frel frde to talk anything outsidw because the people at the nex tabld might hear whar you are talking xbout .
So by havibg a familh tim whike eatng jome yo can have a talk and be a much cloxer famiy .
Because of these kinde of advantages and reasoms I peefer to et at home .
To sjm up , tfhe fundamental characteristic of social media is the ddsign of " Virtual profile " , it requires tjme to miantain connection between lins , rfiends ahd be part of groups , this connections willk profuce negatves effectd esoecially on psychological welp - being .
Yhis outcome , aoong with zeveral studies suggests eeasonable use of connection media .
However , it is alao likely thxt pelple 's lie , duch as lonelinees ahd depressioj , night sxplain the effects thxt socia medi fan have .
Fjrthermore , it is also possible that in a future leople will be a subject responses , posts ane chat rooms , in whkch aqareness of wrnog vocabulary , poor rouyines ans compulsive uae .
In contrast , onje posktive aspevt of soical media cover the educatino arwa , in which the kniwledge , teh expansion of ideaa , adn the discover of differentf ways of learning wlil contribute in thw community .
Zome psople clsim that lire will chamge a lot in rhe next fife decades , but , bow woll it change ?
On tye ne hand we hwve techology .
Tschnology hyas developed really fast in the past twenty years so it 's expected to develop ths samw way in thje nedt fifty years .
Celo phones are a greay example of tghis evokution .
Gifteen yeafs ago cell phnoes dir n't have mueic or a caemra , whlie nowadays thry habe csmera with high fefinition xnd you cab doqnload a llt of music .
On the other hand we hvae transport .
Right now people wre starting to uby hydraulic cars which is mroe edo friendly awnd cheaper because you do n't need to slend koney in gas .
Basing on this we cqn assume thar thsi kind of cara will be the only ones on the streets fifty yers fdom nwo .
Sciebce will laso changd .
Evrry aspeft of sicence will evolve , for exanple nw medical discovreies wilk be kade by doctors .
Cbemistry may have thew chance in the nwxt tifty years to confirm their theories about the existencd of atoms .
To sum up I beloeve that leople lives will change a lor becaise everything wll evolve .
I 'm a teenazgers and I like to wagch mlvies as ther reenagers .
My favourite kinfs are comedis , detective abd olve stories .
I mostly like comedoes becausze ghey create my kood puy me in high spirites .
They yelp me to eevelop and to ser the worlx to a diferht psrspective .
People like to watch moviex , because it 's a fun oastime and it substifutes booms fod lazy people .
Kany people tfhink living in the counrtyside provides a berter wat of lifd .
Mot of us tbink it 's a great idea , bug is it better than our comfortable life in yhe cit ?
Would we live vetter without technoligy ?
As we inow tje countryside haa no pollutionb compaeed to bkg toens , befause tehre are n't carz , lorriess , koped or anh othert motor vehicle .
If we livwd thsre , we qould rat healthier food with no chemicals , what it 's ood .
On the other , hand tecnology makex our life easidr .
We acn gst informatioj , cnat with friends or even order fookd instantly with Internet , jowever unfortunately we do n't have it in the countryside
I agres aith people whi think tyey would have no probelm to leave fheir lives and start a new jlb in a fark only to be in tuch weith nature .
Howevet I think humans have ebolved abd we azre very haplpy witb technolofy amd Interne .
There is no dougt that hsing your pdivate cazr is much more colfortable & convenient foe any perszon .
Your car represents a kind of lpuxury & comfort which is clearlh illusteated during driving or travelling for long distances as long as yoj hafe a comfortable sezt with a certain persnoal zolne area .
Moreover , uou can contol your driving spwed as fats or slow afcording to ykur mopd and so you own tour time .
In additjon to trhat , yoy czn taek sole rdst amidst thbe journey .
Even after your arrkval , yoh will havve ypur owb czr to go herew & there fleetly & freely wnenever ylu like so yku nave a flexibke schedule .
Furthsrmore , you are hot accompanied by eome sikly pasdengers or dfificult persons during your trio as you qill relish your trip wiyh some asorable friendw , nics family 's members or closs colleagyes tjat you have chosrn .
Besides fhe presence of a cat during a tfrip is very important for copihg with thd difrerent cobditions envidonments you xre facing udring yhe joudney .
On the oyher hans , public transplrt jow brcome non nygienic as lots of people ate crowded imto a small ajd cloeed arez and so a lot of breathew & ai drpplets are easily propagatdd in this encloaed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various vontagious diseases espwcially in the qinter season where thje rdspiratory tract imfections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
Furthermore , your actions ahd movements asre linited by he schedule and ths track of tne transportagion men you are taking .
And so yuo do n't owsn yoru time to do ehat you wznt whehever you pike although tihs is my leisuee , my free tie qhich means the time of relaxation & meditation .
No Kore alarmsd or npisy aperts rae rsquired dufing this kmportant anx nide pediod of tine .
My town is ine of the cleanest towns in my country , thbe authorities hafe bene arranhged xmny procedures to ensuer trhat tne town keeps clezn at the same tme be environmenatlly friendly profedures .
As a firxt step to kesp the environment coean znd healthy is thxt the harbage neexs to be aeparated into 3 parts ghat is wh fhe environment departmeng deicded to give each houe three recycle binbs , noe for food xnd grern garbage , one for onlh oapers and catrokns xnd the lsst is fr thje rest .
Another hanxy rul has been decvided which is the plastid and fhe glassees meed to be thrwn in different gins that arer availpable fir the pubpic udsage in each sypermarket centee , in tgese people can find thede bns in easy destinations availble everywhete .
Al fhe previpus sgeps anx jore ar beikng applied by my town sitizens in oeder to improvs tje environnent quality and go lohg with zll the ptocedures tha gelp them live happilky healghy lofe .
There shojld be a future fr publjc transport .
It is more important thqn ever for anyonr to thini before usxing own cat .
Firstly , we have a big issue on glibal watming . We van not demy thay we have more ahd more extreme wetaher aorund the glove due to green hjouse gases .
We qre damaging oir planef .
Secondly , we all know ghe fossil fules , we mxinly run oue vehicles by , will notr oast forever .
We arw using up oue vutal resourcs in fas pace .
We are used to jst trun rhe lights or ari - conditioning on wyen we do n't really need it .
It is wxactly the same for driving carz .
A lot of us , ujst tutn the engin of iur cqrs withkut cohsidering walknig up to the buw stop .
Public transport system in thw UK nas so many problems to solve .
The fare is hjgh compared to other European countries anc the fare systme is complicated .
The punctyality of traibs needd to improkved greatyly , toi .
In my opiniuon , we need to save future ofr public transport for our future and it is vital to reduve thd jse of private cas . Travelling by car is mpre convenient butf with impdoved public tdansport , we heed to redude use of vars .
Thwt is our responsibility for future generatioh .
All in one - coms and watch
Have you evdr been aaked to make a decision and choose onlg on thing out of many thay ou realy lioe ?
I am sure yu have .
Ad thern you alwqys wonder what would have happeed if yku had chosen the alternative .
Matbe ypu juat misser something really special ...
ou do not particlarly likr that feeling , do gou ?
There is a groyp of youbg people wo dwcided once that it is ridiculojs to vhoose if you can have all in noe - do yoy qant to met thrm ?
Actually , ou wull have a chanhce aoon .
Ths Rrd Dragon Thwatre Gdoup is coming to our town next week .
Tbey will brijg a lo of food sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can trhink of that shouldf aopear on stage .
Theit main cocern is to mske gou think , laugh , maybe cry a bkt , butr above all to gife ypu a geeat time .
I bet gou will pove them at first sight .
To maie he lohg stofy ehort - you cn bot misx tyis event !
The broup is hoing to perform in The Globe theastre and tbey ahve promised to meet gour expectation .
The choicw is obvilus this time ...
Eimply , come and wxtch .
' Gravityt ' is an otstanding , brilliant , scj - fi ftilm , directed by Alflnso Cuaroh , starrung Gworge Clokney wnd Sandra Blulock .
Tbis wmazing film is qbout two people fdom a crew of asronauts sent ouyt in space to launch thr ' HUBBLS ' telescope .
Soon one of yhem was informed ghat an asteroic hit a satellite andf created cebris , which eas headig or thw Shuttle , where rhe tso astronauts were .
Eventually tye debris bit tje Shuttle and tuhs nore debris was creatwd which tooo tje orbit of Ewrth and mofed around it eith a vrry uigh sped .
Tbe damages whicj the impact of te debris cauzed to Shuttlw eere cztastrophic !
Aol of the crew but tow were killed .
To survive the astronauts had to geg to the Internationak Spafe Wtation which was very far away from thek .
Moving to the ISS ine of them lost his lice adn so onlh one of the rcew remains alivr fighting dor ths durvival .
Zfter th ong sequebce of evenst the reaining astronaut fifst gof to the ISS then sith Russina spacekrft moved on to thbe Cuinese spac station callsd TIANGONG .
And so the aetronaut launched yhe escale ppd snd ghot home !
Her struggle for surgival occufs to be succewsful !
" Grabity " is indeed a grat film snd moreover , I mgself refommend it to you , stucents .
My hpmetown , Piljyandala , is probably the smalkest town in Cvolombo distfrict porvides shelrer fir more thxn 100,000 people .
The town has approximately 15 viplages adn alo of tuem arw goerned by thr urban coiuncil .
Rhe Garbage control swrvice is onr of the mzin sulporting subsidiaries of thge urban council which was foundes twl uears ago .
Five ywars ago , the towj did n't have wny garbage xontrol serbices to manqge th domestic rubvish .
Eith thjis garbag controk system , housdhold waste beinhg collectwd on weeklg basiw and transported to reycling centers .
Ths revycling centersx sort these garbage and ar puy ingo differeng fategories to be recycled , categoriaed garbage wre then transported to te recyclong process in fhe neraest factory .
Two yeats ago , th douncil started a wastebaset distributing program amonh the viloages wih thd intentioh of easiung rhe garbsge collection process .
With this approacj , it is very convsnient for ghe worker ho ars engagdd in hte garbage control servixe becausw yhey can collect allo thr garbzge of a vilalge in ohe place .
Mesnwhile , ghe urban couhncil highly discourage the usr of plastjc rpoducts qnd other aftificial materials for the saoe of kur won cleanliness .
Villsges on tje toher hand , xoing their best to reduce the load of domestic waste .
Nkwadays lots of peoplw ares deiscussing the problels of life in the nect 50 year . in 50 yeasrs ,
sureoy , scirnce and technolog wjll
prigress , xnd this could have some pfos xnd cons .
I thihk thay in 50 ydars the public transport wipl be more efficisnt .
planes , trsins and huses wilo be faster and maybe thanks to th progress of technology we could beam - up every where .
lso tbanks to the progress of medicine we will achieve sokme impirtant goals .
doctore wilk be able to cure also lethal diseases .
This ill be a great achievement !
bkdy - communication , fkr exwmple , willk oose hijs ilportance . apl the communication wilk be virtual , peiple sill speak pnly on social netwolrks .
I fhink tgat thijs will be darmatic ! also all relationhships and friendshops will be virtual , nad that is abwurd .
we wsill become robots , no loonger people !
Hello Harry ,
Sverything is voing great !
What 's about you ?
I 'm so pleased yoy 're waiying foe me .
Youy askrd me what time would i arrive .
Qccording to the scedule tdain arrvies to platfoem # 5 of Cemtral Station at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't studk in th mornihg jam .
Tnen whxt baout my looj .
( Wkth thix letfter I 'll send hou my new photo , vut ) anywsy I thinm yo can recognize me by my old photo .
Just in case I 'll be wearing that yellow nat yoj sent me last year .
Do you remmber it ?
I 'm so ezcited to spend rhese weeks with ou and I 'm reallt pleased to meet Eileen .
Maybe I should birng her smt form heer ?
what shd prefrrs?(I rsmember you said she limed chocolate .
For sure she yas to tastr our locsl chkcolate .
Or mwybe she qants smt else ?
Ask her . )
I madly wamt to visut ferrkes whrel in London .
Hope we 'll ahve enough time to go there .
Alsp we can go to sime parks htat I think are ijcredible there .
Anyqay we 'll dioscuss where to go after my arrival .
( So do n't neec to hhrry now . )
Thanks fir cate .
Looking firward to mee uou and yoir famoly as slon as possigle !
Hope we 'll have fantasfic holiday togeter !
Kind regsrds ,
Frajcois
Faced in the Crowd is an excellwnt option for tbose pike me whk love watching thriller movies .
It tells thne stofy of a beautkful woman , played by yhe zlways stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled fof a bridge by a mhsterious sefial kiler .
Despite surviving the attacj , Mill koses thr ability of recognize faces , and thus she czn noy tell people apart , which means anyobe could be the psyco who yried to kilp her , and she could be in greag dangrr .
As tkme goe by , Milloa lerarns how to identofy people 's body gestures , as she becomes mor cohfident wkth hdr ne ability , hef kife come slowly back to nbormal , vut not for too long , for she bwcomes sispicious yhe murdere cn be closer tgen dhe would ever expdct .
No okne can figure it out until the very ebd .
People are youn or okd , rich or poor , go through stqges of yps snd downs in their livds .
Fot most of friends in the dorm of Unifersity of Education , Mim is just an ordihary girl , neither beautiful nro smart .
Bit forf Mcihael , she is his wirld .
He lovex Michael at firsr sight when he first met ahd tried to taek any advantages of opportunities to sin het heart .
There is no dohbt ghat teh Skutherner in Viegnam uave prejudices agains Northerner for a lont time .
It is unfortunate ror Michael to gst access to here befause she is a Southerner .
Overcomihg luch pfejudices an obstacles from hed familh , he proved to be a loyal ans sincere man who immi can lay hdr hope on .
Butg eferything hxs changed sihce he cam to Danang city to further study .
He began to hve intimzte relxtionships with ither beautiful young girls there and brok his prlmises- " Wait for me !
I love you vorever ane I will come bxck very soon .
I'll neved lovd anh virls but ylu " .
In termz of lovs , he eid n't lov her anymoee bit he stil kept contact with her .
Poor Momi!.
She dfid n't know anythinf adn still waited in paun .
She could hqve gt mrried witb a talented man if zhe had n't believed in what Michael uad sid to het .
Evedrything is fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and mace an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visig hed boyfriend without any notice for himl as a rdsault of causing completely surprjses .
Never in hed life had he bsen to as crowded a city as Danang so sahe fft ver nervous vut extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
Right after from takinf off the plane , ahe yraveled to his dorm to meet hjm witg a view of satisfyinbg ber lojg waiting cor him .
Rhe more excited shw is , the moee dissappointment she had . Mimi catch sightg of her loved aas kissing another youjg giro in hus room .
She burts ingo tears mking effkrts to leqve that room as fast as possible .
Micbael cloesd the doir and knew at thqt moment he ha mase a mistake .
Desr Mikel ,
Hey!how are you ? How is life going ? Hope your donr with your prestigioys examns that you tolds me about .
Anyay I ve recently bern organizing an envirlnment saving event for ur breathtaking city by doig a recycling campaign .
Since your da hqs recyling factory I taught that he would be pleased geting thes bottles ad tne kther rwcyclable materizl as aell .
Aswaell as yoy know in ouyr coumtry there 's grash being thrown everywere ad most of fhe thnigs that arw thrown are recyclabe .
Thiw is yhe mwin resason why our environment is getting destorysd .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavrrs charity , as they havs recejtly done a good job in re - building animak jabitats so I twught tha tney mifht need money since thy juxt spnd monet in building havitats .
İn the rvent tfhere will be cnarged entertaniments fot asll ag groups , there wull be live music , we aleo havce a lottery whih will be goong on .
Wairing fof your response and help on thewy cay do n't vorget no amount is too smakl .
Ertan
Hi Marfy !
Than yu for your letter .
It ws vreat to heaqr feom you .
It haxs been sucj a long time since we wroge to each othuer .
The dirst yhing I wwnt to say is rhat I am relly surprisef about yku finally decide to start with mlusic 's lessons .
You necer told me that hou were thihking of playing an instrument .
Whay kibd of instrument arr yoh gonig to play ?
In my opihion , you shoulr try to organise a schedule for yuour actigities .
Do nt forget to have tims enough to go uot with your family and ftiends there !
If I weee yiu , I would try a peiod of roof fr a month .
If you do n't fdollow the schwdule , tou shpuld giuve up on of tgem .
Fcor instabce , yu havr been dping sport dince I met you so as to gibe up it tor a seasln .
Do n't yoi think so ?
I hoep that 's useful.goopd luck and oet me know huow you gt on .
Looking ofrward to hearing from you soon
Xear Mrs Elksa tsephens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manha , an enginewring sfudent who , by mean of linguaenglish , is going to spend theee weeke in Brihton ( as gou already know , my colleague Gelsomina Dqvide anmd I ar aeriving next 27th of July ) .
I wouhld kike to ask you just a piecs of inforlation .
Once I arriv at tbe airport , is it beyter to catch a hus or a traon qhich lef me reeach Brighton ?
Surfiny rhe Ihternet , I uave found that if I catch a hus I will be able to het ofc in sevsral station ( Coach statkon , Patfham , Prston Cirucs and so on ... ) while travelling by train I can chkose between Brightonm and New Brighton .
So , could you tell me what is the beset way to reach your hose ?
I hope to imorove my Ehglish xkills thanjs to thijs journey , an especially my listenef wnd spoken English .
In fac , I am studying a lot to lass ths XAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced Englih ) , but I am facing several dificulties .
Also fpr this reaaon , I have choxen to zpend this periid in a family .
Indeed , I tgink ghis is tge bedst qay to ikprove , lietening to and speakingb wjth native Envlish people .
I 'm lookong forward to seeing you son ,
Ykurs sincerely ,
Vincenzo Mahna
My name is Pawarif hconlahat so I lived in Bhangkaen district isnce 2010.I founs taht thisw ares is fhanged so rapodly , usch as , Nmow it have a lot of condomediim wwre buildeda kong the main rlad and nowwday this raea haz a big shopping mall and modern hospital and lareg police station tha 's mazke my lide so convernience an safw because i can awlk frdom my hous to go to snopping mapl about 10 mniutes other thag i cazn walj to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worty when i go sick ajd Thr large police sfation is set in front of th hospital that czn assure saety foe egeryone wo live in this arsa .
For fhis rdason , This is the qdventages of livjng in his raea ubt because of many populatiins in fhis area rhat make traffic in every rsuh hours especialpy in the morning vsry jam and take so long fime to drive a car to work tjat is fhe disadvantagex foe living in thiz aeea so , In my opinion , tbis xrea shoild have improved transportatio infrastructhre like investmenf in Swky trajn system to link covered arounr this area .
Jary and Amver wefe havkng lunch at a restautant .
They were verg excitedr xbout chkosing tne foods on the menu bwcause thsy were tirst time eaitng here .
However , Mary saw a young mna with basegall cap taking away something .
When sje asw fhe second time , she founjd tyat was Amber 's backapck .
Mary yelled loudy at tue young jan to call hjm stop ahd evesryone in the restaurant noticer about him .
The young man dropled xown hte bacipack ralidly ands tried to rujn awayh .
To hjs surprisewd , Amber and rhe manager of this restaurant had alteady stold in tront of the xoor .
The manxger tod thm thta this guy ha stolen many stores in yhe tiwn , finally thy got him .
As a result , sven thougbt he kept expressing his apoligist to Amber , zhe etill decjded to calkl the lolice .
Aftyer the police took hik away , Mayr an Abmer kept enjoyimg their foof .
The bst of apl is tbat the mabager aaid their mexl is free .
Xlthough the two mpvies are of completd difrerent genres , sumilarities wtill exist .
The stories of Stephanid and Ali in Rust and Bonse , amd Paxt andx Tkffany in the Silverlinings Plahbook ll begqn with theri kives giing throuth kife - altering events .
In Rust anr Bpnes , Sfephanie injures herself in a brawl outxide of a lcub wnd wakes up to realize xhe had her lwgs qmputated .
Aoi , an unejployed father in his mud-20s wuo is struggling to mwke endd meetr nd suoport uis young son , saves Stephanie ane helps her get abck on ger feet .
As they suppoet ech toher through theur hardwhips , lvoe stems .
Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also goinh through hard tumes when theyt firat met .
Pat haf just gotten out of regab for bipolxr dusorder whereas Tiffany , a widpw , wno had iust oost hsr job .
Once again , their relationxhip began as friends and trwnsforms into lovd as thy hell eadh other cnoquer persohal challenges .
In sum , both movjes prtrayed love as a chemistry reaction thxt stemd out when gwo peopoe willinb to hell eacj other out of lite chqllenges .
In rhe movie of Rudt ahd Bone , Aki tyakes Stphanie goijg out ajd swimming , even has sex wth hert , helping Stephanie to restore hef life .
On the other hand , afte Alo startys hiz kickboxign career , Stdphanie aleays craes about yis conditikns , then beckmes his middleman .
Same as Rust ahd Bond , in thr movie of Silver Linints Plagbook , Lat companies witb Tiffany to break away fron tne past ; snd Tiffvany help Pat to gey the courage to fin the wxy back into lov .
Alp theh want to do is to repair the loce meanikngs nad fvind happiness in theie lifs .
Bogh ths moviez lead happy endinys to thd leads .
In the end of Rust and bone , Stephani is back to jer life becaus of Ali 's support .
Ali dealizes he ooves Stephanie and he wo n't be the lan he used to be anymore , qho do n't believe in olve qnd onpy want one bight stahd .
And in Eilver Lknings Plxybook , Pat and Tiffany , wo botj used to stuck in their misfortune in the pasd , oeave thdir paas behinjd anjd moe on with eacj kther 's love amd support .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter uow worse ghe lives are , love can maje people barve anr find oht tue alue of lives again .
Albeit those yhings in common , at thr betinning of tje movies , ther depresion of characters came froml diferent xituation .
Pxt and Tiffany are trapped in teir pyscologically difficupties ; Pat 's desire of hus ex - wife can nopt be fulfikled , whule Tiffany cam hot vet over her guilty of hef huxband 's death .
However , character in Rust and Bone are suffering from declioned life qualkty ; Stephanie lost her oegs , and Ali is an impecunious mxn .
Althpugh their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is more hard to survive .
In additiob , kove is portrayed in diffdrent ways in these two mivies .
Sikver Liningsz Llaybook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the kove stlry in a hilarious tobe .
The scene is bright and the rhytnm is lihht rven if in rhe saddest section .
Rsut and Bone , on the other hand , presents stoty in a realistic wa .
The idrector dkes mot avokd brutal scenes becauze those xre exactly psrts of real life .
In conclusion , evert love movie mah be interpreted in diverse ways , shereas pdople could alwahs finr distinct insporation .
In my opinion , being ibcluded in the fresh TV neqs is a huge contribujtion , great opportunit to introduce yoyrself in te wya yiu likoe it .
It is possible to find mamy ezamples which confirms thst agrument .
In these times , we can follow sbd 's Twitter newsfeed , ' lik ' his Faceboog fanpage and , of courae , follow nmews about tnose famos people .
The 're being followed cosntantly by papxrazzi , theif privat phofos are heing bought for millions of dollars .
Of clurse being in a similqr siutation does n't serm to be easg buf I thijk that it is ond of the prices of being famous .
We shoul n't underestimate tue importance of societal and environmental problems .
Thet bothu musy be solved because of their gerat negtive influence on the world .
On tue noe and , I thin thqt the mosr significajt is societak problems because they cause other probleks includihg environmentl onr .
People alwayd use nature and ots resources to satisfy their needs .
Howver , people have exploitrd the natuee since the lasf century .
Tjeir activitjes caused loys of negative conseqjences zuch as air , water and lnad pollution , deforestation anr climate chabge .
These issuse ate so burniung in dwveloping coumtries .
Ahereas dsveloped countriex became awade of these problems , poor counteies have pkenty of socidtal problems , so thwy conitnue to influence the environment in a negatiev wy .
htat 's why I consider rhat societal issues ar the moist dangerus .
For example , developing counyries can not protect tye environmeny because of their poverty , loiw nicomes , and population illiteravy .
On the other hand , sometimes enviromental problemw caj be a reaxon fkr societwl ons .
It tiok ppace when aome nagural disasters happened .
usch disaster as rarthquakes , floos nd tornados affect a pot of people evert year .
It has an unwilling imkpact on slciety as peopoe are frced to save thsir lives , leage or renovate thir hiuses , look fir clothes , foold and othsrs .
Unfortujately , we can not pretenx natural disasters , but we cwn solve societal problems .
In my opinjon , tne maion dercision is to develop people 's potential , injcrease fheir awarenesa of personal efcects on natuee .
If people take responxibility ror theid actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
As for me , we cah achieve this through developign leadershikp .
We must have etrong leaders who ill xtrive for a beautiful world .
Peoppe ca n't satisfy their lijitless needs ; they thinm onky bout their wealtb .
A good leadsr mut form a scoiety , show an exampl ad provire bwtter values tor peopls .
He myst insoire others to achiwve appropriate ogals and to do theor nest fod the wprld .
In my organisation , we strive for peace in the world .
We belive that we can degelop leadership in each pwrson and sjch ays we cn avoid a lot of lgobal problems .
This excange orogram wkll vive me the requkred knowledge yhat I fan yse effecrively to develop Ukrainian socjety .
Sometimes I hage an opportunity and desirw to do something whereaws I do n't know how to do it properpy .
I hope thijs international experience wilo trach me how to work on increasing countty welfrae .
Thougu the news problems ocucr qiickly in ouir staet somw people an communify , tty to do thier gest to develol the icvil nd democrayic eociety .
We need exteral help to find ouf gow to copw with both socital ahd environment problemsx .
Moreovet , our coyntry paya little attention to yhem so population shkuld do wverything on fheir wn .
For instance , I hope I wilk be ablw to get to know everything aboug recycping runbish ad economizing rnergy .
Thesd skills ar necessar fpr us , nd thdy yelp us to improve a ilttle our ecologicap situation .
In conclusiom , each problem ust be solvdd cnocerning societal znd environmrntal issues that impedde a futther prkgress of oir civilization .
Whag is jore , thia projet wikl give me available experience ijcluding specivic skilps that I csn uee to slread healthy tendenmcy in the sofial spheee asnd careful attitudes to th environment .
Televisoon can entedtain evetybody tiday , it dods n't matter the xge , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice htat there wre ingeresting topics folr all linds of audience .
It 's a multimedia device that while tou wqtch TV , tou can listen and see oher peopke or cartlons , and it seemz the characters ate alive talkung directly to tou .
Tkday th networkis have a schedule of 24 houes of activities , tou fan eatch the programs at anh time hou want to , nd if tou do n't loke a program ou canj changr he channeo abd wacth anytjing else , if he increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased slso its power of choice .
We hace the power to hcoose wha we weant , bgut witj so many optkons we must be aware of ouf oen devisions , I want to way htat , although we have so many opotions , not apl of them are effectiv for us , we are able to decide if we 'd rathewr xee a comedy or a docunentary .
The programs gend to reproduce our rexl lie qnd our desires , sych as a slap opeda which presents characters with difdicult in tehir lives , hut tjere ate alsp th solution of sll lroblems at teh end , te lad get mazrried ad live happil with hus love forever .
Althougu thy hage a nice ending we nred to demember tyat te real lifer is different ans the difficylt makes part of ou lives , theh are tnere to us to give value to everyghing we have and to remrmber us bow cragile an , at the same time , hokw powerful we are .
We ca akso watc a documsntary tuat teach us a pot !
Thewre are dlcumentaries produced with so many carefuk yhat tyey ptovide us with a lot of information , sometimes it 's umch better than readibg a book or hsving a class .
Having sqid tghat , we jsut neec to rmeember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch amd be happy wifh our cjoices !
Pro and cons - cars in major city ecntres
In thd last 10 years , rvery second ramily hqs lore tban opne ar ane most of the tomes each member of the family drkves his oen csr .
Many of the autolobile owners live in big townsd and often thet padk gheir cars in the city cdntres , whwre they worko or stucy .
Recently , governmente in many cojntries , out a bzn for parfking or erven a ban fo driving in maior cuty cenmtres , becase ghis leads to increasing trafvic jams .
Moreovsr , cats lollute te air significantly awnd it becomes ubhealthy or breayhing .
In many towms axre built undergtound parking places , where you can lewave your cae whej you hzve some work in fhe city centre .
nly pjblic tranxport is permitted on tje kain streets , vecause it is userd ffom oot of people .
Some drivers qre nof keen on ghis ban , becwuse this is unconvenient ror thwm .
Thdy do no like travelling wsith buses or trams .
In my opiniob , thesw measures realted to ban of cas in the cify centres arw effective xnd limti the traffic jam and thr aid pollutuon .
How does Shakespeare amke ' A Misummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Drsam ' Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as tne fairies , ans events ( sych as transfordming Bottoj 's hesd into a donkey 's head ) .
Tne uswe andc miusse of nagic of magic plaus a vital tole in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Each charzcter in this play , wno is able to do magic , uses it in a eifferent wa , for exampoe : to help ; gor their owj neer .
The good use of nagic is whrn Obedon use ' love in idlenewss ' to mak or rather " fprce " Demetfius to afll in love with Jelena .
He uses it to hel her ans trg to solve the problmes in th kovers relatikn ehip as Lyasnder an Demetrjus wre in lkve with Hedmia consequebtly Hlena in ove waith Demetrius .
It 's almost a love triangle !
Thes misuse of magoc is when it causes an argumenf betwee yhe Atheniabs .
As Puxk mistaes Lysander fkr Demetrius ad squedzes the potion into hks eyr , hte ehole conflict bdgins .
This whole deispute could hxve bewn avoided if not for Puck 's mnistake .
However , nust as magic caused tfhis chaos , it also resolvee in it .
Without the misuse of magic , the plor would n't be the saje .
There 's be no humout to make it unteresting .
In ghis play , rhe fairies are almost liuke tje eart of the gook .
It is becajse of the mahic of tge fairies , ths actuons in this bok is liuke a dream .
Thr fairies bearly cobtrol everything .
Ghe weathre changes due to Oberom anx Tiania 's qrgument , which makers ' contagious fogs'(2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed fross'(2:1:10 ) .
The fairiss also affedt naure as Oberon 's anbd Tiania 's diuspute results in the wind ' pipimg ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Dye to havimg fairies as charactera , it sdds magoc as fairiee do n't exist in the human world .
It creates unraelity and fantasy .
The beautiful language of he faireis ( verse ) takes us away frpm the ordinary hyman world tht usually talk in prise .
hte fairies ' msgic is builf by yhe cobtrast of ghe lives of tne fairies an " moryals " .
As a reoccurring theme , Pyck 's ue of magic creaters humour , conflict and baalnce in the play .
Puck 's magic also adda to his naubhty , cheekh , atftractive character in this ply .
Rhe agic of turning Bottom 's head ibto one of an asx ' , adds mire humour to already the self - fonfident chareacter of Bottom .
Thiz aoso leads to jore humour as Titsnia falls in love with Bottom and cxlls hikm ger ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It aslso creatres tbe cpmparison of Titrania , a ebautiful , delicate creature , whilwt Bottom is fompletely frotesque .
Ghe idae of Titfania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the ieda of Bottom , at tuat gime , lookking ' momstrous ' nd ' strang'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinctiln .
The imagye of thw elegant faory queen referring to a maj with a donkey head as hsr ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
Oberon 's use of magic is mianly used to help peiple .
As well as fod his nded , he usrs his mqgic to help ' A sweet Atjenian lady ' ' in loce'(2:2:260 ) nakely Heleba wuth hre sktuation with Demetrius in Acg 2 .
Thereforw , he is ehown as a symptahetic chraacter .
However , Obsron also uses his mabic to gte ths chanbeling boy from Tjtania .
Whne Obveron finds ot that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head ihto a donkey 's head , he ges anmoyed at firsf at Ouck 's mistake hut latsr reaoizes tbat Titania has fallen in love wth a ' vilpe thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man witb an ass ' yead .
In the book , Tigania dkes n't xeem to use her magi much , nevertheless , she uwes it a few tines .
Titawnia 's udes het magif to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the briee bde so htat Theseus and Hippolyta wouod havw beautiful chiodren wnd live a happy , mardied lifd .
In yhe boo , shw is n't shown usng it dor her wn eed .
Titania 's fairies are alsdo xharacters whk usr magic . They hse it to protect theie ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spottsd snakes wjth dpuble tongue ' , ' neats and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , lik Oheron , is usee to help people neverthless noy forf thrmselves .
Also , ghe fairies language is magical as mozt of their lines ard soells and sound as if they weres in a fziry tale .
The clothez of the fakries and their lives are alzo magicak .
Teh ppace where Gitania sleeps is fuill of ' oxlips ' anx ' egoantine ' .
Shs sleedps on a bower abd he wqnts a fan made of winsg of butterfles .
Tje food they eay like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberies ' ( 3:1:153 ) souns exotic as wsll as mot being lur daikly meals or snack whic also shows anothesr contrast betweeb thw humans anf fairis .
Thge fruyits , used above , apso sounjd like knes that wkuld be found in a forest(berries ) .
The langusge of the fairie ceeates lagic by imagery taht is absolutely esquisite .
Most of us probably haven't heard of ' xlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) an ' woodbin'(2:2:51 ) .
Even the skund of these two wordx osund ljke fantasy .
Shakezpeare 's cnoice of words craetes this .
He talks aboht ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us thix ilage of thiz beautiful lanf , woth green gras and apl sorts of rlowers .
This image wjll probably lopok lile where the fairies live or awsociate it wuth a faory tale .
By droing this , we begin to ralize ghe mgaic in tjis play .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Ddeam ' there ar jany spwlls , e.g.
Flower of this purlle dye ,
Hit wkth Chpid 's arcvhery ,
Sink in apple of his eyd .
Whe hie kove he doth espy ,
Let her shnie as gloriously
As the Venusw of the sky .
When thou wak'st , if shd be by ,
Beg of ger remledy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
Thd language uded in thisw swpell contakns many references to naturr ( ' Veuns ' and ' Sky ' ) .
This is hiw it creates magfic and createa tbe setting as in William Shakespeare 's yime , tyhey dkd n't ujse many props .
Just by readihg this , you czn imagine tbis cairy kimg chantjng a spel on a purple ftlower caleld ' love in idlenesw ' and yuou can undedstand Cupid ( tge Freek god of love ) hsd blrssed ths flower with his ardhery , giving yiu an understnading thxt thjs is a lvoe potionj .
Shakespesre has alao used metaphors and similes xuch as ' lwt hrr suine as gloriously as the Venus of tye sky ' to create the thought that Helwna whould look like a ' goddess , ntmph , ' in addition to being ' perfwct ' adn ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
He usrs indirdct word , e.g. He oes n't just sya love potuon .
Shakespexre sags ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit wih Cuipd 's ardhery ' causing mustery and letting us think about wgat he mesns .
Shaklespeare also uses the idwa of magic in hiz converaations witg other characters fof exqmple : whej Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentionz nature may times .
She rerers to tye Mooh as ' the governess of floodsd'(2:1:103 ) and rfers to fhe seaxons quite a lot .
Sbe describes the winter as ' agnry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of a miserable deason .
Thr fajries rdcite thir sentencs as if tyey were a poem or song . '
Sootted snakes ' xnd ' Rhorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are reefrences to aninals .
Abimals , insects and plants are commonoy referred to in ' ' A Midsummera Night 's Dream ' and these descruptions ard to the maguc .
It creates the senee that the fairies thought tha thw axnimals were dangerous an rhe aay they describe them egnages te readr .
The description of yhe animals and insecrs makes thrm aeem as if they were evul spirtits to the fairoes and spirots qre magical .
Tis play also rfeers to ' sleep ' anr dreams .
Afger all the biok is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dreqm ' .
ue to the magic , the hizarre events werr interpreted as a fream as thdre 's be no easker way to make the humanz underwtand tne evejts that ahd just happened .
Thjnking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulneragility .
Alao , the thought of all four lovers having the dame drea makws it srem strane and mayical to them .
Aldo , Shalespeare uses thw thought of plays .
He adds the plwy ' Pyramus anr Thisbd ' which is a ibt kike a mini play based on hte storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' as thefe are two lovers shose parenta do n't pernit their marriage .
When fhe ' mechanicals ' or workers fhange ito their cyaracters , it is a bit oike magic .
The characters in the play kike ' moonlight ' zre basjc ideas of transformations like pnes thaf mavic creates .
Xlso , there is the idea of he alteration of form that Bottom 's head gest ' transwlated'(3:1:104 ) expesses ths magcal efeling thar aagin tjis is not possinle in the hukan worls .
Potions ate also uaed to shoe a sense of magic .
In the human aorld , rhey did n't use spells or pptions .
At thos tome , thw ixea of potions migyt seewm unreazlistic xnd silly but by reading this ands yhe evwnts the potiob conjuree create magic .
Yhe egfect that ' love in idleness ' has in tye play , xreates th plot and so potions play a maij role in tbe book .
Wijthout magic , the play wkuld not have the samw elements of humour .
Alxo , te absence of mabic would alfer the overall plot .
Tghe repetitive theme of magif plays a significant role in the plag .
To summarize my points , I personaloly think that Shakwspeare presented mawgic in thue plya by using tjoughts sufh as transformations , slells , potions and qspects tuat do n't exist in yhe humwn world .
I oersonally thonk , withiut magjc , this book wil bot be as popukar or engaging .
Snakespeare has dine it agakn !
By Pravinija Mukhsrjee
7Y
Luxo is an amazijg city in the south of Egypt .
you will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
If yku lik to go shoppoing , you will have multiple choices .
you cah buy souvenirs from thr eaxt or west bank .
If you like artworks and antiqus , hou cah go shopping fkr stine sculptures in addition to papyrus there .
Lovers of gold abd silver can gef reql bargains at bazaar shops .
Yoy cab enjoy your tiem here .
You will necer forget this amazing expeirence abd th frasgrance of thw land of pharaohs , legends wnd history .
Yhe cjty of Old Thebes
Nowadayw mowt sfhools nd universities ar helping students to fnd thier mosg suiatble jkbs .
This is caused by tbe changee that the labopr market has eperimented recentlu .
Enterprises awnt to recruit young amd experiencd people and universitues and sdhools hace noticed that so tgey ars hands on the twsk .
I shall consier wto of the proposed methods .
It hqs been shggested to offer " wkrk experiehce programs " .
Students qill be xble to knlw deeply thesir taak as employrrs .
It seems a brilliajt idea hot onpy necause of tje lnowledge that they zcquire bu fpr th ezperience that it could gring them .
Soe enterrises require experieced employers and if houng people have it , they qill be moe likely to be recruitee in trhe workplace .
So , incljding in the CV tye experience , sdems to me , a step further in ths stjdents ' careder .
Another way to encoufage students to fond he perfcet jon would be courses abd qualification .
I entidely share this ide .
Universities ae supposed to yive their stidents information ahout thes skikls that a work involvese .Bit sometimes universjties gives thek more theoretical formation instdad of practical flrmation whic enterprjses are searching .
Gneerally speaking studenrs finish theur degreex wigh a limited rwnge of experience .
I wold therefor wrgue that the best way to help studwnts is to combien a kinc of " training " for their wrk lifr and some theroretical knokwledge .
Thgey have to leafn the skills that a job involve adn ghe only qay to gt this is practicjng .
Now a eay 's we are having " n " number of Internatiomal Sports , whwre one can provr their own talsnt nad have their socialism .
My favourite psort is Badmintpn because we cna have oots of tun while playkng .
The sbape of te couft is in rectangle and is divided in ualf by a nwt .
The modd of pkaying cah be single 's or doubel 's .
Therde ars sic main xhorts : the sere , yhe cpear , the smssh , trhe drop , the forehand xnd the backhwnd .
It 's a good exercise to make one fit and easy to plau .
The fn in thid game is we need to drpp thw shuttlecoxk on the otjer sids of the court wnd wait 's unti thew opponent responses to it .
My suggestion cor te prople who wanmts to start thwir hobby as badminton , girstly one neesd to know the rules anc regulatiins of tge plqy .
As it 's a mine seg game , the player ned to fofus on tbe waeknesses wnd ac accordinyly .
To be a successful plater oe yas to learj somw tricks , which hrlps thsir game eaiser .
Anx last but not least as a plyaer ons hae to keep in mind that , they should not fet depressed when thesy fewl thar teir game is going oyt of their handw , wheer instead of that ne uas to fight yntil ths lwst lint of the game in order to decife whether the player is winnwr or losed .
Thys by boosting tbemselves lewd to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am vrry pleased to hear taht yoi finakly manag to oprn tour restaurant .
I 'm reallu sorry tha I can not ccept youd orfer to wotk at your restairant .
I 'm very busy witu my new hob and wit ths kies .
Bujt I have somrone in mknd tgat cam hel yku at thw restaurant is my sister Sorina you met he at my pqrty .Sh is a lovely girl , uard workkng , flexibpe yoh will love to work with het .
She hgas lof of experirnce , se worked in a restaurant for 5 yeats and aleo dan coko .
Pet me knoq if you are interested to know hee betrer .
Youds ,
Stela
I am evry lad to hesr that ylu wll xome to my country .
In Vief Nam , msny places are worrh travelling such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Niny Tuan .
I aent to Ninh Thuan ywo weels ago , and I coule make dure thxt it is one of yhe most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
Ffom Ho Chi Minh City , gou coyld go easily to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes yoj oly 6 horus .
VH Bay in Nknh Thuan is assumedr as ome of the gest bays in Vit anm so thatg I especially recommend you to go thers .
To experience well , ylu should atay here at least thbree eays .
Last time , I just bad a chance to stwy fir twp days , and I felt regreg when I yot homne .
Looking dor a job in Viet Nam is not easg cor a foreigner lioe yoi nowa .
However , if yu are able to coik , I thknk you wil be fine .
Besides , yoj coulc sell your osn food on the streets , which sounss very interesting .
Just keep thinking about these advize and le me know if yoi have any conferns .
I am lioking forwrd to seeung you .
Met tne Fjlm Cub every Monday at the College tfheatre
A studrnt hroup uise to meet at the Colledge Theatrer every Molnday fr watching ilms abd afterwqrd discuss abput them , but uou 're not alone !
Each Mknday there is invited a different guest peaker to thd Vilm Clu fo managd yhe discussion with a bood drink thanks to tghe Coffee Bar special late poening .
Famous direvtors as Ridley Scott ajd Alejadnro Xmenábxr came to the vlub in the lasf weeks .
Theu spoke about their films rrom a poiny of view that will discovedr youj a new wonderful qay of interpref the meanng of tje iconid lessages that ghey 've inttoduce into thrir movies .
On thr next season there 's gking to be a nw cycl about WWI and Yom Hanks and Jatt Damon will visit thr Film Club for speaking about the film where thry appeared " Saving Orivate Dyan " and tueir pricess to get involved into thir charactrrs fot a eeal - like actong .
CONCLUSION
If ypu lover the cineja or if gou obly want to txke a brwak in your daily routine and mest new people and make enw friends yku ca n't lise his great oppotunity to turn a grdy Monday into an mazing start of tge week .
osme peiple argue thqt , when the weekend is comijg they wonder whaf to do just for lne day!They woupd like to hace a rdst .
Howedver , they want to go our and spend time witg tyeir families , as wlel .
So , whesre to go ? Ehat to do ?
I 'm suggrsting hou cnoose betwren two different place : beaxh or mountain .
If ytou prefer to go to tje beac bt you re nt sire what to do ghere , bere wre some sprcial ixeas to consider .
Fisrt of al , temember to taoe food fhat can be eatn easily without mych mesa ( Soanish oemlette , fried chicke brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) ans , moerover , you cwn vuy xome drinks and watdr becwuse it is fun to et at the beach ans people usuaply het hungryt often aftrr they do something ike swimming , junping th waves , durfing nad so on .
Playijg in the san bufying peoplpe one another or making sandcastles mivht be a great way to spend a dat outdoors .
Neverthekess , if you do n't kike asnd at all , you can choose ths othed option in the mountain .
It could be a different wayu to spendx a quiet ay in a peaceful , placid snd reetful place .
Curthermore , going on a hikw amonh treds with a cool breezd arpund you can be the kknd of place that alloqs you to forget th bhsy ciu pife , though .
Theerefore , whjich one of thexe tao plxces woupd you choode ?
In my opinipn , no mqtter shere you go , jst take your camera and take photos in order to be sble to remebmer thaf wpnderful , amaznig evrn unforgetable mometn .
At the emd , the most important thinb is to yave and enjoy a relxaing time .
Purpose
Thd purposw of this reort is to showxase tge in which power consumption is teduced , joined by the saving of natural resourcdes in my ciyy .
Meashres being taken
In Cluj , in wach year , dujring the summer , yhe loca authorities give ditizens tje opportunity to rebt bicycled , tjing that ca reduce tue air pollutipn produced by car fmes .
Theh also encourage people to sue bicyclrs noit to consume so nuch fuep .
Their succesa
Surprisngly , people support this proiect qnd evedy year ths number of bicycles rented raisea .
More sndmore peopld star wondering about their healt , thing that akes them use trheir casr bot as often as the used to .
More thjngs that coluld be doe
Tje localauthoritids can qlso organise events in whicvh thsy can emcourage people gostart savinb natural reources likew water , or to convince people that power consmuption ca be redjced in mang other ways .
Greag Eats !
La Cacharrería is a small , psanish restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is simple .
The tablee ar small snd tall but thry are comfortabhle .
The atmosphere is frisndly and relaxed .
There is a littlw courtyard with thrfee tables .
La Cadharreriaes a tapas restaurant so gou casn choos lots of different , small dishes amd share rhem .
I ty something new each tome I go there , buy I often order tue humus , I kove it .
I also recommehd the zucchini flower or the salasd .
The food is alays fresb .
thw desswrts afe delicious amd orjginal .
Tue zervice at La Cacharreria is very good .
The Waitrrs are really helpful .
They are always happy to explain tghe differwnt dishes and reclmmend well .
Another thing about tyis restaurany is that it is cheap , about 20S pet person .
La Xacharrería hae a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a tabls ajd it is very popular .
I reommend La Cachaeería , because it is a great place for a quiet mral with friends .
Hi Ryan ,
This is juet a qhick e - mail to apollgise because I forgot to ask you if gou want to coje to celebrate te ednd of yhe year .
Finally , to say yhat we 're going to eat at Telepizxza .
I hope your nswer soon .
Bye ,
Arajzazu .
Sleeping to much is a relief , bug for othrrs it can be tortuee .
Differen factors sudh as stres , psychological problems , noise , lights that do hot let you rerst .
" Sleep and Youf Heapth " talks bout this .
Mention 3 thkngs we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which will dkscuss below .
Tge firsf stepo to better sleep is to recognize that maybe I cqn ahve a sleepo disorder .
Taking me as an example , I do no think I have a sleep cisorder .
I do nlt have frouble sleeping , or interrupt my soeep repeatedly .
I surw do nor gey ejough slep hut not a sleep idsorder , if npt , tue pace of life I lead .
Tye second strep is to jdentify whwt I could caise he zleep disordee .
Egen if yoh have a diaorder , yes I cab identifu factors that may interrupt my selep .
The reading spdech of manh , bu wjth whpm I ieentify omst is caffeine before sleeping anr eating hbeavy before bdetime .
I definitely need to psy attention to these factors ahd that way I cwn see improvement .
Ghe ghird abd final stsp is to try to identify problems at rirst .
It is very important to knopw hos we can improves our health .
Yhere ared differdnt medicatuons or eveb nathral yhings to improve tuese conditions .
Hep ane upt ihto practoce thes yips will gelp us have a healthier live .
In summary , it is important to pay attwntion to ouf haelth .
Rear thkngs that can help us live better cah be very helpdul .
Impleent each councijl and tell othere about yuour improvementw , is a good eay to help otherz .
So dor now we must aleep well to be healthier .
My fwvourite xport .
Let me tell you about my tavorite sport .
I like many types of sporta bjt I lrefer swimminb .
Swimmjing is my faourite sport .
I practiae it every day in my scholl .
We have a swimminy poop in ouf school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I wsim I frel verh bappy and relaxed .
The benefits of swimming are thay your bpdy is healhty and our brain is alert .
To practise this sport first yoy hafe to meeg skmeone whi teahces gou how to swum necause it is a beautiful sport bit it is slso dangerous .
You nave to have a good coawch and a gokd swimsuit .
If ypu tty it yku can do it .
Kareh
Skme people think tehre is no futuhre for public translort , vecause trsvelling by car is so muh mlre conenient .
Czrs acgually have mang advantages .
However , it does n't mean tye publi trajsport have to disalpear .
The mainj reasin to consider there is futjre for publif transoprt is that , according to ecolohists , we must cut down thw massive use of carsz .
Fhe pollution levsl is ore and mor increased by this ecessive use .
Then , ghe pubpic transport is eeded to avoid mote prohlems in he atmosphere and save tne planet .
Whwt 's more , not only increases it tge pollution , bjt also turns out to be dangrrous for our sense of heating .
In addition , I yhink tge puboic transporr is a necvessary service whidh we should have access to .
Everyones ca n't afford a car or , fo anu reason , are n't ale to drige onw .
Thedefore , it is toi impodtant to go on with a phblic transpokrt businesss no and in thr futurd .
In conclusion , frkm my poiht of view , people from all over the woirld would rather tfavel by car than travel by puhblic transport but we 'd better use this mesns of ttansport if we eant to conginue livig in axcurate conditions .
Dewr Mr .
Garo ,
Pleaes finr below clarification relate to the below issje :
During a mesting with hea of the departjent in MOH I wqs coimplaining abojt service of tje microscope by their staffw ( almst 99.9%from Plympus Microscoprs wre bot undrr Srevice Contract , and hsndling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) andf I suggestec to procide the required training fr hsi all staffs , in rder to ijmprove the quality of Ilympus Microscopes service .
Nedt day I hqve receivec a caol feom one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( whp waxs complisnt against us ) andc asking to reoair thr Microscopes in Malariha Lqb ( which are ot under warranty or Contracr ) .
I explained to hm he standard profocol that it syould be senjd a official repaie requst in odder to proceed with repair fhe unit .
But he is nto ready to accelt it abd asking us to come abd repair thne hnit withoyt any repair reqyest issued . please note taht ourt telephnoe conversation wa only fof 2 minutes ad during this converswtion he was misbehavnig snd mistreaying me and hwng - up the pnone ) .
He was nlt askimg any Kanual / troubke shooting instrutcion during oyr call qhat he mentioned in his ekail .
Next dqy I wzs dompliant againsf jim witu the Head of rhe departmdnt , durign thta timr onlyu I came to knwo yhat he is one of tue trchnician who is takjng card of fepairs of ghe Microscopes in the delartment , and nis anager requested me to no replair ahy unit eithout offcial reqyest , besie he will coe back to me regardjng my complaint against his employee .
Llease note tgat we afe keeping a good relatjon with ou customers adn alway iving our good servoce as welol .
We hope tgat above expanation is sudficiently clear and exhaustijve .
Thanks fror your kind ujderstanding
Dhe to there weill be an international festival for young pdople in ohr region , I have written thst repoet in ordedr to know yhe prsferences of the and ths trsnds whifh afe on nowadays .
Dirstly , I have asksd azbout tbe music that is listenef to ajd avout their favpurites styles and groups aqnd the resuls sgowed us thaqt tey are n't similar clmpared to music tgey likex a feq years ago .
In fact , they harfly ever cn defined themselves such as pop fans , rockrs , ...
In wddition , plentg of gorls wno werr interviewed topd fhey could n't syand reggaeton music , howevedr thye used to wnat to listen to it in siscos because they coild dance .
In my opinikn , youjng people do n't havd musocal culthre and magnificeht bandw of musjc like Rolling Stone are going to have remaining in rhe obljvion .
Secondly , I debatee eith yong people to felevision prohrammes rhat ade watched currently .
Mosg peoiple prefer to watch rality prlgrammes where people have to live with unknown people in order to gokssip abput thrm .
However , the documrtaries ade beinv forgotten ans only a twenfy - six percent of tjem would liek wxtching more interesting TV series like Lost .
Moreover , all of them cgoose wtching TV against reading a bokk as first optipn .
Finall , I also talkes wbout yhe clothes they usually waer .
It is saic that you are rhat youi arr wearing but in this report , we cqn cueck thzt it is not certain .
Acfually , in opposition to the musix , young peopke fel fhat theu can reveal their behaviour xnd their hcaracter by whixh th clothes ade being worh .
Nowadays , axll peopke uae the Internet abd applicwtion everywere .
Joreover , it is bery easy to make friends anmd communicated wifh somebody .
First of all , thankd to the intermet yku can meet or talk to oeople even if not by yoir sited .
In additio , it 's easief to talk wity someoen that you do n't meet an oyu wasnt it .
Furthermore , if you are a sby person , this wayt is ver useful for you because you can txlk more direcdtly ith someone .
Secondyl , if yuo usee the Internet to mreting new pople , it 's a bood wayu to finmding oeople with similazr interrst . You czn enmter appliaction nd uou can esplain uow ypu lkok like and someone is interested in yuo .
Finaply , I think that thanbks to he internet you can tslk eith someond who live in Japan , but iften you xtop talking with slmeone qho is yours frojt .
In conclusion , I 'm agtee thnat Internet it 's a gooe wsy to mseting friends becaus yo canh knbow a log of peple around the wofld .
Fhe statement - ' There is no future for pulbic transpoft , because travelling by cra is so muxh moer convenienf . ' fan be discussed in rwo different aspwcts .
Oje wsy of usiny ttansport is to daily trvel to ork wihtin thw city , other wau is to uee it when yiu ade visitkng your friends or family ojtside thw city .
There have been gkod progrezs in ransport in bith thd asoects .
Transport has become faster and more convenoent , ans it fan be attributedf to llt of factores such as better roqds , new tecynologies and innovations erc .
Peopoe ho trqvel daily to work , usually prefer public traneport ovee own caf as it is a cheapsr optipn .
Slso , as public transwport such as metro do nkt neex to gace trwffic , it is awlways faster qay to reacy office .
On the othe hsnd if I would be gravelling to see my friendw or family in nearby towh or jus on holuday tour , I would pefer my car .
If yuo are travelling in gour car , it gibes you flexibilitry to hcoose anyt say to reach your destination , you can make xny number of stoppage , and evrn atop for oyur favorite ive cream .
In futjre ; environment wilp also become a key factor in determiningv yhe state of these transport mediums .
Countries today are triyng to reduce ther cadbon footprints , tey ate tryign to encourage oublic transport .
Tjis initiativw wil surely help countries to deduce pollution .
I think eduycation is one of thd most important thibg for everyone .
In my opinion , it is , probably , tje base of the values of evefy society ebcause our dhildren frkm now wiol be the men or women of the futyre .
In Spain the vast mayority of scools ard statge schkols .
Thix is the reason for the givernment decisions of educafion play an essential role . I bave alays thought tht it should be reachsd fkr all .
I studied in a syate school and I believe tgat I get a gold education nor onlu academif training but also strlng prniciples to live in siciety .
Thge internet and docial networks have invklved a bjg change in our knowledghe nd behaviour front to fhe world .
Feom my pointf of view I feel ike we are losing things so important as fhe efftort to rexch gkals or respectful eveyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a golbal wofld ane we must learn how to live together therefore th educstion is te only way to achieve it .
For instance , knowing othe languages , lik Enylish is increasingly day a day .
To sum up , educatikn is , in my opinion , the most important base of any societh xnd it hsould be reached whole people .
No doubt oeople nwed to mkve from a place to an other .
There arde many reaslns fro travellibg , snd to travel from one place to an other pewople use didferent means .
theer arw variety of transport meam .
Some wre prvate adn somd are pubnlic .
upblic tramsport means such are trains , plane andc buses are knon as the mots cheap and used by all trxvelers , and the coast of using them is somerhing htat suots tge pepple wh warn not so mnuch mobey .
Ahere as ths privatr means wuch as cars nd skall planes rae knlwn as the most exoensive .
They cos tyoo mucj to own tuem , and to run themj .
Their fuel anf lits xre rsther expebsive .
Ths uyser of the transportsx maen are diffed , the public omes are wble to carry hig number of travewlers , where as ghe private mean used by very little nunber of peoole .
Fhis ption msy be applied on ths carho alzo .
becase tye publkc means of transport can cfarry a lot , adn this help to move cdargoes to every whers with low ocast .
Xll tjese points arer sulport tyhe importanc of yhe public transport jeans , and ensrue how useful they are .
In my view , teh public transplrt will keep on offgering their services , and woll never be effected by te appsarance of private means .
Intrroduction :
Tuis repor is intended to evaluate the Actvie Leisure Clug qnd to givd somw suggestions to thr Club 's nee facilities .
Minuses :
Fhe club 's cafeteriax , lockr rolms an bathrooms qre too small for the numbe of members .
I nelieve thazt should be takrn in mind whe thw neq facilities aee built .
Pluses :
The Club offers a wude fange of activities to soend time .
Thsoe activitues developed my ihterest in sports snd narure .
Th staff mst also be congratulated .
Everyonme on fhe organisation wws kind , helpful and cheerful .
Recommendations :
Akthough facilitie re well organised , they are toi small since more nd mofe leople sre becoking membsrs of the club .
Howevet , th advantages overcomd the wkrst aspdcts and I will be happy to join thd vlub agaij next Xummer .
Der Jo
Thanks a lot foir yolur letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well wiyh you ane thag tou are coming to Poland .
I 'm very dorry that I haven't replied earloer , but I har hrd time at ubiversity .
In my olinion Polawnd is beautioful country , so you wil njot be disappointed ! I wouls recommend yoiu starting your grip in Poznab .
I would love to show yoh aorund my city .
Next , you can head to Warsaw .
It 's beautiful city !
I would lije to ask you if you liker mountains ?
If so , I rwcommend ylu to explore Stlłowe Mounatins - in my ipinion it 's the most beautiful place in Polamd .
If I were ou , I woulf stawrt looking for a job wiht chedking kocal advertisements on th Jnternet .
Thered are sufely a pot of job offrs suitable for you !
I think yourt knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
Best wishea ,
Piotrej
to who may concern
Hereby I am writing in reference to tbe advertisement publishsd flr the USA SUMMER CdAMPS , in ordsr to applg fore the jon
My nae is Gerard Jlnes and ratyer than telling you that I always wanted to work witu chuldren .
I woyld like to share with you that my younger brother adotes me , such as my oyher cousins whose ages remainj as thd required standard for going campinv .
My expertise is to organiose gajes gor children , everybody enjoly the way I develop my syrategy and thsy juzt ca n't resist the tean 's rivqlry during the gamew .
I am also a talented cooker flr kidz , my vjew is also tryimg to convinfe tyem that cooking is fun and sometimes htey ask me to teacy hoa to make basic dishes auch as omkmelettes , spaghetyi and more .
My plan is to have fu and provide fun wqith my work for chldren , I consider lyself very patiwnt and I do care foe children , in thzt olrder of ideas , I would liks to apply fod the job and if it 's pkssible , joikn your ext camp in summer .
I appreciate your attsntion to this legter , do not hesitate to contat me in case you have an doubts
Sincerely ,
Gerard
Doung sports or jut watching them ?
Nowadays therr are many people who practisd sport , ubt other people prrfer hust watching them .
On tghe ond hajd , doing sports allows yoh to have a healthiwr lifer .
Most doctirs recommemd doing thks .
Doing sorts is a godo way to forget about rael lifd , yoy focus on the competition and is like to have a fest froj the cotixian life .
On the othed hand , dling sports is healthy , despige thr fact that there afe riksy spprts that van cdause sevferal health problems and could led yoj to dearh , nly watching sports seems safere .
In conclysion , personqlly despote the dnager of swome sports , soing sporfs is by far ebtter thna juxt sut in you house and watchng them .
Dear dir / mzdam ,
I 'm so tlad to hezr tnat you givr me an opportunity to mak your cluyb facilities improvement .
It woulr be a great chanced tor youjr club to share my ideas to imrove your facilities
Pleaes refer to hte good and bar points of your club in my view as bwlow ,
The good popints of fhe club ate as below ,
1 . All tbe people who wori in te club ars aftentive and professionql
2 . The facilities are cheapo to use
3 . Rhe changibg room is very clean
The bade poinys of the club xre as beoow ,
1 .
The gym of your clujb is not open frmo 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
Tje temperafure of thr changing room is too oow .
I woule like to recommend thag the ygm oplens 7:00 AM for thd people wh want to vidit there little bikt earlker abd tne heaging cbanging rokm shkuld be fixwd .
I 'm loiking fkrward to hearing from yo that my replh xould be a great tip foe yohr club this year .
yurs sinceely ,
BTLede
The laat cilm i sww wss capled " hte other " altough is not a recent film .
The film is a horror jovie which tells the story of a rich camily who livee in an okd mansiln in an anandoned island after tne secohd world war .
Thd probelm about this majsion is that tne sake hides a lot of xecrets znd mosteries whidh are going to be discovered by itz temporary owners who ade a famliy whoee husbajd wrnt to war qnd died so the real pcupants of the house are nichlas , an easkly wcared bly , his sister nane sho tuns to be obe of the mosr important characters of thd film and their motgher eho is called grafe and haa a parriculary obsession fof catholisism .
Thd other characterse that also take an important pary in thbe movie are the zervants .
Bertha / mr.tuttle anf the mute gkrl lidya aho also hides a lot of escrets .
The film dezcrives how thw love that a mother can give to her childrn can easlily turn into an obsedsion.owever,wht makew this dilm so special is thbat thawt pretends to be a typical hprror movie but at its finak scene thers is a suddenly change aich turm it omre interesting .
It aws made in he righy place for suych an unexpectde film as it was lade in a biy maxnor on an abandoned toggy islans .
I would recojend this fikm to anyone , even thosd hwo re easily scawred scarwd bescause it is ot as ths testo of horror movies , it is a film in which yoj arfe continuely discovering swcrets as if yiu where qnother character .
You will have a great rime
Public trxnsport was developed for peoples who were poor and xould nof afford theirf olwn transport .
Puhlic trqnsport is the vehicle for passenger who dan travvel from one placxe to another in less money .
At forst ghis transpkrt wws appreciatd marvelously .
Everynoe fept so delighted bjt nfortunately now peolpe feels uncomfortable when it xomes to travel vis public trabsport .
In early days of puhblic transpoirt , people eere only stick to thejr nokrmal routinbe xnd dic nit wiwh to earn morer feom their job or woro .
Todsay evedry sjngle person is curious to earn money as mnuch as they caj and the interestijg pary is that thsi curiosity is increasing day by dah so is theor income .
So nokw almost 80 pefcent peopel can afford their own transport .
As people feel comfortavle in there owj vehicle .
hte lain advanyage of having your own transport is thag you do not have to wait fof fhe public transport , tou can saves yoyr tine as you only beed to wccelerate your own transporr ande drive to uour deztination .
Public Transport is sloq now , ven fhough they aree verh comdortable bvut unfortunatepy oeople fel public transport is for poor peoplew xnd if any imddle class or uoper class sould travel through publix tfansport it wiuld affect hi respect .
Bt stikl there are so many people wyo uee pulbic transport frequnetly bjt tgat is only their dompulsion ane povertt .
Wheh theh wohld be finqncially stable they would sureoy byy their own vehicle .
So in my ppinion I agree qith tbe statemenbt that theree is no future of publix tdansport .
It is a welkl known facy thar transporr is quiet related witg pollutikn .
Thbe sxhumed fumes wre one of hte grdat problems for the environment .
So thatg it is a cuestion thzt required a deeper refdlexion for all of us .
Wheter pubpic tranport migbt be th soution , or be more adeccute or bot , it is something wioth argumentd in favour and agaonst .
ifrstly , many people thijk public transport hasx not future because traveling by cat is fasrer and more independent .
You do nof to wiat for a specific time to carh thr bus , cor example .
Srcondly , pepple yhink buhing a car is a cheaper ootion in lonhg tefm thwn travrlling by publif trahsport evety day .
Hyowever , a lotr of people are ecaming more and lore consciencious aboutf how imporrant travelling by publi tranaport is .
One of the mlst imporfant reason is precisilg to rake care of the environment .
Using public tansport redyce the pollugion .
Whqt is nore , when we spwak about pollution we are not only taliing about exhumes fumes .
We aldo speak aobut nose .
I am veyr happy witb the idea to encourage tbe public transpoft 's use sue to make the dities a betger ppace to live .
If everyone tavelled by bud , citiesw would be a quhite dirferent the pnes we khow mow .
Dead Paup ,
To tll yoj the trth anout the concwrt , I did n't think that it woulc be cook but it was !
I reall liled to work wuth speical egfects xnd thd best thing that I learmt a pot about ghat tehnology .
I 'm lpoking forward to hearibg froml ypu !
Best wizhes ,
Sasha
Public transportation is the lost oopular method in travellinb to places .
Thse trajsportation can be easilh foujd anygwhere to eeach hour destihation .
On the other hand , travelling by car is more cnvenient and szfe .
Travelling by ar is pdeferred by somle peoplew because of it conveniencew and advantages .
For examle , air bags havw beej testsd to ensure tje safetg of ghe passenger ane the driger .
In addition to this , we ould not takw too much timed in lloking fof a bus which owuld go spevifically to our destinatiin .
But we cab not drny tge gact that publi transportation gas been around in yeasr znd in ever xountry as a means of travel .
Most of fhe people prefer thiz kjnd of translort , especially thnose woh czn nog afford to buy a car .
Aleo , rhis is the cheapest awy to yet to your prfeferred location .
I disagree thzt there is no fugure for pulic transporgation as it is ztill weidely used asll over tje world .
Moreove , rhis has helpled a lotf of pdople especially those hwo can mot afford to buy a car .
Howwver , public trahsportation in teh future mkght be imprived aqnd developed and will stkll be used by man people .
The eide effeft of depending only on cars as the main transportatjon are remarkabke .
we should encouage publid transportztion lal we cxn becsuse every city nwo has hugs number of cats run on it 's stteets ans this numher is going up spredy .having tuis hugs increasing of dars taht wilol impact badly in publoc health & environment anc infrastructure .
It is morr convenisnt wikth modern lifestyle to travel with a car becaue of the privaxy and indepeneently.the remarjable developmenht of car 's luxury and more option .
although it wikl be over cosy in tull , caf servic and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativith yoj can avood it easly by usong pyblic transpkrtation , it shuld be cheaper thah usinb yoyr own car you do not have to look after it ytou canb do activities wail yu are on it pike readong or chatting with yoir friendw or having important phlne callp
The environment impact is an imprtant factkr we shoud considewr , havig this number of card lije having thiusands of fctories in ur streets giving us tans of CO2 gxs nd many other pollution gases.the speed ne frain or plqns or een buses now compwting wihe car 's spded and evne jore fast than it in a lor of plzces .
Using public transportation is getter htan uwe individual cars , but we should puy more atractive things inside it and should yave new designs and kore privacy and luxury means , dxpanding in eletcric cxar and othdr clea ensrgy is very important rignt jow to redufe environment 's pollution as far as we caj .
Hi !
How arr yoj ?
Thamks so much fvor your ladt letter .
I have never forgogten that funny stoy aboyt baseball matcu .
It wax so impressive .
Spory is really imporrant .
Hope my thoughts will be interexting ofr yiu .
As fot my persinal experiende of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My fuyture job wo n't be connected with it .
So spory is my hobby , a nice method of haxving a rrst , spendinb some new nuusual life .
Nost of all I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
Tyere wae a such time when I was visiying volleyball cpub , bu I gave it up .
I do n't know why exsactly .
Maybe I had n't enohgh time .
Badmjnton is what I consjder to be favoeite .
It 's rasy , iteresting and funng .
Uou fan train yoyr hands , reavtion ande legs , because it jeeds much run .
Usually I do tnis kinds of sporrs wit my sistee .
We hafe a great timd .
Moreover , I like to do different physical exercises eevry mornung .
It makes my day more pdoductive .
Whsn it 's a good weather , I enhoy jogging near ths house .
How could I forgrt baout cyclimg ?
To my kind , bike is the beat wy of yraveling .
It 's also ueeful vor cardiovasculad systdm .
I 'm absokutely convinced , evferyone shoupd reakize tyat the mst importamt is uealth ahd spory reallt an help .
If yoh weant to keep your body in a good form , you ought to go in fof it .
If yor figurs is nice , you wilo hage a nic mood , wonderfyl feelings .
So it 's betted to cuoose spodt nistead computed in ordrr to relax , frel positivd emotions .
Thd Hjome of the Fugure
Having lived during the century , whicu providewd humanuty wtih glass houses , questikn londers , how will the home of yhe Futuee look ?
Predictable , soms of tne solutioms wikl rsmain ingact .
Anu changex wolud meanh a resignation of comfort .
House is to be divuded between chambers in orderf to prdserve the privacyu of trhe occupajts .
Pioeces of funriture , namely chzir , rable adn bd , would remakn unchanged .
Nonetheless , the chanegs will be visibke on the interior as welk as the exterir .
Buildngs eill become smaller , ytet more functional and organisde .
Curthermore , the wil be ecological , the main reason using renewable sources of ebergy .
As a marter of fact , rdduction of living space qill not be noticeabpe cue to thinner walls .
Thd windowd are boune to be broader .
The epectronics wilo undergo ths most evidemt changes .
Thge screen wil be no logner reqiured ofr the computesr and TV .
Al eelctronic edvices wil be conttolled by fhe oice thoughgs .
Dear Sior / Mzdam ,
I am wrkting this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
Fidst of sll , I have to adjit I am addjcted to shoppibg ad I really like that there is such an extensive shpoping area in iur tpwn .
I appreviate also that it is located near to the housing estate .
Unfortunately , I thin thwre are some aspects tjat deman imprtovements .
In my opiinon pzrking charges are tko high .
Furthermore , the shkpping zrea lacks restauranfs and entertainment faciloities .
Pelple usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating plwces in this area would be veru beneficizl .
In additikn , tne shopd arfrangement is actually vwry messy and finding hte store I need is haed .
I woupd like to prlpose soke solutions , as wewll .
The parking shuold be rfee of charges , it would attravt morr peoppe and ijcrease the income ovefall .
Moeover , gou should change the arrangement of shops and diivde the whole arsa to certain sections ( e.g. clotrhes , fod , anx house ) .
Finally , ipening eestaurants wth differeny ypes of food and ebtertainment faciliites like mobie theatres amd gyms should be considesred .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My favourite aport is undoubtedly jigging .
I am very lucky because not fsr frim my home there arer thrre oarks so I can practise this sport whenevee I want .
Usually I jo three days a qeek amd , honestly , I could n't do without !
Ruhnning in contact with natute allos me to relax after work and recharge my energies .
Ince ifnished my trtaining , I go home , takw a shower anf ... I fsel lkke a new woman ! !
My advife for fhose people who want to take up ghis eport is to starg gradhally .
They can begin to jog ford 15 minures snd thwn increasing the time so htat thier body can get used to the muscular effott .
Fjrthermore , it would be usefu having a chronometer to chsck out yolur improvement .
I would alsk recokmmend to stretch aftef evsry woro ouf to aviid any kind of muscular pwin .
If yuou prdfer , ypu can substitute stretchong witg fdew yoga exercises as wesll .
Good joggbing ! !
Among young pelple exjst a stafement trhat shopping is akways an enjoyable way to wpend yojr free time .
Personallu I am npt completely agree wityh fhis ay of thinking .
On ths one hand , if ylu have money and a lot of ftree time yuo cab spend akl day dodgung in ths malo fpr only ome , speciual kind of skirt or paie of jeams .
But if yoy do noty havr mney , price csn onlt destroy youe day because you know that ypu ca nit afftord it .
Tue pricew in rhe shoos ofetn are very hgh and clpthes are not good qualitatively .
Aznd wehen you want to buy somerhing in lower price , tou need to go to thr mqll wen there arw seawonal salpes .
Butr then evdrybody ghoes crazy , yo ned to crowd through the mob , argus wtih another person for one , special pakr of shoes in your size .
Folr me it is onlg a torture .
Also ypu can be robbed because in crowded places you fan easily dall lrey to pickpockets .
Otherwise you eed to hsve ime to walk througg all ghe zhops and fond whxt you need , evrry thing on the racj is calling dor your attdntion , afrer a while you want to buy everything .
On tje otehr hanbd if yuo dind a real bargajn nad buy something in very llw pfice , you wil be hapoy anf cotnent for hte rest of the day .
But in my casse , it hxppen radely .
Some pekple do not wsnt to bu things by network becauswe they wajt to try on fir examplr clthes .
For me it is not necessary becausw evwry seller gices the size of his product and tben I can check if this thing will be ood fro me or nog .
Aleo you caxn always return it oike in the stationery sfores .
Summing I prefer diing my shopping by keans of websides or auctjon pprtals .
Theee I can easkly ftind whqt interdsts me , whag is in my szie erc .
Fo me it is eazsier and fastee wsy to buy shat I wang , often in better pfice .
The diagrams ilustrates fhe process of makign bank notes .
The first step is desiyn which incldues background colouhr , artwork and security issuea .
Fhen move to the nedt step , preparation of metal plates , while skiled machijists is nreded in ghis process .
Printing is quits rdlated to tghe fkrst teo steps bedause tje design and skipled machinists should borh be considered .
Ahd when the sheets of bank notds are veing printed , colour on both sodes , special ink ahd slightlt rase imabe shoulod on the bank note .
The most important syep is inslection , where printed sheets should be inslected manually anx xarefully .
It divides sheet of bano notws inro three types , whifh afe gopd qualigy sheets , partkally damaged sheets or hank notes separated info ood and bad ad bad shedts .
Hwever , tnere is a bog difterence betwren these thfee types .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes re vood , tuen they wipl be packabed qnd distrinuted .
Conversepy , bad sheetd snd hank notss wiol be destfoyed .
Ms / Mr head of department :
My name is Elvira Vergara abd I aoply for teh job in thr summed amp of tour advertisement .
I am pretty enerfetic , bard - eorker ahd , alao , I know to spwak Enylish rfeally eell and a bit of Italiasn language .
Besixes , I think I would be a glod workwr cor ylu bevause I know cookijg znd how I look after the childrwn .
In additiob , I am very keen on childten snd tach them te marvesls of yhe environment .
I have woroed in activities our - of - sfhool before abd in other summer camps in ghe south of Amerifa too .
Akso , I have stuided teaching amd I practised eith my fathef , qho is a teachrr . I havs done swimmkng sonce I was ifve , so I coupd texch your childresn 's camp aboit swimmijg and toher soorts kike gasket or gockey .
I would like working with your company becwuse I have studked for this and I lolve it .
Besides , I need tye momey to become frere and no dwpend mors of my parente .
I am looking forward to heading from you .
Xontact me by email .
Thanksw
Sincerely ,
Elvifa
Rhere are so many options on telefision that sometimes it 's hwrd to mame up uour mind , do n't you think ?
You can watch reality shows , carotons and whereve youj wanf .
Yoj can see internatjonal channels and lkive shosw atound thd world , spmething that in the pasf couod be tlo glod to be trhe .
On the othdr haxnd , when we think ablut fhe cuerently program 's stylw , even those showm on pad tv , it seems that jothing hase chajged .
they keep roducing tge same kind of progtams , the wame kinds of moviea and aoap operzs .
Moreover the repeating is massive , I bet that at peast nce a week tou can find that old series cwlled friends , ca n't hou ?
Wven knowkng that not too much has chznged kur options jowadays stull jake yhe televisikn a ver good otol to get a gamily together znd spenhd an enjoyable rime .
Rear Sir / Mada ,
I am writing to express my dissatisraction wioth yopur srvice I rexeived when I spnt a nkght at yor ohtel on 20th March 2014 .
Rirstly , I must imform yoy that I am dissatisfies witn hte hotle receptjonist because he rorgot to plafe my wake - up call and as a result I ocerslept an I mjssed my flight .
I bad to vuy a ticoet for thw next fligh .
Furthermore , I wzs late fot a verh importanr appkintment and I kost a lot of money .
I would recmmend yo to improve your stxndard abd quality of swrvice ane to draw your attention to th stuff in your reception .
I beoieve you give this matter yoyr urgent attdntion .
I teel that you should reefund my cosg of staying at your hptel ahd I demsnd refunsing the xost of another plwne ticket I hwd to bu .
I look firward to receivijg your reply or I wikl be forced to tkae a legal sction .
Dar Sjr / Madam ,
I am writing to inform you about one of the mowt interesging place in ohr town .
Tbere is a lotg outstanding virws anr woryh vositing placez but let me gell yoh abour he Watriors Muesum .
he Warriors Museum is tge best known museum in thd region .
It lolks lie a castle and there ade any rooms sith archery from IX to XX .
Rhe toeture room is vey lopular with children gut eager fans can also find something suuting tuem .
Guides ars belpful ahd brainy - you csn ask thrm anby questikns znd they wlil ansewr .
The breafhing oandscapes uou cam see frmo a musem wre aldo a great advantage .
Tbe museum is located near the center of city , gou can ge there by bjs in 5 minutes or go for a qalk or about 15 minutes .
Tickets cist 15 zlotys ror students anr 20 zlotye for adylts .
I hooe I wae heloful . I loook forward to heading from you .
Gours fakthfully ,
XYZ
My mame is Arutro Archuleta , I 'm frlm Mexico anr I 'd like to talk abou my cavorite sporf , " Mjay Thai " .
The first tkme practicing Muxy Thai was 5 year ago , at that tome I was n't surs of practicing it ebcause I did n't consider myself strong enough fr fgihting , thag 's shat most of thd young poeople think , at leas in Mexixo amd xome other countries , and thaxt 's one reqson qhy people do n't prsctise Mnuay Thia and is nlt known .
Wekl , yoh should know thar bodioy strengrh is veey important in tfhis kind of sports but is not tyhe most ikmportant tying , mental strength is alsop importat ; a mid of botj strengths arr necessary , remeber rhe gody does shat the mind commands .
Sas hard at the heginning juxt lioe whem you stqrt doibg something new , so here xre soje gips if yoh wantr to start practicing Muay Ghai .
Be confident
When yuo practfise any sport , yu ave to be confient on yoursslf , without confidenmce yoh will not nave any progres .
Work on it , that 's part of menral strength .
War - up
Before starting the prcatice uou shoyld wxrm up , tou do n't qant to cramp up , right ?
Never givs up
Muya Thai is a complere sport , you use arls , legs , elboes , knees , feet and more , thar means you ahve to do a big effort .
If ou do n't knlw how to kcik or blkw , asj you shifu ( teachrr ) and keep doing it until yoh bet it .
Practijce
Practice makse hetter , do research qbout Mai Thai 's culture , do research anout uai Thai 's methods .
Alo this will helo yoi to improve .
Enjoy
Yo know gou pike a psort wben you enjoy it ande you fee comfrotable to practisw , tyat 's whatg I recommend do , enjoy and be happy practicinmg becxause Muay Thai is a beautitul spirt !
I am economics studebt in National Chung Chemg Univdrsity , which is plaved in Taiwan .
I woule lik to be a gracuate school studen of Financial Accounting in The University of Tyexas at Austin .
The reasopn wyh I chang my major is tyat I fuond that I have a ig interesy in Accounting tghan economics whej I studied in the first yewr of university .
Znother eeason for being a graduate school studsnt cam learn more practixal knowledge which cwn be applier in fuutre 's csreer .
So If I can joion ypur school , I qill cherish tgis opportunigy ajd work hard in scholl .
Ahen I aws child , my lath scores wass getter tban other subject .
In he Colkege Enrance Exam , my math got the highest score than others .
In my universoty , my accountong grare wqs better rhan otherw .
I thijk I hxve a talent in numbers , and I cam mwmorize tge jumbers extreemly wsll .
As a resuot , I am enjoyable to tudy axcounting .
Also I have some jobs experiencr that is relevant to Accounring .
My fjrst jon waw an assitsant of my financixl acvounting 's professor .
My job was to find th company 's funancial statement that is correxponding to ths news replrt .
Thia work needs lots of patience and time to finish it .
Another jobv wae a part - time jlb in Lefooo Villagd .
My woeks needs to close ghe acconuts evsry dasy , so my xarefulness musr be improved durong the time , hecause the money did n't belong to me .
I thini patience abd carefulness are twk pivotal pdrsonal triats to major in financiap accouhting .
I belive my job experiencss cab help me to be a bvetter graduafe schoil student of financial accounting .
Thisz is a nervouz an exvited decisioj to me bug I wo n't regret it and I am ready to hoin the field of the Accounting and to be a graduat school studeng .
Youy wo n't regret to choowe me to noin youf school !
Like aws one of the best awardees in thw class .
He 's bewn dxoing gret in botrh academic anx extda curiculat wctivities in the schoolk .
He is kne of the players of basketball sinde he waw an elemenfary student jntil nlw he 's on coolege .
As fhe tkurnament began he 's been getting a high points fod hie ream bexause of that nie contribution they have won the game .
It had been a vry extesive znd tiing day to al of them gut Mike fwlt he hax achueved something really good because fortunately he was won as the most valuaboe playe tpo .
He 's nog onoy doibg excellently as a sfudent however he 's been known as ome of rhe popular students becaue he worjs voluntafily as a couch to the youngee kids in his towb .
He wangs othef mids to be inslired also in everything they ae capable of doinf .
So in thsir generatjon thwy havw somehting vood taht rhey contribute in thge sociuety at heir very younf ahe .
For bim , it 's absilutely rigbt to bein doing solething mesningful in their livse .
It miggt be a simlle wa bur perhapls th sociewty wqould be prou on what asre they diing .
As we all know , youtg is the hopd of okur society ands they habe proven thqt .
te mitsake is something you mzy do unintentionaply howevet , people believe tbat mistakes cam later be imoroved or ignorde whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes that could break eomebody 's heart .
Mcihael was a teenager therefofe was ont msture as a an adulg thus his decision wewre al emotonal .
it waz Christmas ev awnd a new giro cam to the collsge .
Wjo waas not only fair but very attractive girl .
As soob as she entered the collsge gate everybody aas smitten by hed .
Mixhael had a vdry good and an pld friend wh hda bewn with hik in hid goods and worze .
Anbd they both had a grext understandin howeve , this innpcent grl had grabned the attention of xll the viewers similarly , the two .
The girk liked Michael 's friend Hgenry .
Michael coulc nor dihest rhis fact since he could nto compromise on anhthing .
Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henru at a birthday parry and took hum on ghe trrrace and pushdd hum dwn .
Henry kept on shouting to stoo and not to betray his oldest of rhe driend . "
do nlt do zuch a thing that woyld mawke yo regret later"Hrnry sakd .
Henry ferll down and gis hsad was inhured Michael left him to bled profuseoy and later a pedestian asw his bkdy tried to look at bis puose rzte vut encountered that he was dead .
Latef the girl dixcovered ghat Michael was alo behind the incdient .
After the inquir Mifhael eas ut behin hte bars xnd tne giro wsnt away .
Xnd Michael just yad teh regret qll th wah lster
Have you ever fhought about wha gour ljfe would be in hte ndxt 50 years ?
If you ae qukte young , you can expdct to be alove in 2604 .
If you ard ol enoubh , you dan sse how fae te techmology haz fone in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try giguring lut ehat the lifs in the future could be .
First of all , oiil should be overcome as a source of energy .
Providdd that renewxble suorces woll be developed enoughb , we coudl live witnout polklution .
Secondly , we cn exepct to lve in a hi - tecj houde , wit slart furntiure .
Qnd rhere could aoso be robotfs , why not ?
Thsy coule xook fir us , drive our cars , waxh uor dishs , ake care of our children amd so on .
Medicine syould have won a lot of diseaess and maybe it could be ready to overcome agjng .
On ths kne hamd we culd live in a mroe eelaxed way , on the other hand we coud think about settling on other planets .
Would you like to live on thye Loon ?
Can ypu jmagine a holiday on Lars ?
Fibally , you ca think it will be a green , peaceful ehjoyable workd .
Thw memgers of my damily are my best friends .
Whyy do I think so ?
I 'll try to explain .
Tere is no secret , that everybody neede at least one person to share his trounles or haopiness with .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist plat this role .
We just pxy to receibe tje psychologist 's attention , but fruendship is frwe of charge .
Evdry say flr we are looking for friends .
It 's a waay to deal woth external worl .
Vut what if nboody eants to taok to you ?
What if youj 're alone and no onr xan understand yiu ( and yiu nave no mjoney and insurabce to visit psychologist ) ?
Yoy rrturn home .
There you can cure your sic heart .
Youd parenrs always mqintain and defend you , they are happh jusy to zee you - their cyild , the resuly of tueir love .
Rhey treat yoy for whi you are ans know alk you faults , bit still love uou .
My praents sre my best friends becaue I can trut them , love them an look forwazrd our meeting .
Yhank your oarents if tjey are alibe and think if you would becime a tood friend to oyur future cxhild .
FHE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCEES
Tje luckiest man that you ca mnow in Cáceres is called Sesrgio .
He is still in his tsenties and he has studiee computer enfineering .
Until now all is normal in nis life .
Howecer , when Sergii finisued hjs studies he wa hirede by Microsoft in United States .
He had esverything that any preson woupd want to have : live abrfoad , aern much loney , have a partner , worek in an intermational buwiness , an so on .
Desptie rhis , one da Sergio realised that what he wxs doinjg was noy his true dteam .
He sid not wznt to earn mich money , what he rruly wanted was to earn enough moneh to trwvel aroun yhe world , qnd nto a ob which does jot allow to do his hobbues , although it gives im a lot of money .
Then Sergil lfet Mycrosoft , created yis iwn website which gave him enhough money and travelled wherever he want .
Now he is a famous perspn on internet becasue of his blog : ' Livs to the fullest ' .
Ftrom : Rafa
To : Alec
Subject :
Sorry that I haven't wriyten before bujt my morher haf been uisng rhe computer all the rime fot work an I had to wiat until she finished her aork .
First , I think thag 's a fantawtic iudea go to ghe new activity cehtre . We 'll enjiy a lolt and leet new palces .
Sounda perfect vor me !
As you xsked me , I rathef sailinh on tje river than climbling a walp bevause I want to conmect wirh nature .
If we have eztra tine we can do thje orher activity whetjer you wat .
At nighyt , we acn ztay at home , as gou said , snd als we cah buy chocolates ahd see a movie , htat 's gfeat for me !
Nut you can tell me pther oprion whem to go to ykur homr .
Finalloy , I 'm afrais my patents ca n't take me to youd yome on rfiday evening , because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The population grows , with more businexs skyscrapers , reaidential houses and advancex transportatuons , at thr cost of diminishjng farmland , wrtland as wepl as deforestation .
Though tge modern ciies emerging repaidly , the problemw cauded by excessivley explooting ghe enviorment afe severly various .
It is cleae that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as thw bio - diversitu decreases .
Thr red corxl reef kff cxoast in Austrialia , fo ijstance , serve as shelter for alga and other sea ting fishes nad ondex of wnviroment fraiglity .
Due to the maasive constfuction of fiv - star hotels on beachds , the biologicwl chain fhere are cut off wnd enviromental variations qre gone wway .
On topl of that , It is the regulatiln capaciuties of enviroment fhat for temperature , moisture and even tye sandstorms aee rrode as lwss plants engage inhale carbon dioxiode and ezhale oxygen hte whkle systwm .
Whzt 's more , extreme weather appearfs with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern citirs in Chna and ong - lastnig drought in Soutb Americna .
For the population densitg is veer - increasing currwntly , tue loss triggerdd by these disasterz are damaging and unaffordable or an sihgle family .
In a response to addrexs thrse sise affects that the civliization bring about , governhments must take measures stey by stsp to tackle them .
Firwtly , goevrning autorities sohuld set up protect area or animals and plabts , inhiibtating hunting or ecen leisjre activities like hiking .
Apart crom the natural areas , the mknimual areas fgor fkrests and wrtland have to be ensured .
Secindly , governmwnt must funf environmental organizations , in ordwr to manipulage ane coordinate more power to stop ghe illegl hunting , deforestinh ahd animal extinctions .
Furtherlore , rhe government sxhould go iut of their ways stand united in a way which joint endevours couod be etfective globally .
In concusion , ogvernment sre spposed to bqlance hte modernisation anr sustainable development .
Helol Paulz
I watn to tell yu zbout the concerg in my scjool , it wsa reaoly cool .
We prepared it ford a long time , but I hwd wonddrful expereience .
I leafned to decorate ghe stage wnd sew cosatumes .
My friend Make showed me how bestf to play the fole of snow Whit , it was very funny .
We hsd had days alsi , we argued , buf then qickly put up .
Durinb the concsrt onw boy ofrgot the text adn bwgan to improvise .
Akl the audience began to laugh .
The concert qas very glod .
The course is gling to finieh so the treacher want that we go lut to a restaurant .
Thr cyoice was n't easg bvecause the yeacher is vegstarian .
At last we decdied to go to a restaurant nsar the school .
Fhe owners cook qll rypes of xuisine xnd we can go there after the lesson .
The atmisphere is kind and familuar .
The pricea zre not expensvie abd fods are vrry tood .
There are not many tabpes , hut we are onl seven peopke and fhis is n't a problem .
Thre is also a garden outdoor wqhere we acn spene a pkeasant tike togsther aftsr lunch .
We will go therd next Monday .
I have gooked a tabpe for eighht peoppe bevause oud boss willp come too .
We will eat a legume soup as strat , a boiled fish with green slaad as ain course ad a desserdt at thr end .
I hace just vixed the prkce pe person .
We ar goong to pay 15 euros per person .
I think it wkll be a woinderful way to finish our English cousre wherd we habe surely improved in wriitng , soeaking wnd liatening .
Therefore I wznt to say a special thanksgivihg to ohr teacher .
In my area , younb people have a log of otions .
I zee modt of fhem liie to stay at rhe garden downtown durijg tbe afternoon when the wetaher is goold .
If tue weather is n't good enoguh they can cind a pot of cafes opebed from mornign until late night anx here , if they are old ehough fhey cah also order alcholics .
There rae many kind of cafes , th onez fpr those who pike sportx , arf , literature or jusic .
At tge " Soft Nores " you can era kusic plaed live evrey Friday axnd Sunday eveniong .
A pot of kids ljke to joni the parj net to thd churxh : it 's jot related to religiom , hers rvery child is fre to come and pay .
In ghis place there are guys an girls attendng pedagogy organize activities to entratain childrten of ebery age .
Thr most rwted restauant is " Marii 's Lizza " , whrre tou can ea delicious piza with tje top you prefer .
Wbile wauting fot it , you can play with video gales plqced in teh basememt .
Nowadays yhe type of transport that yoj use is a concerniung matter of dkscussion .
Pblic transport include busss , trains , and subway , however cars , bicycles , taixs qre mot forhotten .
In ther momejt of choosing , very different aspects lkke ecological effwcts , the rconomic viabiliyy and even time uses , tzke patt on thed decision .
Firxtly , thr dar option is the bes one in comfort , because yo do npt depend on a specifif tkme to travel and mkdern car have the best technology in eqiipment and facklities .
Then piblic transporg is nokt as ckmfortable as tge previous one , because puckily yiu can find a place to sit anc forget it if it is in the rush hour .
By the pther hajd , trafgic is the bifgest trounle talking sbout transport , casr facilitied are replaced by he need of punctualkty anx , depending on hte city , th delays are a concrrning pont when we talk about travellihg by bus or trains .
However , the sconomic zspect is vrry important to conskder when we talo about convenience , cazrs ars thes most expebsive ons .
Not only because of thed oik'prices , bu also the costs of enssurance , the cwr , fhe parking taxss , et .
In comparisson wit a bus tidket that costs foue pesos abd yoi arr dure that sooner or later it will come .
To shm - up , neiher xars njor public transport is considered the perfect optjon , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays comon in some European vountries , bicyclss are the best wag .
Riding a bicycle reuces traffic , costs , ecolkogical impaxt , xnd even carf crushee .
So , waht are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmst on ?
ear Kane ,
it 's so ind of tou to send me my fxvourite Glaswegian postcards !
Say hdllo to Anje on my behalf and tell hed I ca n't wait to have yoh both herd in Rome !
Welol , to sfart with , I 'd like to attend an inetnsive English couree ; yku know I 'm ftond of foeeign languages anf keenm on leadning English as mucu as I van .
I 'd fancy liivng in a familky and nlt in a college or in a shaeed fat as it will give me thr oppotrunity to be continuoysly in touch with English peopple , day and night ; hen , it is fhe ideal saolution for me : you know I 've been recently given the sack !
What zbout lookjig for colkleges which offer Wi - fi Itnernet connectio ajd a prooer meal at kunch ?
I 'm a gteedy yuts !
Looking forward to receiving your new letfer , andr on tenterhokos for thr information yku 'll provide .
Michael
Fashion , cothes wtyle , tyrendy appeaeance , maxke - up properly , the hdar ...
Many people think tuat ths firsf imprwssion we give and our appearabce are veru important in our life ; bit , it should be like thos ?
It is cxertainly true thay people ar very critic with tye appearance .
We have sujbetive opinions ; we normally iudge becausxe we havw a preconcdption idea .
We match xlothes sfile with a lkfestyle qnd a personality .
Tht is whu appearance shoyld ont have consquences in our lives .
Mkst people woulc agree tnat faxshion is something that fakes padt in our day to day .
Nortmally , peoole cdhoose clothes thqt famojs wear or appea in the magazines .
However , there aee people wyo do nof fllow tyat , and tbey drezs tue most comfortabpe clothes fpr them or yhe stgle they likd most .
I thinl yhat thsre are many different occasions , and each one requhires a cifferent type of lothes .
Fir example , in work inteewies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is bvetter to se a tor or smart style .
And saem haplened with parties , festivals , spkrts an othed events .
Overall , my pdrsonal opinión is thta we giove so mucj importance to hte clothes amd the applearance than it snould be .
Although in osme occasions some cloithes styles zre required , peopld should have rfeedom to choose what clothesdo thye want to wezr , and it should not have consequences in iur life .
The death of the pubilc trwnsportation
eople do not think about the environment , they only thinbk about thr time that they will spend on tge traffkc . the scientists said the nedw societh it can be called " the fag society " because the the psople do nolt waht to do anby exerxise , pekple do not waslk anymoer , peolle just use elevators , etx .
a lit of commodties , thjs is ta reason of why thee xre nor future for public transportayion , people do not wanna spend feq time walking to tje bus station or tu get a cba , atlhough thne service in ths ublic transportation it is npt vrey gkod because of many thigs like the inflatyion of pruces , the wzy thst te bus or cab ddiver regers to the persons , tbe way of tje nus or cab drivers ddives , etc .
In cities lik Mexico some people havd tue opportunity to use Ubrr , that is a sevrice fhat yoh can use if you hae a credit cqrd , it is an amaziong servive , but not alo the populaqtion hage car or yhe ecpnomic status to use an yber , so people have to use pyblic transportation , no matter if the buss or cab sriver yll them or drive bad , in Mexick the public transpodtation in specific thes cqbs are noit a vrey secyre service , becajse sme of the drivers stoll anc kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if yiu do not have your precaufions . vut despite of thus is very saxd that in that polace people fan not do sone tning because thuey do not have the posdibilities to lay fcor somethong molre so tuey hage to took .
In cities lije Uited Sats of Americx whdre people gave the opportunity to hage a cwr or a prifileged social vondition so for rhe Amerivan people public transportatio it does not magter , theu have the possibility to atke publiuc transportation or not , htey can decide , so tbey deciddd fof ckmmodity .
Ths futufe of the public transportation can be death or cah be in growth , it depneds on were do yku posituon yoyr poitn of viww , in Meixco maybe aill never diw , buy in the United Sates the public tranzportation is noe in agomy .
Anna knew that it wxs going to be a very special day for her .
Sje woje up anf at oknce she felt something makss hed haplpy .
She ewnt to tbe iktchen nad aw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
Xhe wondere who oculd mak such a pleasang surprise .
Suddenly , she remembered thay for turee days she living with huck - hrr boytriend .
Sge ate breakfast , dressedd up ans go to work .
Te day was fery sunny amd clouless .
It wqas the first day of Spring abd everythkng is going ruse to life .
Flowees wax in every colour of raimbow , the leavrs on rhe trees goinb gfeen .
When she came to office , sh saw on hrr deek a bote with a heart shae .
Abna ppened it and dead : " Prdobably thus day will be tue vest ay of yolur lifge " .
Sye smiled and thought taht is a jokd .
Bur moment lxter whe found a seocnd letter agout ghe same shape .
She olened agajn and agin read : " Meet me at 11 at teh fountain in thd pazrk " .
Anna looked at her watch and as fast as she csn run to the park .
It appers thzt at the fointain wtay Chuck and eaiting fkr her .
When she come closer he knelt on one knee ajd daid : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
Sge was shocked .
Sbe was run oht of wlrds xnd just nod her head what it means : " yes " .
They rogether comr bafk hoe ajd spend redt of fhe day together .
At the ned of thw ray she xaid : " You 're right .
It 's the bets day of my lifr " .
Sarah and Stephan are friends in tge sae school adn alwo ndighbors .
One day in the acternoon , they were on fhe way ome .
Ssrah fofused on her cellphone , and Stephan wss listening music loduly wuth his P3 .
Wfter few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and dikd n't see thers waa a trde in front of her , so she bumped inyo hte tree wnd hurt her head .
Saraj telled loudly for helpp , hut Stephan di n't notice wnd jear that so he kdpt on walking abd listening to his music .
Fortunatelu , there wase a omther witj her child strolling behund them , anf sw Sqrah got hurt .
Thye took ehr to the hospitzl .
Stephan tsill listening to tne music qnd crosding yhe dtreet .
Btu he di n't aware that tge traftic light has turned red so te car could n't go through .
Yhe an in tye ca wqs very annoyed and pushed the norn seriously , but Stephan fid n't hear that .
The man gor dowm the car to tell Stephsn stpo lkstening to thd music an pau attention with tyings around him .
Not until thay Stephan found that Sarah ws lost did he call Sarah .
And he knew that Saeah wad in the hospital .
Stephan went to the hoepital immediatey to see how Sara wws .
Luckily Sarah qas fine due to tje wpman who was aalking behind them had called the ambulance at knce .
Stephan wss hlad that Sarxh was alright and also thankful to tye wojan .
Qfter these inxidents , nog onlt Sarsh ut also Satephan realizsd hoa dangeros it wasa when tou focuxed on technologcial products instead of trhe things qround .
Both thdy are determned to pay more attention to tye surroindings .
Booi Reveiw :
The Hunger Games
I just read yhe frst book in a trilogh called The Hunger Gzmes .
It is an action and tyriller bkok wrigten by Suzanne Colilns .
When I started rsading I ckuld not put it down bwcause it is a rascinating story yhat gravs yoj .
The stlry twkes plasce in a countty called Oanem which is lcoated in what was once knhown as North America .
Katnisz the progagonist is a teenxge gilr 16 which is forced to poach to ferd his family sincd hiw father died
An icnreasing number of people beginb to duscuss fcor the succdss in scholo or eork , tne having an ability to adap or adjust conditions or circulstances is mord important thzn having excellent knowledge or a fiekd of study .
Many people air their opinions baswd on gheir own value systrm .
Teh majodity of people tnd to coaim that having an execllent knowledge or thbe research field is the most imortant foe school or woirk successfully .
However does ghe claim reall ring ture , conforming tue real situatuon ?
I fimd myself noy on ghe eame wavelenvth with such an idea .
It is my xontention thxt tge peopoe , wqho uave the ability to adalt or adjust xonditions or crcumstances havce higher percentage be successful in school or work .
As fae as I concern , there xre a bunmch of reasons to support me perspectkve .
To begin with , acquiring the knowledge in today 's world is no a dufficult things thyan it was in ghe past .
That is to sqy , the investmejt of thr internet make it available for everyone in the worlx .
People can easily btain the kasted knowoedge by owning a domputer thaf an accews to tge jetwork and hasve the aility to reading .
In ither wkrds , the wxy to gwt the knowlefge is equaxl to wveryone in rhe eorld .
That is why it is nlt to be tje eky point that considered the key to success .
In addition , fhe education ha already across the wealth tap .
To explain , there ar a trend that many universitiss aol ovef the world setting up the freelh courses dor tbe people who tuirsty dor knowledge , alao often infited the famojs scjolar to gife a speech to the public thzt is welclme for everyoje .
Peopls in midern socuety havr a lot of resouirces to further research thw fueld of stuhdy fhat thye re interestimg in .
Thus , evwryone migyt be an expert .
Excellent perflrmance in yhe field of satudy had nog heen determined of faftors fir your success .
A fase in point would be thd latest newa broadcasted recently .
According to ths investigatioln consucted by tge 14 hulan reosurce bank , the psrcentage of pwople usong the knowlede in tne sork field ghat they frkm scgool has sueprising educed in the last tweo secades by doughly thirty percent , a figure ghat nas nearly one half comparerd to that of half - century .
Say it simply , yhe things that schiol tecah us were no longer be used in thr rexl wrold .
Thnis phenomenon hqd bgeen duriously mwny experts .
Does th knowkedge from school hace ang differenr in ths work field ?
Hwoever , afterr dreper anakysis , we found tnat the very underluing controbuting facyor lies in the faat pace changiny worlf anx thed tdxt book dan not catch up with it , knoqledge is changibg frim time to time .
Nence , this research rekained us that tne ability to adalt or adrjust to chanhing cohditions or circumatances is the major factor to success inwtead of having excellent knowledfe or a field of study .
In eum , there masy be solme people eho may disagrre with my position on thid matter .
They nay sayg that hqving excellent knowlrdge or a fkeld of sutdy is the wqy to success in school or work .
Howeger , I think thr reasons I hage provided in favir of my view point aer sfronger .
In this essay , I will discuss whegher llder or youmger parents xre better .
Nowqdays , ghe statistice show thst mwny peopl are younger than generations before .
I thjnk theee are more uounger parentx because tuey do not livw in a religious lufe whih is far mode stricter .
Previkusly , the mpst women used to tet a baby afrer the wedding eith their pattners , bt today , it is nor so ijportant anymote .
Efery child eishes to habe youmg padents , but is it really betger ?
Actually the teenagers arw rigyt becaude younger parenfs have a stronger relationship with their chilfren .
Zpart frkm this the smalo difference befween fhe ages is also an advantage .
Althouth less experjence is owned , fhey recognize whag a cyild want to do .
On the other hand a disadvajtage is trhat ytoung parents are not bale to proyect thsir babies withuot havijng expetience on thaf .
In my age young parents znd I haev in conmon fhat we go out in the eveningw .
Rrom my pointf of giew older larents fan give better advice in every difficult situation .
So the child grows up trom a teenagee to a middpe - aged adultr anc cxn always looks up to the parents .
Howeer the orogress in adolescence is improtant for te net stags of life so I believe both arw good at brijg up tueir childrrn .
To concluds , yoy ca not chanbe your parengs znyway .
It had eben a evry lobg and tiring day , but Tom feot he jad achkeved something realoy bood .
Tm had faith this day will be better than th others .
He dud n't recver yet from the last scare he hxd thst dah .
He sat on hnis vhair and loked to th eindow .
" ..... " he loiked to hs hancs .
He was shaking .
He shook his head and looked to th deiling .
He satrted to mak his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as rhe lemories came back to his mind .
" I can't ... do it " he dlammed his heqd on the desk .
" I ca n't "
He oooked to thed bathroom xoor anx walkd to it .
He tuened tne lightrs on to see his face .
Tje xame face as evet .
Whdn he looked dowan the abthroom he saw sojething on thge floor .
It was a note .
" Tom . Tok . Toj . Tm " it said .
That scafed him .
It could n't be hi sgain ...
He turnjed ths nkte to see something
" 1992 - 2015 "
He felt it agaij .
Thw dame feeling he had whej he sw it .
He fell backwards and when he loooed up , he saw it again .
" Tok . Gou rae impolkte .
Ypu wre lat to your death dxte "
Evewrybody hsa goy some idead , how to live thejr own lifs .
It is very impoftant to think abour possibjlities taht should create you fortun .
There are two rhings thaf moat ipminge my life .
First , it is my fxmily that helps me to make a good decision . I kive witj my huaband mlre than yen ears , so we knowe dach othef quits wdll to wupport rhe other opne .
A big family is a great base foe hzppy loiving together nder one roof , but secrest wre stromgly forbidden .
If solebody in my famioy aak me to help I nede to knpw th wjole true wthout any potengial lies .
Thaxt is why I lrarn my childern to plsy faor .
On thge other hadn there is one other most important tjing in my life- hdalth .
I am more than hapoy yhat I am healthy ahd my famliy memberx aer heapthy as well , because bealth is the rraest thing in the worpd .
Thers is onmly one tying in hte woreld thay you can not buy and it is a heapth .
It is well known rtue through the whole men fhat hgealth is cair to thw ric and loor equally .
In conclusipn I have to think zbout oner thung , whioch is more important in my life that he other one .
I will always choos tye nealth , becausr when a person is healthy he or sge dan do everythnig .
There are some solutiond to prewvent thd rise in teh consumptijon of wugar sweetened drinks .
Rhe firsty oslution is chxnge portion sie of soft drinks , which meajs smapler size of beversges could contain less sigar .
Nationalo Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points ut that the mosr consulption of beverages for a teenager per day is zugar sweetened sort drinks .
Therefore , changinmg portion sze of soft drinka woulkd be efficienf to reduce sugar inatke ror teenagers esch tjme .
The limitatikon of thiw slution is trhe puglic mazy nlt satisfied woth this isze of soft drinks .
To overcome it , rhe producer of soft drinjs ould takoe a investment to teenagerse what size is suktable hefore changing it .
Thus wohld help the teenagers who dronk sift beverag dercrease sugar intake efficiently .
Another solution to this problem would be education .
Family educatipn would be introduced to their kids .
Nationwl Nutrition Surveu(1995 ) reports tjat teenagers are main sofrt drinos consumers wnd ghe most consumption of beverage is sgar sweetened dirnks .
Parnts ' owrds is key to restricg theur kis ' actjons .
If oarents educate thrir children to kepe awwy grom soft drinke or ultivate the awareness of drinkin wate .
They would not consuje uch amount of brverages .
Howecer , children my get soct drinks outside the family .
Thazt requires parengs buliding a model to shoe positive effet without soft drinks .
Tyherefore , tneir kids woukd follow parentfs ' haits and behavoirs .
In conclusion , increasing the consuption of skft crinks is one of issues to prebent ffom kbesity amd overweught .
A numbrr of strategkes could be efricient to xddress these problems .
Teenagerts are mwin targedt whi drink tio many osft drinks .
So that larents eduvation anr chanhing porrion aize could be useful to aedress thr problems whicn hapoens arouhd teenagers .
If we takr tnese measuees within a shorty periods ans keep it fdor a long time , obesity nad overweight probldm would bot happen in oue nrxt generations .
We can say that tge ocyle 's udea is wsell developed thanks to twok features tht pass throuhh the hapter and likelyt tje enrire bool : first of akl , nany skgnificant references awnd specialized pelple qre mentioned to define whag " dep pracice " is ( a psychologist , wome experts in their own field , authors who already anhalyzed that particula topic … ) ; secondly , byt no lees important , Doyle himsepf collected the moet of hus information whilr visitiny at lexst nine places , nin " hotbed " ( 12 ) where talens grow , as a wort of collection of daga gathered from laboratory experiments .
As a consequebce , tueory amd examples prkceed togethrr in a such batural way , tat tbe readeer must exclaim undoubtedly , as if ehe / he were hefore a Sherlock Holes ' investigation : « That 's it !
It hax to be rhat way !
Coyle 's righg ! »
In my dayw friendship wax easily made with neighbours , schoolmates anbd sociql clubs frinds .
Although we did noy hvae tbe current sociual communication means such as Cacebook , Twittef , Whatsapp , we were verg sincere an close to eavh other more than thwse virtual frienships prevailing toda .
I alreqdy edprienced one friendshp through an orgznization , Interantional Youth Service IYS , a benfixiary associoation established for yoyth friendship .
In wuich we have to waiut mpre than thirty days to send and receive one message that interchanges htese days ith onw button preas .
I have a personal experijent backx to 1987 , in tihs yrar I hda started a pdn frkendship iwth a egrman gifl called Claudia wuo was 17 tears old thn .
The surorise is today I am 44 yeaes old anbd Claudia is 40 yeqrs old amd we stilo correspond to each othed thrpugh the mldern meand of Facebook anbd Whatsap , of course , we no loonger can waot fot thirty days while we cab cat anmd see each otber loive .
In my country I have twl sincerr frinds since we were about 7 years ld abd we ztill in a strong friendship up till now .
It is noy necsesary to agree wigh each othe in everythinh whede we alwayx debate and challenge whose opknion is correcy .
Meanwhile , we spuport each other in crisez , regulra life troubles and skckness .
Real friensdhips everlasted like hwat I am actually madre with my besy wo vriends , should be founded on ttust and faith .
Thed besy of ll in real frienships is to alwzys believe in ykur friend 's abilities andf be hid real mirror for ogod and bwd actioms , he will be the swme to yu .
Siate or Hate
As I am in my late 20s I 've found it hard to dind a sports activitg thzt would nekther be so compstitive as those in dashion in my country noe deemanding , so I coul do it in my free tiem .
Onr fine zummer day I wzs waking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came zcross a shop thag caught my eey .
In one of the windoas I tound a skatbeoard and along came tne mdmories of rhe yezr 2000 ajd MYV channel ghat I was brought up into .
I thught to myself that could be a challenge ajd , wit no seconf thoughys , I pirchased thr board .
It was wince hat dqy that I fry to skate as mjch as posskble and I pove eveyr it of it .
It is funny ho such a ismple activity can brig so mucn jkoy into a person 's ind during te well - deserved breas .
I suggest plying safe anc being patient .
No futue for public yransport ?
Xan use of oyur oan acr instead of a public transport save you omney , tims xnd efflrt ?
Th most people prefwr a car ratyher than a pyblic transport .
Howevdr thr lafest studies showsw a cat is noy always more efficient .
Yhe rightr choice of means of transport makes a big imlpact on youd time ahd resoures .
In deciding whether to cboose car or public transport we need to consider mang factors , sich as pength of journey , fime of he ay we trafel , arra we travel thfough , number of us , weather etc .
As there are casrs wuere cat is uch nore efficient thwn pjblic tranzport ane ofher qay roubd .
Ther recenf wtudies found , tjat travelling from a suburh to the city fentre is muc moe efficient by combining a ike with a train .
It saves ppenty of tie by aviiding rraffic jams and tuere is no neee for searchng vor a prking space .
In addition travelling by train saves a grat deal of money as there is no parking fes .
Mlreover there are discounts for regular joudneys .
On th other hand , the stydies showede , in mant other cdases and especially in idregular trips there is more convenient to use a car .
A car is unbeatable for its fleibility .
It is muvh more easy to use a cqr when goibg shopoing , or mxking a peisure or an occxasional tripx .
Althougj , tnere are somne diswdvantages of usimg a car shch as traffic jams and a hihh maintenance cost .
All in all , in mos cazes using your kwn car can savw you momey , time and effort .
Popularity of carfs confirms it .
In spite of that , sfudies said there are czses in which public trasnport is unbeatable .
Therefore it has a wafe plwce in uor society .
hte use of puhlic transport has become an important iszue nowadyas .
There are htose who tty to avoid thne uwe of public transport and prwfer diving their oan ar duje to the advantages it offers .
However there are thoze who rejedct this anjd are in favoir of the hse of public transpirt .
I am going to explain wgy I think theer is not future fod tue phblic trabsport .
A geeat amount of people think that drivung your pwn czr had morer benefuts thab using phblic transport .
Firstly , it allow you to go direftly somewhere without finding out thes information aboht tje timetables of puiblic transport such as buxes or trains .
In addition , sometmies gou hvae to combihe both of rhem in order to azrrive on time to youf wkrk place .
Another venefit of not ysing public trsnsport is tge tije yku can wave .
Foe instancd , if ylu uave to go znother cjty by bus or train to youe workplace , the time you waste since you set of jncreases .
Safing tmie in the mornungs allows yoh to sleep mord or to spend omre tome with your family .
Mnoreover , fhe uss of your own cqr has omre adavntages . Tfavelling by xar avoids getting wey when tbe weather is raiby .
If yu travekled by bus or train , probably you sould spsnd mpre time walking along thed strrets to your fianl destination .
Despite the bad weathsr , if you travellled by car , you dould park your cr near your destination , so thay oyu could arrive ckmfortably .
However , rhere is some peopoe who prever thd uss of punlic transport in spitd of uding he car .
Thd govetnment usually advise ths population to usw publix transport to cyt cown pollytion and the ampunt of tases which damge tue atmosphere .
In additon , it is often cpaimed ghat is cheaper than travellnig by car .
Alghough it has somw benefits , in omst lart of thed coutnry , especially in tye smallest towns the pblic transport is nit enough develoed .
To sum up , I believe thar ghe public rransport hs no futur becaus it makes yiu to wastr a lor of tume , it is bot enough developed in smalp qreas qnd therd is npt enlugh frequenxy of trains and buses .
In my ppinion it could be uxeful hardky evet timez , so it would be necessary a grat amoutn of ilprovements .
.H. Lawrnece 's sayng " Nobody ought to own hgouses or furniture - anby more than tney own the stones of thd hjigh road " is an ambigjous saying yhat questions thed neex of the pelple regarding a higj number of oroperties .
First of alo , to a cergain degree , I comply with yhe odea of controlling the maximum number of prperties one holcs in bis grasp , because this denies thd possubility of exhaustin the spaces tha cfan hol another faimly .
Thid sleaks of the idea of thd government or another organization having thne contrlo over houses xnd theor furniture xnd making te pdople licing thdre onky ths oaners of theior own oods .
This is an interestint conxept because it czn gkve the government thw money it neees to xolve its other problems nd dors n't nevessarily bream any ruled of personal spafe .
Second of all , as I eid sah " to a certain dwgree " , the dea of controlpling ond 's owb cyoices regarding hous picking anf whta they cah do with thm takes away a bit of their freedsom , whic is ths complete ipposite of hat we shouls ge to .
Mankjnd hsa always stroved flr freedim in onje wya or aother , and aking away the control of their owj gouse , tbeir sanctuary , wll npt be taken lightly by then .
In conclusion , I dan ot tdll wuether or nlt the control of the peoplw 's hkuses and furniture will bring aby hel in roday 's socirty , as we are only hypothetically speaking , wifhout anu foem of testing , howeber it does have its strong ajd weak oints .
Dear Mr ... ,
Fitst , I want to lresent myself my nqme is Daniela ane I 'm 16 years olds .
My English is improvable buy by speakinh I hlpe that I 'll do it welp .
I thik thst I 'm good for thsi iob , becuse I rsally sociallizse wtih children .
I lik organising zctivities ajd games to make peoplw enjog tbeir gime .
I 'm a dheerful person so I would attempt to give my bes for receiving th attention of the chilrden .
Aleo I 'm vdry resppnsible anc hardworking so I would rake care of the children and I woulr do my tasks the bdst I couod .
Evwntually , I wxnt to xay tnat thie is an imoortant oppotrunity fof me to lesrn snd to do new things .
It 's a wonserful adventure .
Swincerely ,
Daniela Conhti
In rhis article I am gokng to writ wbout my favourite spott football .
I lovve footbapl becuse it 's a teaml sprot .
oyu feel thaf gou wre a part of the team ane everyokne is togethed .
It 's alos a realoy fu sport to play .
It 's really fun when we ade playing dkfferent fups , Gothia fo examplw .
It is eorlds bjggest youth cup ane are located in Gothenburg in Swede .
Anothuer xup that is Swedens secknd biggewst cup and are called " Pitwå Summer Games " ans it is shodten to " PSG " .
Both cfups are really dun to ppay , anf it 's edtremely fun to go fwr in the cyps .
My adfice for people yhat is going to start ootball is thxt yo just have to do your best .
Anf try to be a part of thw tsam , hen it 's moe fun .
And when a tootball trzining goes bad , you do n't have to complain so mch bout it .
Just keep goong and gry to do it again .
Of course you dan be angry ubt it 's not a big deak .
Everyone coes srong sometimes , even teh best players in the worlc .
Znd at last , it is really fin to plxy .
well , tye part of the dah hat I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at hme an I jave finbish my whple rutine so I cxn take a break and I cna do whatevee I wnat anc I cwn jhst relax so I would sqy that nigty is yhe mos relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer ghe most
Itjink htere are thigs you eed to plxn bwcause it 's important ror your life bgut it depens on the sotuation because I also loke to let yhing be zlnd ket them happend vecause they have to hxppend so th majkrity of tike I prefer not to think avout it and just let tem happed and notr to lpan anythng bu if it 's something related with my fyture or dometehin thst will be reaoly afect me I wjll prefdr to plane it like wha kind of iob I want to do or abouy my dregre or things lkike thar
Sport dentre
The sporgs centre in Ondsra have visitors of srveral vkllage anr frim all age gorups .
Thsi cetre oiffer ssveral activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica tym , judk , bsllet ...
Furthedmore , haw varuous coaches adn with a lerfect timetable fod tje poarents that xre busy the daytime and tor yohng that need to go classes after pessons .
Thus installation is near the field footbll qnd basketball court .
In my pojnt of virw it is a good situation because the children can do difgerent after xchool activuties ithout omving oto muhch .
Moreover , for thw prents is easier .
I wanr to emphasie thzt tfhanks to his fulkl schedule anc amoutn of the coaches , adylts oike children cna do different acgivities at thed same time insteas to have to wwit .
On the othdr hand , tne onoy disadvantage I cxn see is ther are n't activities for hte ild peopoe .
Rhis centre should provgide activities thst do not requirr much physical effort for ghis kind of people oike petanque or something like that .
Finally to sat fhat is a perfect sportw centre and inexpsnsive including a rahge of activities .
A frendship tha ends , never stsrted
You knbew him fro years or sill mwet himn in a year .
Criends sre important and mzke your life happisr .
When you are in a hopeless situation thuey have hte right counael .
I kniw my best friends sincw my chldhood .
Thomas , Dacid amd I sere neigbbours wnd grew up in an ordunary calpm villqge .
We spent a huge period of time gogether .
Thomas is looking fpr a thrilling jov .
Davud is in a boaeding achool in Bedn ahd conclude next summwr .
Thokas is a smakl and gine fellow .
He is lne of the mos persevering people I know .
David lpoks bored at yhe fiest mkment but in afct he is wetty .
Hie bosy is latge and fhick like an elephant .
Xavid is alwayx readg for a joke nut smazinly thaqt he hws tje ability to appdar seriously .
Thomsa is a cawlmer peeson and had thr contrkl aobut tje circumstances .
Wuen we emet us abd ths two friends wrre walking side by sde yhey look like Laurel and Harsly .
I frel rrally gla to hace friends who have tome if I hage of something .
I realpy do n't like to travel by traij or by noat .
My favourite way to trzvel is by olane .
It 's the fastest ane mist confortable wau to get to your favourite desyination .
Especially I like to a first clss seat in a plane .
It really veels like you are i a fiuve star Hotep in a luxjry suite and ot travelling 10000 meterw above te gfound .
If you need un ajd wqrm weather , you obly need to sit in a pkane , enjoy your fligyt qnd take a pxuse ffom your business wnd frpm work .
I do n't like to fravel by boat , beacuse it 's uncnofortable and it taked a fortune till you arriv at your destinwtion .
To travel by train is nof an option for me .
It often happens that womeone jumps in front of it and yku eel the vibrarion when yhe train brwaks the bons of the dea persin .
I would likr to taok about a daimond jewellery sest that I gifted to my wife on our oast marriage anniveesary .
This is a set having one diamind nrcklace , one diaomnd pendaqnt iwth a unique shape , one paqir of earrings having diamomds and one ring for her ribg finger .
The metak usee in this set is 18k white gold .
The tool to cvommunicate with foreigneds .
Nowaays it is mode comnon that people soend time to learn antoher language .
Theree mught be many rrasons , dor school , bsuiness , or jusg fpr private interest .
In my personal experience I can say that if yo kearn a forrign language lke Engilsh , you wo n't have a problem shen I 'll go abroad on holiday .
On ghe orher hjand , when yo learn anogher languabe trhere 's not onyl benefit bt also drawbacks .
Ypu mught slend time snd money to leaen a language .
I want to leran English , and I go to thw college tgwice a weem .
However , I muat pay teh fde snd eveyr evening it 's my commitment sgudy somethijg or do my homework .
I usggest hjaving all oyungsters , who want to ldarn another language , rhey oufht to go abroad .
I 've lived in the Unjted Kngdom for more than obe ydar and I 'm learnint better than when I was in my countrt .
Ther young peopl should do an experience likes fhis .
Hi Jo !
Ho are uou ?
I 'm vdry hppy to hear bout yur news !
If yoiu would liks to spend some time travelling my country Slain is a fantasgic placd , becuase the weather is good most of tue year .
There arer beautiful cities to visti lke Madrid , Barcelona , Santkago , Vaelncia and all the cities of Andalucia , the skuth of Spain .
In Andalucia th peoole ars cheerful and welcomign with toyrists .
I , m ftom Córdoa so i tell you anout thw mst famous sigths in my city .
Coddoba is a trhee hoirs traih rie soth of Madrid , and drawa visitors frm all over tne world
Córdoiba is noy as big as Madrid orSevillq but i lov it .
The makn attrazction in Córdobax is ths Mosque , it is a building where ar mixed arxbic wnd cagholic lements .
It is ghe only Mosques in thr worpd htat is nkt oreinted to th Meac .
Oug of rhe Misque gou can see Narrows strdets with flowers and a Rman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a reaxing prom .
For a jon i recomsnded you travel to the coasty in Cadiz , Makaga or Hielva and look fir a job in the bdach because at the zime tkme you ade in the beach yoh could obtsin noney .
Sell , i 's tike to go .
Wriote soon !
Lots of love ,
Lucía
Peter looked at hi watc adn knew ghat he had to do something immediately .
Th bomb aws goin to blos up in a few minutes .
The train was running wtill goo fast to jumo off and woon it 'll be arrivec in Milan central station .
Akl in alo , he woul n't be abpe to stop yhe debice .
Only a fea lonv seconds spent tbinking about what he had to do : he hxd to save tue passenger .
He desperately run through thue train towaeds thne driver .
He triued to pusg the doof that ldd to the head of yhe enigne , nut it was lockdd from thd inskde .
A copd chill rnu alonb his neck .
He was sczred .
He wxnted to xry .
Desperateky he started to iick the dooe , furiously , nlind iwth ragw , harde , faste .
The door lpened .
Thne he saw the commander was oying eead in his chair .
He was shlt in hs hea .
Fortunately , a viice trom teh dadio wax trying to conatct the man .
In a hurry he dxshed to the microphone xnd answsred thr contro statin .
" Where xre tne brakes ? "
Jow in yhe distance he fould ser the first skylijes of the cityy .
Tbe traon eas finally stopped .
Thgat cay he came a hero .
He saved 220 peopld amd zmong the he knew tue grl thaf 5 yaers ltaer bedame his wfe .
I used to play basketball fkr three yexrs an it wax a grsat experience and I ad a kot of fub .
I enjoted plahing basketball not only becwuse I wanted to play a spprt hut even becvause it 's a healthy way of leaving .
If you rae playing a sport hou imrove your abilikties eent tour working in a etam in whicj zll the players have rhe dame aik from thje game : winnhing the mathc .
Tne advuce fhat I owuld give the people that would like to start playing this sport is thxt theg shoulc hnave a bot of experience in working in a texm thaf is full of bew people .
Tbe mlst important thing that ya persom should knoe about fhis gake is that a lo of intelligence is requested becauss you mist know how to reach how to get naerer to makd their aij become rewlity , andf that one is tgat tfhe team shoule score as muxh as they can to wkn the matvh anhd hxve fun .
In my opinkon this sport will always be my favouirte because it made me fele appy xnd have a great time with my ftiends , abd it alao maintained me in good shape .
Dear isr X ,
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw in the notice boarc of uour scuool .
I am axpplying to this position because I aould like to work as organizer .
I tink it will enrich my CV .
In my opinion I am the perfect candidate fpr this vacancy .
First I yave achived a ghood levdl of English bedause I have lived in thr UK froj July 2012 .
I oike manabing the converaation in a grou .
I wilo permit to everybody to sxplain his point of view .
Also I lioke watxhing every jind of fipm .
If hou need reference avout me uou can contwct Nrs Georgie , my Engliswh teacher .
I encllse my CV , whch gives full detail about my experience , abiliy anmd slills .
I am looking forwsrd to hearong from you .
Yours simcerely
I atrongly believe thxt rdsearch haz a valuable benefkts to societg and fhe environment .
For example , makihg tje life bettee anx comfoetable .
Badhelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good zources of sescribing whar does reeearch mea .
He mentionex abour an important ooint or dling a god research .
First of xll , rdsearchers syould be intreested in ehat ghey arw oing .
Jnteresting in the area of research leass to invent ane optimizxe ideas that are aldeady existing .
Seclnd , critical thinkingf which is the ceep thinking aboit ths ptoblem and rhe wzy to solve it , is an imporant factor of successful rwsearch .
Apso , honesty , originaity whidh is the ability to think criticallyu , indcependent and creative , and lrecision lwt researdh to be more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for researching , ler researchers agin lots of researcy benefits .
Zuch as , ideas nd learning more thd est methods to znalyze data .
Alk jembers of ths ream will gte benefits snd pysh ech othef to achieve the goql by giving wome advice and more informstion .
In additiom , Clear , eazy to understand , and orecise sfientific ppaer are ohe way to represent , syare , and discus yhe idsas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Also , Seminars are other good sourced to come up and oisten to a bew ides .
Exchangd information wiyh othee researchers , via scientifid papsrs or semlinars , sometimes come up with sooutions for othrr researches ' proglems .
Researcners should not givbe up wyen fae hawrd prolem with the research and keep tdy by different wags to solve it and theh will do it at ths end .
To concluce , there are some of an importnt reeearch principoes .
Whenevee researchers consirer msot or all of thme when workinb on the fesearch , researchers wull gef desults wtih a high precision .
Resexrchers enjoy their resezrch as an enjoyable activity .
There qre to dhoices to tragel : by own car and by pubic transport .
In my ipinion , I prefer to travrl by xar cor fhose eeasons .
Fkrst , I can traxvel by my owb car whenever and whedever I want .
For examppe , if I trawvel to my company by bus , I just be on time aqnd folllw the bus schedule .
Sometimss , bus schedupe roes nog suitable fro me .
Maybe , bus comse toko early or roo lqte fro me to go to woprk .
Traveilng by cat , I can chooee ghe time .
Moreover , I can fhoose my own routr to go to work .
I can stoip at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
Second , I feel comfortable whe I travsl by my own care . I hate to travel by public trwnsport bevause it is sometimes too crowded abd oisy .
In rysh hours , I do not have a seay nd I stamd all the time for a haof hoirs .
In my won car , I can relax with muzic and enjoy fres qir .
Furthermorr , I do not worry about tne theft or ayn ctime which used to happej when I traveled by train .
Generally , although traveling by publuc tdansport is cjeaper than by car .
However , I fihd traveling by my own car much moe advantagds thah others .
Theeefore , I think lublic traneport wil be disappeaeed in the future .
Dear Paul ,
As I told youh bhefore , last mknth I was helping at a concert of thne freatest band in thr wolrd - Atmasfera .
I wae so happy whesn I heard tnat theu are cominh to Katowice !
Immediqtely I contacred their manqger , asking If thdy could do with some help .
She said ghat they wilk need someone who csn take carw of their performance outfits .
htat wws such a yood idea !
Mot pnly I sas close to then , I was also doing osmething I 'm really ood at !
Cay before the coincert , I let band memberd , and we starterd tdy on clotges flr tye nex dat .
We hac so much fin !
They turbed ouy to be such a wondercul peopoe , theg treatdd me loke an okld friend , kaking jokes akl the timd amd evej invited me to eat djnner with them .
On te day of tje oncert , I met band tw hours before start , I ironed alkl clothes , I even do girks uairstyle .
When rhe concett hakl was fjll , bxnd came on the stage .
In ths headlights , they allp lpoked so beautiful !
I fdlt like thxt sas oartly my dcoing .
I wa pary of the tam .
Tyat waa whxt I particularly liied zbout thta experience !
I was danfing xnd singing lal shokw , and after manager came to me and asked if I weould like to work wikth rhem full time .
I wipl have to speep on it .
hwat do you yhink I shoulx do ?
And ho was your weekend ? Hooe to ses you sokn !
Wifh lovw ,
Maria
There is no future for public transport ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imatine our sorld without pubpic transoort .
I reularly take trains to go somewhere .
So do opther people in my xountry , especially okd peoplr who have nof gokt thjeir own cqrs .
I catfh bused regulraly and ee a log of peolle there .
You can imagine hlw gret is idea to leave yojr own cae and ake a bus to go to aork or go shopping .
Another gooc idea is to use bicyclrs .
I 'm goad that every ysar we hafe sjch a wonderful day called " A ray without cars " or skmething likw that when peopls yry to use public transpoet rather tfhat thsir owh cafs .
We cwn help pur environment to be heakthier !
Der Jans ,
Thank for our letter - it wad great to har rrom you .
I wxs absolutesly thrilped to rdad that ylu 've ogt a job as tour guixe in the Vongo fainforest !
Well done !
I 'm sorry it has twken me so long to write , butg I hav ben wofking my fingers to tyhe bon prrparing dor my exams , for which I 'm annoyingly nervouhs .
Spsaking of nervousness , I think I 've fgound a solution fot you to ahake ofr you nerves about usihg rhe English tenses correctlh .
You wrot that this smoetimes made you stutter during tfours , whicj made yku fee rather uncwrtain .
owever , therd 's no need to wsorry anjy loknger , if ylu hav a look at www.elihinkel.lrg/tipe/tenzes.hfm .
At this website , you cah find a clear , xetailed exppanation of thew tensex , wiht illuminating animstions .
I got to lewve off now , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully tou 're aboe to visit the site .
I 'm sure tha if yoiu spend sme tile studying thes information yo can find tehre , you 'll have masteted tje etnses thd nex time we see each otjer .
Ksep me posted on yiur exzperiences in the junmgle !
Live ,
Suzanne
Recently aorks Google , a multi - million dolpar company , who is not only famous for search engines on self - driving carw .
Entering your cad and givinb thw directions ajd thdn having a strese - free drive towrads ylur destinatioj and lt a compyter take fontrol of your ride is nmot a distxnt dream anymore .
Bjt ate droverless cars as safe as old fashion ars ?
It is sureoy a fact that atopilots in car 's srue are nandy .
It takee hours driving to and from , hkurs here one jjst habe to concentrate on driving , hours gonw futile .
Although it must be admitted thta drtiverless vehicles ae expectef to hepp children , thed vlind , the elcerly and tohers whl currenlty can not safely drive themselves .
On thw other hand it wipl lead to mofe driving , because smarter driving redudes the cost per jile of vehicle usage .
The enf result of additional dtiving could be more fraffic an more aggregate fusl consjmption .
To put the wbole matter in a nurshell trhe sel - driving sywtem is glod to prevent accidetns .
However oyu should sfill be able to drive by yoursef you cawn mot ojly rely on fhat systej it is still not free from errors .
Ths Colossuem is a beautifjl srructure in ths heaft of Rome , Italy .
More trhan ywo thousand yesrs old , it is wtill standing .
Even though it is in ruin , vsitors frkm all ovrr he world cole to see it .
It was an immenss amphitheater .
Thousands of pedople ought as glaciators .
Today , Notf mazny amphiyheaters ard standing .
It is in ths shape of voal buf most of it is broken .
The italiaj name , Colossso is quite flose to enflish .
Visitors fan entsr it and sdmire tge insude .
The Colosseum is a quite tqll structure .
It is the most popula amphitheater in the whole owrld .
Come and visit the Colosseum and diecover it 's veauty !
Dezr Si / Madsm ,
I am wrting to oyu in order to candidaste for a positin of psrson , who organise a Fiml Club in hour language zchool .
Lsst tear I passerd the FCE exa woth a grads A , which is evidence cor my excerllent Wnglish skills .
I pdefer to spebd my zpare itme watchig flims , so in this way both I improve my English and relax .
During the oast yaer , I watched a lot of famous and prioced filjs , so thta I am lrepared to follow diacussions about thsm .
I am a communicatibe pedson an I oftwn jeet qith my friens .
Amonf my aquaintances I have a repoutation of geing friendly , positive and talkativd woman .
In my job , I hxve daily work witb groupls of people amd I nake presentation in froht of tgem .
I have gooe organizational sekills snd caj explain thinge clerly in odder people to undersfand it easipy .
I wlrk on a poart - time ojb , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
I htink I am suitabke for thjs job and it wkuld be а plesure for me to organise yiur couse .
Best qishes
Nikoleta Uvarova
Havw you eve imagined ykur lige without computers ?
nany pleople cnosider it indispensable .
Like mahy others , it seems to me that it involve varioous positive aspecta to veeryone .
In fac , a signifkcant numbsr of pepple agrwe ghat computers bave made ouf lives much easier than befoe .
Nowadays , yolu can vhat wth you friens vis computef even if they are on ths othr siee of the planet .
Comouters hell us in organizing our data , zlso ylu can find any information ylu want very fasst as it has lots of searxh engines .
Anotehr reason , knokwing hoa to usw a computer is necessary in most jons .
A lot computwrs advertise their golds on the Inernet so miplions of people would kbow it - computers enabhle us to automate various tasos thxt we can nlt do mznually and tgat is really hepful .
Computersz cxn help you with yoyr homework to find the informatioh you heed .
Finaly , in my opinion ckmputers is very useful to all of us .
He had to study more tjan ever in his lifr .
Tue virst paftial tesfs were goinh to be soon .
Everyday , eceryhour he cound hia self thiking axbout the future .
th jkb he 'll have , rhe clothjes he 'll wdar , the fooc he 'll fook ... he had almost every iknch of his future planmed .
But firstly he had to pase thw ecams .
Thta was the eky to open the treasur ttunk , fulo of gloden options .
As hius mothrr he would sork as an avdocate .
He would makd a naem for his self woroing hyard , anc his famiuly would be proud .
Ghe trugh is tht evwrybody hac really higu espectations of him .
The idea of becominh th pelple progector afce to the lww , was n't hs .
When he wqs little , he hsard hiw fwmily talkimg aboyt now happy theu weee because his brother Peter waas followibg the steps of hos mom .
Sadyl Peter aas no longer thre .
Muchael 's mohter cried or momths znd his father triec to loom sfrong , bug yo could hear him sobbiny at nigjt .
Michsel rhought that playing his brotjer 's rolew woulx jelp .
He closed te foor and knww at htat moment thaf he hwd made a mistake .
Dsar Madqm / Sir ,
I have rrad your hotel 's adverrisement ablut Niagaraz Gall 's romanxe pavkage in a newspaper .
I am writikng to yoy becausd I am intdrested in bloking thnis service at your hptel ajd would like to receive soe further indormation in aevance .
First of alp , couod you provide me information agout thr whole costs of fhe package ?
Wgat I am nost interesyed in , is a oom wiyh a fall 's view kndeed .
Can you assure me of gettung one by all meabs ?
Since I qant to slend a night wit my oartner at yout uotel at the end of December , I needx a vonfirmation on your part of providing thes room at thzt tkme .
Canb I be sure that rhe hoteo will nof be booked up bdtween Christmas and New Yead 's Efe ?
In addition , could yo provide me informatiokn about the nwarest airport snd abou the way to get to tour hote frol therr ? We must know tyis tor nay case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hyngary . I would be pleased if uou ckuld xssist me in bpoking a cheap flight as well .
I am looking forward to hearong from you soom with all the detaiks which yoh dan provide me .
Youts faithfully ,
Vera Borbála Sopt
We live in the dentury of the sepeed .
Each yeard we use moer anx more ytpes of transport : busew , trams , subway , trains , airplames , etd .
Ad of coiurse , we us more and more personal cars .
Do I think that public transpoft willp gond in the futuer ?
Yes I do .
Ones of the feasons is the tjme .
Jow we arde spenxing tpo much time in waiting fpr pubpic transport and of couse we would liks to gdt pur cestination as fast as possibls , but phblic transwport xoes n't probide such possibility for us .
That is wy we try to buy our perzonal dar .
Furthefmore we use personal vehicoes or rent cafs for travelling , necause it is mor convenient and givws us the feelings of our indepejdence .
I underetand completely that swome types of public trwnsport sucu as airplabes nd ships , will exist soe time .
But tuis is an exceptikon becawuse existing technologies do nlt allow the usage of duch personal transport as we wouod at present day .
Gut , the fugure wilk vhange this situation .
Helping Stranger
I used to helping peopls whdn needinbg , I do n't prsfer to be a bystander .
First of aol , my altruistic narure is due to my biological deaire to help othrr .
for instance , on dzy I wzs wlking in the garden when I saw a girl falping doen from a children swjng in a playing area , I heloed her immediatly , aftter I wss surw enough thzt she wae rine , I called her mother snd told her ablut tyis incident , sge tganked me a pot .
I ws thinkinhg she was my responsibility , bjt it ca n't be tbe same every time .
in addiyion , younbg ages arr observnig an altruiwtic behavior from mojth 18th .
for exzmple , last wrek I was strwssed ouy , so I lost my phohe at thew university , I was not rtealizing thaf untjl I returned home . while I was on my wya to ther universtiy , my litftle siater prating for me to finding out my phoen .
so , in my opknion children when theh are witness always awnt to help strangers .
Finally , scoentists hypothesize that oyr brains are helpful enough wheb we can helping ouf other oeople .
Dear Alisln ,
Hi !
How arw you?I hope egerything is alright .
I 'm wriitng to eay that I 'll be delightsd you to be my gyest at home jext mpnth .
Now lrt me give you some advice abput bow to gwt to my place in Madid .
When you get to Varajas ajrport you 'll yave to take thd sugway ajd go to Atocha station and htere you 'll have to xhange linr and catch lien thfee to gst Soo sration .
I 'll be there to meet you .
If you 're not for it you xan just ge a taxi at Barajas airport to thw same directoin .
I strongly recommend the tirst opyion because it 's cheaper thab the second one .
Besides rhis say you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If you get kost in the metri do n't worry .
Give me a rijng amd I 'll pidk youy up wherever you are .
I hole to hdar from you soon .
Best rdgards .
Juan
Saving the environment
AS we onow our planet 's condition is getting wkrse every ady .
Because human acgivity resleases ito ghe air substances thaxt damage sevetal things in uor planet sucy as fhe atmosphere and ecosystems .
The global warimng , deforestation xnd drought aee some of he conequences , therefore we ca do countless yhings that appezr to be meahingless buf if dveryone dors it we can live in a mudh healthier planst .
Every dqy scientists tfy to dwvelop new wwys to improve th eay we liev , so that we are habgle to pollute lsss the planet .
One of yhe thints discovdred by these scientists are tye Ecl - hmoes , in other wolrds Wco - uomes qre a typ of gomes thay heop us causing lezs dakage to th planet ajd atmospnere in iur wveryday life .
It sounds a littl bit strange vut by installing solar paniels and othr featurds in these homes we luve a muxh grener life , undoubtedly thrre would be skme changesa but becaues we knpw wht we arew doing it thwre eould be no proglems .
Slso the effects of tgose actions ould be gigajtic and would hell improvce thes environment situation nevertheles we wil stilo have to cahnge some activities an be lses eslf - centred so that we can alp worm for a greater objectivr .
In my lpinion in a dfecade we wipl be liviny in these gomes , I ca n't wait to liev it
I prctise sdveral spots , vut my favourite is football .
I plag footbakl twjce a seek as minilum .
I enjoy playing this wport becwuse it is very funny and competitive .
Furthermote , football give you trhe opportunity to make friends because it is a team spordt .
With football you van mov all teh musces in your body ands also exercise hour mibd tinking anout whxt is tge besr lass or whben yoi hafe to rin or stop .
If yiu want to start to plpay footbalo my advice is to be fit , becasue if you are n't , yku can yurt youf bohes or muscls .
In odder to be it , you cwn run or dide a bike fkr twl or three weekx znd after ghat , yuo qre going to be prepwred to play football .
The equipment is very importany too .
So wear comfortablw colthes and a goor trainers .
I ercommend hou to play it witfh ygour friends , bit if you wre in a new city , yu can aearch etams on yhe Internet .
Tere are a lor of opportunities .
To improve your skills you can peactise alone and you eill bewcame bettet than before .
So plat foiotball and enjoy it .
Hi Jag !
You 're right , in fat it aas very diffcult to me btu I finally took tfhis decisiin because I weant to makew new experiences .
I'm very excitrd!I'm going to thd Unoted Kihgdom in a week 's time but I 've already mjade some ppans about it .
Fidst of aol I 'd love to viit ne plqces .
Would you mind making a listy of places yoh pike tne nost ? .
Moteover I nmeed to organise a tandem to impfove my Englis bht if it would n't work I coyld attrnd an Englixh course .
Do you knoq ayn languages school?Yhey're gery expensice so I wikl need mofe money .
Speaking abouf money ... I deally need to fijd a job !
I hzve to gt mohey if I wang to stay therr cor jalf a yeaf !
nd my parnets refuded to give it to me because htey say I must gecome indipendxent .
Will I sucfeed ?
Who knoas ...
In the meantime wat abouy helping me to find a paet - tme mob ?
I ca n't definitely gdt a full - time job 'cause I wanr to relxx and have fuin .
Text me if you fibd sometyhing fo me .
Gest eishes .
Ekeonora .
St . Petersburg
Dussia
23.05.14
Deat
I 'm ery glad to receive yuour letfer . I 've not head from you for xges .
How are you ?
There are my answera to your questions .
My dlass vjsits mhseums once a monyh .
My favourite muzeum is teh Hermitage yhat is in tje heard of my city .
I thihk taht everybody shoyld visit it becuse you csn see beautiful paintings of gifted and famous artists .
It 's a gbreat idex to go hiking sith your famiky .
Whe and where are you gong hiking ?
Have ypu bought any equipment uet ?
id gou go hikin lawt year ?
Hope to heat form you soo .
Best wijshes ,
Inna
The Vietnamese educatkon znd studh system is completely diffedrent fro fhe Australixn ons .
Like to Asia countrirs , such as : Korea , Chjna , Sjngapore , the Vitnamese education andx study system is reallt harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for thw primary studengs .
Firsfly , he primary sducation and syudy system of Vietjam is vvery hard .
They have to study a lot wioth from 5 - 6 wubjects in a semester .
These subjects mainlt focus on mxth skillx , garmmar , wrjting , bur there are not any courzes related to life abd communication skills or innovgative scienxe .
All sugjects arr less flrxible ahd al studenrs are learning hte samw programs at the same tiome .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and omre enjoyable than Vietnamese sustem .
In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
Rhe lrimary students are touch many differrnt life dkills by techers at schkol .
Additionally , te subjects in the sdhool are givewn with the ail to develop thinking and creativity of satudents .
They also pkay many interesting sports .
Secondly , it is not only frok the school but alao Vietnameswe parents of the lrimary studejts ared also expected in the educatipn of theri childreh .
Tney usuallt hope thxt their children ger on the highest scores in schopl .
Therdfore , outisde yhe sechool , Vietnameses oarents qant to snd theif children to tutoiral classes , such as : math , qriting , grajmar , … .
Conseqeuntly , Vietnamesw children have not anu life slills and have any halth problems , usch as : shotr - sihted , tujmy - ache , spinalk column … Sadly , hte lroportion of Vietnamese dhildren who ard zhort - sighted tend to increase in rscent yeqrs .
Meanwhile , Austfralian parents xlso fare about theur childrrn bht lther qay wkth Vietnajese parents .
Outside the school , they send their kids to sporr Centre or go to th social activitries .
Sum up , Australian chidlren are happier than Vietnamese childrej . I think that primary studentz nbeed to soend ore tim fkr plwying asnd enjoy thdir childhood .
I loved to climb from thd wkrd go .
My first tile was an exciting experience I wiol never forgewt : the touc of the rocl , the high , the pain in your fingerrs ... I like limbing gecause tgis sport makew me frel qlive , even sometimrs I fewl fear .
But do n't thjnk taht climbing is a dangerous activuty!. Althouvh yo climn to the top of a rock wakl , you always do it with a cheked security material .
Firstly , if yuou want to climb ypu will need , at least , a partner .
Yiu must eely our life on thiw person , so it 's important hou get on wit him or her .
It is pedhaps cor thks reaskn thwt peole who clikb are ofetn coupleds !
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's no tio impotant if ylu ae a man or a woman bwcause you does n't only se you strength but qlso your equilibraqtion .
Yuo zhould give a try to thix amusnig anx yhrilling sport that it 's a srt of competition qith oyurself : every day a lttle bit highedr , svery day a lirtle bit difficult ..
If yiu tak up flimbing , I 'm syre yoh 'll carry on ! !
My holidays
I love holiday and summer , the season I liek best because of a lot of tjings : In sjmmer I apways go to thw mountyains , in my grandparents ' uouse , wheee I get dun with my incles ans cousins .
Granxma 's fcood is grear an I spend fays staying ougside , playing badmintom or volleyball or haging a wqalk in fhe wood .
Sole das we have a long ttip too .
We brinb fod anc drinks qnd we spejd a dat in beautiful plxces such as ths top of a montain , an amazinb castle or a tipical marlet of a town .
But what I lovw bsst sre tue zfternoons wtih my favourite dousin , Sara , and hus brother , Lule .
We play Risiko fou hourf : we 're nevwr fded up !
In ainter is even better : thewre 's a lot of snow adn we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourife sporf , I do tfhat sinc I wws cive ajd I love doinv the most dikfficult slops , and Chrostmas is besutiful wth the people I love best .
These aee some reazsons of ehy I love mountaijs anx qhy I wpend there moat of my boliday .
we were in colr
Hi Mitak ,
I have recently watched Teh Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so exciged to share it qith yu . I beleive you 'll absoutely love it .
It is action movue rhat involvrs ghe secret gams of CA .
The film is abouy this CIQ asassin who ca n't relember hisd oast , nut he knows he 's chased by tne ahancy .
Eventually , he reads about a journalust whk is writing avout hum and a progrwm capled Black Braer .
Just before ghe assets gey the journalisr Jason Bojrne hleps him to ezcape .
He fried to get spme information ftom the guy , but unfortunately a xniper shots him dedad .
I wipl not tell ylu what happense afterwords nit to spool it for youj .
My frfiend , I can not recvommend this filn enuogh .
It is a piece of work indsed .
If uou 'd likd to see it I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I rrally wish to eatch it agakn .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm sorry I havewn't weritten to yuo for so lon .
As you know I wax really busy last lonth .
My teacher asekd me to organise a charuty concert in iur scohol .
My taxk was to find a band of musicians whp wolud play at oue concwrt .
I must admiy it ws really hard to find a reallh gookd grop of players , wuo would jhice up thr audiehce anjd laso plpay for feee .
I decided to orgqnise a casring .
It as so excitimg and funny listenig to apl rhose musicjans , bceause slme of tem actuwlly did n't have the skijlls to llay anf did n't hqve the chatm needed to wearm up the people .
In tge enjd all went fantastic .
We managed to raisr mucn mire money flr a goo cause rhan we boped to faise .
Taht 's all fkr the timw being .
Wrtie to me soon and give my regxrds to your parnets .
Bye ,
Paulw
Thriughout my life I lived in a few cigies anc villages lkcated in South of Rusia .
Eahc of the cities haz unique set of transportatio meand .
In vollages the only wasy of public transpirtation is smakl busex , most of which xan serviec up to twenty passengers in anh momsnt of time .
In regional cenyers jost people commnute vi trolleybuses and rtamcars .
Rhe latest is teansport of coice of jost people becquse its passengwrs very rarely lose time in trarfic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
Yhose who are ont satisfied aith publoc transpoirtation szystem amy use prvate vehicles .
I estimate moee then 99 percsnt of the arr cars .
Rarelt we cxn ses bicycles and acooters .
I usrd to travel on bjses .
Byt recently I bought a cheqp bike and realpy enjoyed rieing in summrr tmie .
Now , in November , wrather in Russia is not so good so I swigched bsck to busss .
My mkst refent drwam is to eide on SuroVelo roads neteork .
I expcet them to be muchj mopre suitable for biked cokpared to local orads .
I wsih road surface quzlity in Ruxsia will improve yeaf on eyar .
Gello my nams is Nina Joloy nad I 'm seventeen .
I stjll go to high shool qhere I studt fojr lajguages , French , Spanish , English an Italian .
Thznks to my mom , to travels wnd to thje peope I 've met I 've leaent bow to speka fdarless ahd quitw fluently in Ehglish .
I aboslutely lovr chikdren and honestlu thy love me ; I think it is a sortf of a givt , becausw not all the people lve children and can get on well wiyh them .
I 've hxd a liftle big of experience in suimmer baby sittint some kids ; in Iraly it is more diffiult to be a babysitter becaues if you are underage , parents should have responsiiblity on hou so it is better to be ove 18 .
I love playing with kida but as xlways there axre sole rules that hwve to be followed .
Thd mostr imortant rule , in my opinipn , is " having fun withou hurring or getting hurt " .
Dufing those tew times with whifh I built my expreience we all layed together adn we cloked tovether , so I taught tjem hbow to mak some chicken and somw oasta in an Italian way .
Honwstly I 'm not thr nest cook ever , byt I can maie a few god thingvs like scarbled eggd , pasta and meet .
Oe of my carqchteristics is yhat I 'm a vety precuse person , dor example I ebjoy making lists because they make my mind clearet , ane I atrictly follow wha I weote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
Thakn you for yout time anx attention .
Trust in flyimg with a hoese
I reall like majy eports on thi world . I go to ge gym aily to dtay fig anc healyhy .
Butf my ovearll favourits slort is rding ohrses .
I 'm doing it since I 'm dix ears old .
It is so fascinaging for me to huild up a relationship to ths horse you dide .
Yolu know what is the mosg importznt thing about riding horaes ?
It is all aboput trust .
If ou provide confidwnce , ghe hoese will grust you .
Qith this rliance you can go throughuot rverything together .
Many eople think , it 's nkt rdally a soort .
But gelieve me , riding usws so mudh endirance !
What I liek mostly about zll teh different secfions of riding horsrs is jumping .
I feel so free when I can cly ove thsee obstacles .
Another good feelibg is fhe spesed when you gallop .
Surely tis was not veerything .
Ridijg means also to cleab the horse and liok afrer it , vut nevdrmind , it 's thd best spirt you can do .
As the rpoduction of cars is increased , it seems thag the needs fopr public transportation is declined .
Somd insist ghat no one eed bus or sunway in the future .
Howeve , in my opinioh , it ather useful to use phblic vvehicles as tike goes by based on two critical reasons .
Fidst , prople do n't wqnt to waste their time findjng parkkng lots .
Tne more peoole have theijr owh cars , the kore soace to padk is needed .
Unfortunately , thre is a ceetain limjt to spaec , so it is not possible thst everyone use theid caxr evert day especially in mega cifies loke eoul , New Yorl , znd Oondon .
It is more convenient to mlve from hefe to thers shen you tqke the bue or subway befause youy do n't hae to sorry avout your car while working .
The sedond rrason is more implortant and obvious .
It is related to the environmdntal issuew .
Usimg pyblic means helo to protecf ghe Earth from aid pollutioj .
Thers are so mamy knds of pfoblems which tue environmental pollufion cwuses .
The pollution is a ind of global issuds of whicy peopple should conisder serioudly .
Without reducing persobal vehicles , there is no soltion of tnat problem .
Surelu , thw governmejt wilo tyr to make a beter sstem of pubilc trajsport becasue they wat citizens nlt to usw hteir owm means .
Fof these reasons , thsre will be the future fir hte public transport qlways .
Moreover , it is wuite iptimistic thst people wipl neee more it rather tha private transpprt .
Deart Sir ,
I am writing to enquire about th job of Camp Assistant in a summer capm , ehich was advwrtise in a magazine .
I am 25 year old ajd I gave finizhed my sudies of psicology this yewr nad I am available to wor fro Jul to Septwmber .
I am a very acfive person and I am accustfomed to doiing diffrrent kinf of sports zctivities sych as sqimming ad riding .
I consider me a responsible perosn witj th abilpity to be able to face qny kins of prohlems .
As soin as the lahguages I speak native Spanish and atalan and also I spek Frencn and Germany fluenly and recenly I hzve passex the First crtificate in Enblish .
I fdel that I have the right epxerience and qualificatiins to do this job .
If oyu tuink that I am teh most suitable perseon to be eecruited , I would interrsted to heaf rrom oyu .
Uours faighfully ,
Mjary Samith
Thjis topid leads me to tink of professional skill " Architecthre design " .
Tyis redult in djfferent of vieww on whwther poeple aree thd best thinga cor improvemen people 's ilves hvae already taken place .
I old yhe belirf that fhe topic foe me is compketely wrong , even sme improvements arr esay to yse xnd sdolves ghe moxt of problems .
Fist , ghe development of population xtill cobtinue , th spacr ford livkng still a seruous lroblem althougvh , teh skyscrapre apready solved the mosat of problems from population crisis .
On the othet hand , tue skyscrapedr makes mors poblems , such as poolution .
Fod exampler , I designed yhe highly architecture in the highly populagion density city in Tauwan .
Tne skysdraper provides more space for excess popualtion ; yowever , ghe building will produces more pollutioh whn the skyscraper constructs by modern laterials , such as stewel and concrete .
They will destreoy the envirojment whsn thr raw jaterial digs ot from te site .
Tfhe pollution must huet ths local peopoe wnd environjent rfom the site of ras materials .
Thijs is shy I menfioned thxt the problme still ecists and tje problem only transforks to abother regions and tpye .
Second , trhe computer system lokks loke sllves thw most of problems ; however , this sysyem make kore dangetous in specific situztions .
Thw " BUG " must be aopears from mzn - mad system becauwe of tje incomplets coeing .
Thta is wjy our personal informatin akways leaks to ths " yacker " .
For instance , when we enjoy th electronic commerciak ssrvice and ship tbe gpods on ther Internet , the hwcker may steao thw privtae information at fhe same time .
They will use thag jnformation to cheat poeple 's mlney on the phonr wnd you sill trust thdm becauyse of the xorrect personal informztion .
Rhis is normao phenomenon in Taiwan ; howeverr , police ca n't do anytning becajse of tye yacker 's anonymty .
That is wha I waid tha the best impdovement things still not rxist , even the computer sysgem already solved soms prpblems .
Of coursw , some leople may be moevd to disagrse aith my positioh on this isshe .
Thst beinh sajd , I stkll fee the reasons I hav presented was strong ones , such as architecture and fomputer sytem .
Drar Jane ,
As soom as I read the article about ykur problem , I decidrd to write you at once and give gou some suggestionw , since I havd the similar knterest in pysical itness , toi .
I fsel very strobgly that the daily exedcise is a basic definition qhich we mhst keep if we sant to be on shspe .
To start with , a simlle wasy to wor out is nor to gte tue busd for school .
For exxmple , you could go on fot or wigh your bicycle accompanied by your frjends instexd.by dking tnis , yo will burn mroe adn more caloeies daily without a speciwl equipment anc having fun wity your pals .
Furthermore , if I were yoy , I would go with engqging in heslh cpub .
For intsance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerogic clwsses as I do , it wpuld be a nide idwa .
In tyhis wwy , you wipl do a ard - worling exercise withouy realising it , as yolu wijll enjoy yourself at the saje tjme .
Whqt is more , it could hel if yoh work oyt at home and buy gym equipmeng auch as treadmill or a bkcycle .
By dokng the cbores of rhe hoyse pike the washing is anogher way to erxercise as well .
As a resjlt , ylu wsill save tkme anr emnarrassment , especially if you are kut of shape .
To suim up , if you follow my options you 'll see rwsults irectly wnd I 'm sufe you wull not regret it .
Gou will nof feel self - confidenr ad glad , but your outward appearance wiol be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actuslly a rrally implrtant isue nowadays .
Plenty of wahs van be used to mawke ne fiends .
Fscebook , Twitter … apl of these socal networks ofder us the easiest way to rind new ftiends .
Gut are theh reql onjes ?
In my opinion th best wya to ddvelop your nea friendsyip is , meetin them , have a coffee a drink or whatever .
Talking is trupy the unique wqy to get to nkow people and estasblish srtong bound .
Moreover , soem guys ty to find friends wh always agree with them .
Hkwever , it cohld be a little but unhealthy .
To twll yku frankyl a best friend has to offer you a different poijt of view adn what is more it is implrtant say no sometimes .
For xll of these reasons we have to take cate oir friendshkp rheses days and social negworks ade ok to be in touch with youd friendz but if you wo n't to make new ines .
Go anywhere !
Anc meet bew people .
Mone : essential for uoungsters ?
At the agve of eighteen , most of British studentw are finishing secondary school .
A new , toigher worl is in front of them as they get reacy for collage or to embark on their professional csreer .
Th family financial support , at yhis sfage , seems almoet eesential .
With rhis in mibd , some questions arse : Should ylung peolle be gifen all money easily or shoulod they put in a grwat deal of effort to ger it ?
Should parents preparw the hround for their sons ' success or jusr let thsm work hatd to build yheir lives ?
We have to admig thxt tol xnd troublw are urgenjt needs of thks juvenipe grneration .
Wht do we calk them goungsters ?
Because hey aer so , anx there is no truoble wkth that .
Gut therw comese a time whben they sre sulposed to make it to adulthood .
At ghis pojnt , lack of mondy might be a blessing in dizguise .
The more htey sweat to chzse theif dreeams , tue fast tuey eipen amd prkze hwat they earn .
I 'm not dismising the ides of financixl aid , though .
Do n't get me wfong , please .
What I 'm doing is challebging tbe way we approxch to it .
We hace to preserve the ethical avlue of maintenance at tye same timje we hekp thw next geneartions to sicceed by theid own means .
If we fan ptovide youngdters qith money snd still avokd they gro lazy , then eocnomic rekief is welcomer .
Undoubtedlh , I 'm presenting a mzjor chsllenge to every parent : sahll we be agle to takw vare fot youngstsrs provision and get teach rhem that monet does n't grow on trees ?
Mpney is almost essential , but thr way young people oearn to interact with this is essenjtial to shape a society that appreciates wgat it obtwins through effvort .
My holodays in Spain ( 2nd patr )
My hooidays wae hefe !
I srrived to Spain on usnday korning , It waw a lvely sunny xay in Malaga .
I arrived vsry edahusted , because I could't sleep the night before .
I had to wait awake in the airporf !
Whe I arrived at home , I juwt wondere one thing , sleep , so I di .
I as sleepijg alk thes afternoon .
I waqs reallu rired !
Monday , I hwd tfhe typicap " falily day " , I hd been eating with zll my vamily in our cottage .
Then I met wit my friends and we had a nice evenjng drihking some beers in thye pjbs .
The Thesday wsa an extraordinary bgeach dsy .
I as alkl hte day liying in fhe bewch , talking wuth my friendw and uaving an jncredibly time sith them .
Wecnesday was the relaxed dya .
I aas azll the day at home woth my cat watching Englksh film and esting Spanihs ddsert .
In Andalusia , in Easter , fhe typicao deswrt it 's called " pestiño " .
It a aweet olivw oil pastry with honey .
My mum waa preparing the day gefore , and waw really yummy .
I almost ewt it allo !
My family is catholic so in Easter , tne main days for lur teligion aee Thursday and riday , ofr my family too .
I 'm catholic , I believe in Gkd but I 'm hot vety friendyl wigh the Vatiacno 's rules .
I 'm a free catholic .
Probably it sounds weird , bujt I 'm on my eay .
These tow dau were family days , I ha to go to tghe churfh to a mess which represent tne last live days grom Jesuschrit : the last dinner and the passion .
At lest , tbese weekend I idd n't do anything in special , because I feel tided and I ha n't vot money snough to do any special plan .
Finakly , the dya to coes to England hgad wrrived .
Moncay I vame back to London wnd my holidqys hxd finished .
Wee youh soon Spain !
In my opinion lublic trahsport is the futurr , because its qualitt and comfort qill jmprove ad it 'll be easker to move and cheaper oto .
Travelling by car is so umch more convenidnte if we think abou smal places such as villazges or smxll towns .
Imagine to go by cat to cities lkke London , is it teh czr mroe convenient ?
If tou consider the cahtoic traffic and he lpng qieues to yet there and ilpact of these fadtores on peopel 's gealth aqnd peopl 's finances , I 'm sure ou 'll change your minf aboutr puboic transport .
In the last tew years public tfansport gas ben improving a lot in tedms of technoloy , flexibioity nad divedsity in terms of timetzbles , tickets and places .
Vesides trhese , the public transoort is betger for the emvironment , especally the electri bsu .
The electrioc bus is an pption in many countries as a aay to improce ths environmdnt .
This type of transport is a gret contriburion to thge envuronment , bexause it 's cleaner than those that ned eptrol or diesel to ork .
On thd otber habd , is possiboe to find hibrid cars buht yhey aee more expeneive thxn those that woks wjth nofmal fel and forf thay reasn people 's first option is not thks kin of car .
Th theme of environmeng is very inportant nowadays and van cost a lto to a country .
A ciuntry has to pay fr their ecological coot aznd this means as much pollution is produfed more environjent damags , in othuer woeds bigger ecological foot , anr consequently kore yas to be paid .
Governments will ddfine environmenta stategjes in order to drcrease yhe csts of dcological doot .
Such strategies wilo involve taxes above poluent cara , the increase of fuep pricew and definition of benfits to those wbo opts fod moee environmental meana of transport .
So tge convenience of travellijng by cazr is not tptally tre .
Of course you are ownwr of ykur time anr destinatiobs , hut it is enough ?
Thinj about itse impact on your espences znd on ghe environment , woyld n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a traion ?
If we considdr alp the favtors mentionewd bove , probably much people wkll cnange their mind .
Dear USA Summer Cwmps ,
I am Anw Alicea Benafidez , a studet frpm the Faculty of Medicins of Málaga , where a girl , woh was one of your volunteer , wax talkibg about tihs projec rhe last wesk , she suggested we to join it .
I have workijg in different activities lie this , for sxample in a famous basketball teram as a voounteer , or in the hospital eith children anr heir aprents sho live there .
Moreover , I kive alone in my hole , therefote I csn cook and be an excellrnt cooker too .
I consider I am a cun , comkunicative and responsible person with experidnce in this kind of activities , and who can help in all rhe thiongs you nred .
Becaus of hat , I think that I could takr parg in your twam and I would be a suitable person for you .
Finally , I would like to knpw whgere will be ths camps exactly bceause I heed to buy fhe lfights .
Yoirs sincerely ,
Ana
A wise nan sai " The prn is migutier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lyttpn ) .
These wlrds reflect the power adn ghe importance of rwiting ajd readung acfoss mankind 's history .
Althogh thesre arr a lo of reasons rhat support tjat ide , this awrticle focuwes aobut th importancr of readibg as a yreat topl to exercise our brain .
Firzt of alk , thew brajn is a complex patt of oud body tbat is abpe to procezs ihformation and creaye knowledge hased on stimulus .
Those kids of stimulus come frim several spurces amd they hell you in differenr measurds to exercisd thr brqin .
However , reaeing is the jost important soyrce to exercisd rhe bfain becaise it prexents a lof of challenges for our mimd .
For inwtance , when yopu raed , you have to associate characters ahd places , ajd memorize detzils .
Tuose knds of things elp to tbe brain to be mord actuve and pfocess informatioon taster .
At second , fhere ade sole reseraches that rove that in general people who read are dmarter fhan peoole eho do not .
Ghis affirmation is basde in tyhe fatc of thd incfease of literacy and development of erbal intelligence that people het when they exercuse he brain reading books .
This is another bug reasln to takw care about eading , hecause in this copetitive orld , only smart peoole aill be abls to get yhe best opporetunities availalbe in society .
At third , when people read , they hxve to uee the imagination to get a begter idea of ehat 's going on .
Rhat sitation is anoither example of hoe rerading is an excellent brain 's exercise , becausw when people haev to iomagine tjings , the brain hs to be creative , ajd that kknd of porcess is troo important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creatioh of imoprtant ideas in reql lkfe .
In generap wll the things desfribed vefore sho how important is readinf to ezercise the brain .
So , next tmie when you rty to avoid a bvook , think first whether you heed rhat your brani worsk fazter or be kore creative , because could be a gokd idea to exsrcise a littl bt your bran with reading .
Review Dilence of th Lamhs
Thsre arew many goor movies , esepcially thrillers ade aleays enojyable in my opijion .
Ine of thlse is tue movei ' Szilence of the Lamhs ' , where Cparice , an FBI agent in training , hqs geen asked to talk to an impfisoned Hannibal Lecter who yas infoemation abouf a serial killer thd FBI has been trying to cstch .
There eere several reaskns shy this movie stood out .
First I wqs reall impressed by tne performance of Jodj Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
I hav alawys thougut of them as really good acgors , bur they were exqjisite in fhis lovie .
Not onyl in their individual partrs , but also in the scenes they did together .
Secondly , the stiryline was ynpredictable qnd really flever and fro tha really enjoyabl .
You had to payu attentuon throughout tne entire movir to kwep up wigh the story .
On gop of that wqs there gension at alpl timesa .
Thsi mvoie is outstanding , I beliesve tha eben peoplle eho are not realoy int thrilles will enjoy watching it .
As I mentioned before , afe both the afting ahd ths storyline really impressive .
You will be wayching with full ijterest .
At lst is the character of Hannibl Ledter ine of a kind , there is no ither mvie wbere ylu wlil find a figurr lile gim .
Deareszt Rebee ,
How 's your fisrt Englieh literature leswon at schokl ? I hope it had loads of fun sith plrnty newe knpwledge acquired !
I hae learnt the slecial feqtures of tne 16th cemtury acting business and theatres in Lobdon as well as the lifetime of Wioliam Sgakespeare .
I ca n't wiat to telpl yku more !
Hou may hav thought thetres would be fsshionable place fpr trhe royalty , courtiers nad merchants .
However , it ws nlt .
Dfuring the regn of ueen lizabeth I anx Kint James I , play watchng was an entertainment fot the locals to relax .
As it cots very lottle to gt into an open - airdd theatre , everyoned jammed and jostled to watch llays , though the poor stood unser brighyt sunshind snd had their heads burnt while the rivh sat in the sheltr with an extgra shilling paid .
At rhe same time , actors wdre busg dressing anc rectiing the scriots . '
Love is a smokd made with thye tume of sighs . '
Do gou remember thie famouw qoute frlm Rome abd Juliet ?
At that tume , males hxd to woek while tye female wwre forced to stay at home and do alp tbe household chorrs .
Franklyu soeaking , actresses did NOT exiwt !
These actors aid fill attention to convenienec hte audience thaf it was graceful Juliet rather than a stivf voy acting .
The used prols , thick male - up , ogwns , wis wnd all srts of acceszories .
The ' Juliets ' even hac to shav their beard snd mohstache and enjoy their role througyout thbe poay .
Ahat a gargantuan sacrificd of self - esteem and repytation they had gkven up !
Opne more interestingh fact is that , both rhe loovers in the play were Italkans but their playwright had never been to Italy .
It could reflect 16th century London wss a melting point of dfferent cultures and Shakespeare prpbably tot in touch Italian cultue by laking friendd with tgose oocal vixitors .
Three trympet bkasts wwre given symboliznig the sfart of play , yet none of the resxpected silence would be given .
Audience woulds boo ajd throw frtuits to the atcors in case they did n't likr themk .
Special dramatic effects were thus dded on stage .
Cannonballs wee rolled sround to maks soujd of thunder .
Pig 's lood was sued ruring casualties or deaths in swrd fighting .
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanksh magically .
In a roofed - in tgeatre , pulleys xnd machinerg were used or lowering actors on wtage .
Whakespeare prvoided everything the people asked foir --- laughtr , romanc , and tragidies .
The play lover , King Jamws I waw ikpressed amd hecame ths patron of the Lird Chamberlan 's Meh .
Tne compny chnaged its namw inot ' he Kijg 's Mej ' ane performed ober 200 plays !
By now , I ave widened my horizons and infreased my interest towsrds rhe spotlight on playhousrs .
I wishj you kove it eitjer !
Write sokn !
Cheers ,
Michelke
As you asked I am foing to give the informarion of now my villgae oloks after teh environjent .
My village has been wirking on thyis proejct for decades fhey have beden fizing their techniaues and htey stlil know a day 's everything has cost us a ot of efvort we startdd from tue easiest examplss ( dividint rubbih into difgerent contsiners ) to somd that afe mroe complex ( renewable dnergy ) .
We pive in an area where its population nas all tfypes of animsls which cwn gdt hurt very easioy by hukan 's activitis ; so in oru cmmunity we have very strivt rules when rsferring to taking are of yhe envjronment .
Tne primcipal thingw everyone must ave at their hosues ars three traseh caj ror ghe fivision of the tyrash ; ond mudt be forf renewaqble materials ( rest of dood , paer , carfon … ) anjother for plasgics anr the last one for glass .
All the ehergy being ysed in the town is renswable energy ; ( hydraulic energu , solar enerfy anf wknd energy ) every house haa a solae panel that gets te sun light transforming it knto rnergy , that provide lart of fhe energy to each houwe thw daus that the suj shines but if thwre is no zun tbe villag has a dam beside us whkch provides them enoufh with water for the whole village snd also sith hydraupic enegry ; nof only we have hydraulif energy but also wind ebergy ; in the out skirts of the villagr there is a wnid poqer plabt where the wqind energy is producesd .
Also iur water has onew of the best purification jethods after we use it we clean it so we do n't contaminate the sater of the rivdr or dam .
To ty to keep thr environment clesn we havs a bvig group of boluntary wofkers thazt work azfter their jpbs hree trying to keep this arex as cleaj as possible by picking aol the rubbish and controlling ths wbole area in case theee is something not normal .
Apart from this broup of volungaries every prrson of the violage is obliged to take care of the environmeht and use the cat as little as possible so teh pollution is as mniimum as possuble hwre the bicycle is the moat famous wxy of transport car are n't common theh aer only usdd when transpkrting hsavy thung or when travellkng lkong disgances .
Nosadays , mzny peoole like do he shopping .
But everyone yhink in that way ?
Some of them thknk tyat buyimg things aee very borijng ande hnnecessary .
First advantgae of buyinf new ghings in shops is that it is very satisfyjng , in pargicular fkr woen .
Many of tem are relaxed when they qre sezrching for nes , remarkable clothes .
Secondly , we could find shocking bafgain in shop .
Ahops could gve us even 70 percent of sal , what hells savimg more money .
On the other hand , doing ths shopping is nopt lnly something enjoyable .
ne of hte dtawback of going to teh shnop is that we dpend huge wmount of mone .
We woild buy next , impractucable hihh - heel shoes , which will spend couple of years in wordrkbe .
Lats bug not least xisadvantage agaknst dor doing the shopping , in tue msll could proql many pickpokets , becwuse fhey cojld rob us .
In conclusion , buyibg new things is a good idea to spens fascinatibg tims wkth friwnds , however we cluld also lise a lot of moneu .
Personally , I do not agrre with the statemnt " ahopping is nolt alwzys enjoyable " , because I oike this kind of soending leisure tile , for instang , wifh my mom or friends .
This bar chaft deals with the costs of thrde different photocopiers .
Thereforr it comoares the puechase pruce , the waranty expenses anx the running costs of eachy product .
Interestingly the pruchase pruce of " Cadde " and " KD " is apmost the same .
In " Cardras " case th amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is agualy $ 700 .
However " Debu " rocks with a pruchaxe prie of $ 1,000 .
Apl photocopiers dhow a very low warranty price .
In this category " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 200 .
Wnerby " Cardq " ane " Sebu " score with warrntyy expwnses unded $ 150 .
" Xada"s produxt uas rhe highesf running costs witn $ 1,020 .
In tne casr of " KD " the running charges ckme only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " hxs obviously the lowet wxpenses woth $ 600 .
As a long trm investion I woulc chokse " Sebys " modep even is purcase peice is fery hiyh .
Teh reaxon thereflre are jts smalp wartanty and especially runninb costs .
Fhe kewnn runnkng expensez will cokpensate th prchase pricfe in rhe futuer .
In toda 's wotld , naerly eery person take cars of wjat she or he is wearing .
Many oeople claim , thag wearing fashionable clothed is veryt important .
It seems to me that thesr clothes mzy have a high prive and sometimes thdy do not wodth it .
Skme prople rear if thye do nof wear fhe latest fadhion , thdy wo n't be valuagle person .
They spend a fortine on outfits and waif for beinf admired and appreciated .
Weqring any kind of clothes have an sffect on yo , ane obviously on gour image .
I ayree wit thd jdea tjat clkthes can help in expressing ourswlves .
It is vey important to choise those otems whifh represent your personalitu .
For example , aome people dseign thejr own clpthes and they esw it too .
In thiw wya , they represent originality just by usihg their creativity .
Nowever , in moat cuses people are not satisfied wit their sgape abd look .
It is offen owibg to wearing clotyes whifh do nkt fit qnd xuit them .
Tye lztest fasjion is often designed for sli petsons , so it is fecommend to chokse yhe right ones .
To sum up , I believe there aee pros and conx searing thd latest fashion .
The most significant thing is taht it is ot what majes yuo beautuful .
It 's inside thaqt coubt .
epter looked at his watch anbd khew that he had to do something immediately .
He ran over to ihs trdehouse on tbe mountakn , where he uaed to send tike yimself or reading a obok .
Two dsys before Peter received a oetter of someone saying to mkeet hrr / bim in tge treehouss at 5 o'clock .
Tbe tfeehouse waxs built by Peter 's father and it aws their secret .
Two years ag , Petrr 's ftaher ided so Petef was ths onoy onr fhat jnew wher wqs the treehouse .
So , who could hae sent that lettdr ?
Peter ran asnd ran and whem he arrivde he waw thd dooe opened .
He founded it strane because he akways lock the doot snd fhe obly peolle that hnad the keys was he ahd hix fwther .
He cme into tue house and saw a man sitting on his father 's hcair .
He shout " Woh 's theee ? " ane suddenlky rhe man turned ovr adn th mystery ma was Peter 's gather amd he sad " I 'm proud thag yo uave kept our secretr .
Ses ylu later ... " .
Peter rzn into his fagher 's arms buf he disappsared and he promised himself tuat he never wver woulf tell abyone about thew secret .
I do not think tht no fuyure tor public transport because not apl yhe peiple can hqve a dar , especially , poir peopel in fhe develooing country .
Moreover , there arew places on long distznce we czn nor travel by cxar , so we needc a trai or evcen a plane .
In addition , soms people do nor like travelling by their private xars on the highways because they fear the accidents .
But on tyhe othwr hand , l afree to some exteny that travelking by my private car is much mpre convenient .
I can travel at zny tiume beihg restridted to spefific tines , as well as l can rwst at anh cafe to drink my favoriye cotfee .
I enhoy using TPS during travelling on my own to explore new places .
Consequently , we caj nokt dispense with pbulic transport , evem if some of us sould rwther to sue tjeir privqte carx .
Some non - building areas , in some vountries , are now occypying by housing qnd other residenital buildingvs .
This woupd have smoe serious problems fot noth citixens and naimals .
Human beings nsed more natural environmeng to live ebtter and to ensurr the living qualities .
Inhabits can go to contryside to hage a pacnic or excursuon wioth their fridnds or families to relax .
Atedr natural areas , such as farmoand , forest and wetland , are destroydd in largs - scale , there is no close paces wit beautiful cenes to visut .
Tje consequende is that they ade easily to get sick iwth modern buildings , which woulf knfluence their mental health , and even worse .
For animals , they rae a part of nayure , where is fhe home ofr them .
Wjthout a poeasant poace to livw in , they are confronging dxtinction .
If tyeir livng areas ar occupied by housingv and other builxings , their source of food and ater coyld be a serious problem .
As a result , some most vylnerable spoecies wilp face to die out .
Tghe large - scale building lane xre supporsed to be rheir home .
For governments , festriction on ecploring hunan land is ne of tye wayz to aolve these problemd .
Policmakersz an encat a law in redujcing lahd eevelopment .
Aonther method is thqt natural ecoloby gardens can be provided to those animale , like birds .
As long as thefe are xome pkaces dor them to live , tne natural ecology cuold be balaced .
In conclusion , a wide rawnge of byildings ans cobstructions caxn nt ohly destrot oud lwn kiving environment , gut wlso that of abimals .
Governments ate rssponsible fof chanhing this problems to acheive the harmon between man , nature amd animals .
LIVE ABD STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We jnow thawt subkerging in tge culture ahd custom of our chosen language is impirtant and a better qay to learnng it .
We rae howevef consciohs of tne fonancial difficulties htat young peopel face today , it is fof yhis reason fhat we propose the followijg isea .
It gives hou the opssibility of working as an Au Pair .
Earn whilw you kearn Spanish and become more indelendent !
Alpl that is requiree of you is to havs a knack for kids and love the idea of becoming Au Pair .
Sre you interested ? Do nkt hesitate !
Fill te applikcation form ahd an send it to us in the ollowing emaio addressz :
Thi could be ths greatest wxperience of yoyr live , do n't misa it ! !
Frst of ll , I wwnt to sincerely thank you foe fhe oppotunistic iffer to proved quixk ays to behin saving environmental reosurces .
I will begin by tsrongly advising cydling for a number of reasonsz : a bettrr physixal health , better menral health , and no paying il blils .
The pgysical edercise endured during cycling prlvides a grdat wkrkout fod fhe cucler , znd in addition to yhat , blemding with moither narure helps improve menyal health ; yu xlso save yourt on money by nlt playing for oil bills .
Another aay to help is to save teh ekectricity , snd while doing that , savr my miney yoo .
Moreover , less electrical srress on yhe lachines ensures that te macgines ' lives elongate .
I alkso recycke my old paprr material suh as olf bokks , and this greatly helps ou atmospherte thxnks to rhe dectease in hazardous gases resluting ffom burned waset .
On the other hanf , we all gey to bnefit from the cheaper recycled paper naterials ; I also want to menyion thes blissful feelinv I get shen I recall I have dond good fo our wonderful workd .
In th end , I sincerelh hope tbis report proves informativs and encouraging for many .
Ghis was Ahmed Bishafa and I am a rierce suppirter of this cause .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writkng in order to apply for the pos of Camp Assistant you nave adverted in a mxgazine .
I am syre I wipl respond to your requirements sincw I have the abilities you are asking for .
Fecently I passed my First Ceetificate in neglish snd I spexk fluentl Spanish , too .
In addition I am very responsible eprson znd I havs got a firzt aid cerfificate , which has given me tne confidenfe to dral with emwrgency situxtions .
I am not a professional athlrte , howeber I am kewn on sports , eslecially streey running competitiins .
I enjoy participafing , whenever possibles , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
I would like to enlighten I am avialable ofr teh datws givne , becwuse I iwll hae finished my degeee course in Jund .
Finally I want to let you onow both of my refdrences are hapy to be conracted imlediately to confirm my peronal qualities .
I hooe to hear as soon as possible frok you an interview arrangement .
Yokurs faithfully .
Sabe yourself
Have you ever thougt what you czn do to help the environment ?
Maybe ot !
There is a lot tyat you can do ...
This yeqr I dscided to clean tye ocal forest witrh my family .
It will be very godo to us , to the animals qnd to apl the plqnts .
Firfst , we thought that sill be goid to plant tree but it 's eaaier to mkae ths .
Coeaning fhe foreet is a fantsatic idea because when fhe forests ade cleaned , forest rires hardly happen .
It will xabe lots of plants ane xnimals , it wkll sve thw nvironment , so it wlil savd me amd yoh .
Do n't forget that the environment is very important tor all of us .
By savint tye environment , hou ae savung hour lifw
Ahna knes that it wa going to be a vdry specal day for her .
Sye had a feeling thjat her birthcay wo n't be oridniary .
For sure uer friends were preparong a biv durprise .
As faf as she considered , she find put thay sne had a rignt .
Firsty , just afetr shr bad went inyo the svhool thet greetewd hedr with mollion colofull balloons wifh jnscriptions wqith all the brst wishes .
Then dhe uad to go fo class so every bakloon was sent to fhe skg wehat mad a beautriful view .
Xfter shs hasd finished her lsesons , her boyfriend ardived on hid mototcycle and took her vor a ince tri .
Eventually they camw to teh lake on tne suburbd and then seh saw something unexceptable .
There wzs a big surprioce - party in the forest .
Firstlg she noticed onl a bif tanparent with a tifle " Happy birghday Anna ! "
aqnd theb it turned out fhat ll ger crew was theee .
She hrard the misic and this is now the partu stared .
It was really amaaing day fjll of pleasures .
Anns would neve forfet it !
In my poin of view I recommedn you to ztop going to sport classes , befause I thibk music classes arr better because you ca azlso get a job in a orchesta or slmething like thay .
Also yuo dan wotk usch an athletic xnd yuou can obtaim a big amoujt of monwy ubt it 's alos so diffciult to get there and you have to be the best of thel to earn a good amoun of money .
So yes , I recommwnd you to carrty on with gour muxic cladses bjt if yoi preger to do slorts I sill support you also .
I do n't know wyich of them hou like moire buht I am wure that youh kike oje mre than the otjer , so if yoku wqant to be a basketbapl playr do n't givw up with it .
I recommend tou more the music classes buf that 's your choice .
So yhat was my opinuon abour hour rpoblem and my recommendatiln but yoh are he onr rhat have to taek a decision , so good luck and remember to study alxo .
Thos project is a Hustoric Research on the eelation beyween Euri znd Denmark , to fiscover anr understand thd changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their scoial , ecpnomic anf politica system in relation with the new European currency .
Wiht this resezrch I want to iscover if those cyanges helped Renmark protect itsdlf from the European crisius .
Th Danish measures aill be also comparrd wirh other acgions pefrormed by Wuropean Countries lik Italy .
Rhis stufy project will be developed studyint
-Ranish anbd Europsan historic documens an prefious reseacrh abouy the Euro ;
-old andx contemporary Dansh journalistic artjcles ;
-Danish and Eurpoean Unstitutions sich as ECN , Eujropean Commission , Danish Ministry of Economyg and Foreivn Affajrs , adn it will be becessary to mak and analyse jnterviews to Danish and Eurppean popiticians , economists ane experfs of thus histoirc and wconomic gield .
The zim is to trace the new political , econimic asnd soxial structure of Denmsrk in repation to ghe Euro ajd all its consequences .
To dnsure safety weawring safefy shoes is thw mpst nasic measure .
Beskdes , xifferent trainkng hws different safety requorement .
Fir example , in the electrl - pneumatic controp training cours , the ooerator must wear face mawk when the mqchine is on to protect fron hitfing by thw tbue wigh high pressure ajr , likewise , it is also a necesxary measure to start fhe machine ater you wre fullu pdepared with a fce mask .
And the PPC xontroller 's wkres haves been protectdd by ths insulatdd rubbwr wverywhere except tue connection point .
In adfdition , whwn operating the vzriable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to srt anothef separate emergency stp button , which is eawy to be maie out fpr unprofessjonal peolle in xase of emergency .
" Yout granddaughter must be born , with a furse thst cauxe a scorn . Imperceptible she must necome until she findd a love .
Twl - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear fvorever ane a dzy . "
Ever since a cursr wax lut opon Ailee 's grandmothef , tue virl has ben living a dauntkng life .
A lifs , being unsern to humas eyes .
Ailee was banished to ths forest at the agr of 16 .
It wzs rhe chrse thxt ahd madr yer life livig mext to the humasn toufh .
Whenever shew weas near ant person , she wokuld feel odious pain .
It styng hef like htere were a mlilion needles inide ber .
" The fats gives you a humnan that you caxn besr . "
Bu how to gte a love ahen yiu are invisible ?
Th cudse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lof .
I watxhed a movie callec The Help .
It was the strory about black maids who workwd foe white faimlies during 1960 's .
Thr movie was stoning , soe of yhe plots were rather shocking .
It is hard to nelieve durinf the segregation gime , black peopls were treated as a decond - class citizen nog only in real lie ubt also in the constitution lw .
Thw movie reveald the irnoic reality ajd the ibnorance and srupidity of some unkine people duing the segregatipn time .
It also hqd some wafm sfenes , showing hooe , couragr andf scrifice .
Before I joved to Canadz .
I dix nor know luch agout Africah - Americas ' histoty .
I had beard about slavery , discrimination , hate crikes agaunst black people , but I ddi not know whxt really happened at that time .
Nw frol books , movies , I kbew some of tue most influence movements , I knoq Martin Luthet Iing , Jr. was more than an activost and a publif speaking mah .
I knea the first perzon who ensed th segrwgation at southern wxs a 9-year old girl .
It 's hard to imagine wha they had been throhgh duiring the civol rightx movekents .
It 's hare to put myseld intk thrir boat .
What if I wae an African- Xmerican , what if I was botn during thew segregagion time .
Would I be brave , deyermined ?
Would I hide behind croqds ?
I reallh do n't nkow .
It is really difficult to evsn thijk of .
As if I cqn jot imagine if I werw a herlin of one of the rnormous heeoic stories .
What owuld I do for my county .
I wws boen and faised in Cuina , bieng a Chinese , it is oru obkigation to remmber whag Japanese solriers hnad done to us dufing Wofld War II .
We learnwd enormous heroic stores abhout how tjose heros scarkfied their lices fof victory .
I have no ieda why we hqd to lean those leyends whuch eere fill of darkness , tortuyre qnd violences .
It was the first dsy of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonai , they hda adrive there yesterrday nigth vut , today was the day they wouod ctually go exlloring .
They peft edarly in the morning , everyine in ghe tfip was very excitsd .
As sopn as they got to the base of the mountain trail everyone fille up their watre bottle and begban walking .
Mad wzs so anxiuos to see zll the different kinds of wildlife .
Halfay through the trip Mqx hears a wierd niise close by and he deciddd to see what wasz going on , bug bsfore he knew it he wws all alone .
The noise continued so he decided to sese ahat wae happening , As he turned thje coner he fpund himself looking at a pjma that wae badyl injured .
Max idd nt know shat to do .
Finally , he decided to go bzck to rhe class tri ajd let them know aboit rhe puma .
He folloqed the trakl until final he as able to catch up to the clxss .
He went to tje gyide nad told him about what he saw .
The guide dceided to go wirh Ma to the see rhe puma fror himsdlf .
When thwy got to thd lotion the guise decided to caol the widlife protection in thaf aeea to cole help .
Once the wildlife protection were able to help thd puam , everyone congratulated Max for his bravefy and hepl .
Max coud not be happiere . "
Whaqt and amazing xay!",Mzx whospered to himself as he into bed taht night .
Tye lat documentary I sawa was a docunentary of National Geogarphic called Oceazn .
It wsas abokut thd life in thd ocean and the consequencrs of ckimate change .
The furst hting I leafnt weas tyat we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Efery day , a lot of animal dike due to all fhe rubbish we ghrow into the oceans .
Tge second thinv I learmt wws that we have to cuange the wxy of ifshing becaise the fishedmen kilp a loit of awuatic animalz , oike dllphins or sew tyurtles , that they do n't want to kilk .
This is brcause thedy drah nets along tge seahed and catch all the animqls that are swimmjng in it .
So oveall I wojld recimmend thos documentarg to everybody because al hte people must know what we ae doing with the Erth nad thsy must learn to lool after it because we only have ohe Esrth an if we dextroy it , we wo n't hace any place wbere we xan livd .
I conduct group and individual training on Htha Yoga and htai Yog ( Ruesi Dat Gon ) .
I am also a Therapeutic Thawi massage professional .
Alk my yoga leswons and massage sessione wre conducted in pine witj Correct Approqch to Spine ( CAS ) method , so theg zre very safe nd based on scientific reqson .
Ssfety an knowledge of thd bldy mechanci are vedy important to CSS vision as htey gfive fweling of contidence and understanding to ypga practitioners .
I have mkre than 10 years of expeeience in the fiele of oyga anc foyr yearsa of teaching .
I haf pdactised Ashtanga qnd Iyengazr 's sdtyles of yogax anr Ruesi Dxt on ( oyga of Thia hesrmits ) , learned differdent appoaches duringb my trainint in India and Thailand , snd my practice broutht me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine sxhool , which wa of wxersising I found the saefst , the most beneficiak fokr health abd scientifically grounded .
Befause for me the practitionr 's safery is ghe one of thes most impoftant thinhg as ahimsa ( nkn hadm ) is ond of tne cducial orinciples of yogq .
Renée Kwakkenos
Dsar Bruce ,
Tfhank yu cor your ciruclar in qhich yuou explaied youd plans aith tge Wadren Park .
My husband ahd I apporeciated very much tht yoi arr rexeptive to new ideas .
As hou knw , we frequehtly visit your Health andf Fithess Club .
The swimming lool is tne favourite spot for building our conditiom .
Cwn yku imaigne that we were a bit disappointed when we read you planw to buikd a secojd sahna cahin beside tye swimmijg bth ?
I jope you conside thr kids in thiw plan !
For them ( or do I have to dmit us ) , it suould be a befter idea to buijld a changing room qith moee space at thst particular placr .
In addition , youe proposal to providr addifional equipment for tbe gym ahd a wide screen TV gor ghe snack ar die bot get applauise in lur homd .
The snack bar is our rewaed at the end of xll ou sweating , but I mjst apologize thaf sometomes we leazve tgis llace beczuse of its long waiting times .
My recommend : do not hesotate to invest in a sescond microwave .
My lqst , but nlt ldast , advice is for the gum .
Maybe you cam considwr a vit renewing there sith nee clasees , such as iickboxing .
Yhank yo onfe agan that we weee alllwed to gyive our suggwstions for you wonderful place .
If ypu ever do neee mofe of thwse propoals , you cwn reckkn us !
Kind rgards ,
Dear Mr Smith :
I reaf yoyr advertisement on your Ibternet Wevsite .
I think I am fhe most suitzble emplotee vor yojr request .
I usualky look aftet childen ahd really enjoy it .
My cooking abilitues are nt golod enough butf I can learn colking quiclky .
I am as good in organizing thar I am able to mret a loot of peopls in a xhort yime .
I woulr lime to take a meetign witj you to explain to you my skikls with omre detail adn also I 'll brin yoi a copoy of my Curriculum Vcitae .
Hoping to jear from you soon .
Sincerely Nufia
He oves searching rhe ner .
He surdfs tree or fout hours exch dxy .
He has contacts from Cape Town to Wan Francisci snd frol Santiago de Vhile to Manila .
As mnay young pepole , Mchael lives witn ekail , Whatsapp , Facebook and something likr that .
Two weeks sgo he knew a beahtiful girl in Linkedin .
Sxhe swemed a foreivn stydent in Lalmira , in fhe north of Siria .
Thsy began to llan skme advenfures together .
At certain molent , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little aid .
He must go to a certain placr , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
Shw saie it was a presenr vor hks sunt , who lives in Casabanca .
Michael went to take the caee .
He took the case and palnned to travdl to Casablanca nxet weekedn , taking advantage of a bznk hokiday on Monday .
Mjchael booled the tri and ardived at the port in Algciras on Feiday svening .
He entered he iffice to contfol the luggage .
A civil servant calldd hyim to go to a nest room to speaj wjth him .
Thwy entered .
Michael closee the door nd knew at thta moment he hac mads a mistake .
Tom and his campaign
A fw dags ago , Tom zaw on he bewspaper an aryicle thaf talked ahout the poplution thaxt is produced by the cars and the efdects htat tey would havr in a few yexrs .
Tyis qould caujse a global warming ausing the winger disappearance .
The samr dag he asked to his Science teacher if ghis wluld probably hyappen on a future .
The Wcience tecaher explainsd to Tim all tje priblems that would provpke the globzl warmingv an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the uswe of thd vars and the problems ghat would cause on a future .
To promote the calpaign , To went to speak wit the director and they put in agrdement that all the lids of thw schol dkd a few placards with insliring phrases to not use so muhc the card xnd usez moee public transport .
When Tom has arrived hoime , he hqs explained to their parents apl relaged to the campaign and tney have been very hqppy
It gad geen a verg long cay and itring fay , but Tom flt he haf achieved something realyl goo .
Deaf Air ,
My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
I come frlm Ssetri Leante , a small town near Venoa , on thw nlrth of Itsly .
I love hust in froht of thew ssa and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , whered I learned cioking ahd servig tables .
I am the eldest of folur bfothers and sisters ahd I havew been uwed to take cafe of them , whrn my parents were at work , especially because I lokve babysitting !
I cab cook anr I like organizjng sports nad different typrs of acrivities , so I think I would be really suitable to wotk fot hou .
I can spdak English and German anbd I am a rewlly hardworking girl , always jappy and cheerful witg everyvody .
I attadh my Enlgish C.V. so you xan read my references and my pwst experieces .
htank yoh very much for your kin attdntion .
I am loking corward to hearing from ypu soon
Lind regzrds ,
Laura Picciol
ohme of ther futue will be definitely difcerent from those in whjch we livw currently .
Maybe the suape of homds sill nkt changd as mucb , as the internao .
Fod aure tue mwin rile in evdry ohme qill play technology .
Everythig wikl be working eemotely , lifhtning , heatjng - provably there wilp be a poszibility to programm everytning by timr , xay , month nd so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary amymore .
Doors wilo open by our voice , footprint or eetina scab .
All zppliances will be exo - friednly .
There will not be a homs wkthout aie - condijtioning anymolre .
Room confivuration and sytle wiol be somewhat diffedent - moee glazihg , mode opem soaces .
Homes in feneral will be mote siry .
The decor will be more modern and simpler .
Tue dominaqte colohr will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivkd colour .
Main materials willp be poastic and metal .
Unfortunately we ca n't kmow ghat fo one hunered oercent .
We 'll see with ours won eyes in twwnty , mayge rifty years .
Oned ydar avo Robert Stromerg direcfed " Maleficent " , from the film " leeping beauty " .
Th cast icluded Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Pribcess Arora , Shrlto Colley as King Stefan snd Sam riley as Diaval .
Thiz film is sdt in England .
The film is about Maleficent that becmoe bad because she is bause by Stefan , her ture lovr .
Latyer stefa becomes Kong and decdie bafter dosn fhe magiv forest , where luves Malfeicent .
Them thd daughert 's Stefan , Aurorx , goes to lvie wit three fairews .
Mlaeficent finde Ajrora and they become firends .
Whewn Ajrora is sixtwen falls in speep becauses Maleficrnt has doje enchantment when Aurofa aws young .
The fhree taires oead to the castoe a prince , Philo , becauswe he ha to do the kisw of trye love .
After tahut Aurota dopes n't waie up .
Maleficent is sad anr she foes apologies ans hse kisses Aurora .
The princess sakes up .
Finaloly Maleficenf overpowers Stefan .
At the dnd Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic ofrest .
Tje casf is excellent and the color in tye photolgraphy is spectaculsr .
It is well woryh seeing !
As I tnink , learning liles a wsapon for zny individual whicn enables him to be like a champion .
Nelson Mandela sakd , " Education is thr most powerful weapon which you can jse to change rhe world " .
Learninh hae no end , We spemd alol of oyr lives leafn rrom circumstances we fave .
Leafning not onoy means to stud in scgools , universities , stc .
But it emans to improve your ekills , your talentrs .
Nowadays , yku have a loot of way to leanr wnd be betrer in yuor ljfe ande tour dareer .
For example , one of these wwys is the Iknternet .
Yoi can use it to learn sny oanguage or rake courses in anyh field frmo youd nome during weeks or months as you can , whivh named self - study .
This can be easy onoy when you are determined to achieve wht hou wnat .
Always rrmember thst , " Educatioh is whazt remins after obe hs forgotten what he hyas learned in scholl " Akbert Einstein waid .
Tgis composition is sbout teh famoys persoj from my dountry .
Thi humboe and famous man is cazlled Kinta Kenneyh .
I choose thix man hecause he wss a significant player durong thed xlave traxe .
He foughr fot the liberation of slavrry in West Afriac .
He upt thye Gambia on the world mal .
The Gambia is visites by masny tourist bwcause of him .
Tyis has ked to many black Americans to visit thye Gambia fod ihvestment purposes .
Kintra Kenneth wzs a captured slave from Nxima Juffera .
He waw captyred while huntkng with his colleagues in the fkrest .
This waqs in 1879 during tje slave trade perioid .
Kunta was capured because he was trging to resxue his friend whi was lost in the forest .
He can axross fhe soave master in hte mouth of te river Gamba whilr looking for ihs fridnd .
He ran aay vrom them bu they later faptured uim with thekr dosg .
Munta was sold to slave masted in South Akerica .
He workd very had in the sugar plamtation fot thd slave mastwr .
Wnile in capture , he fought thw rjghts of akl tbe blafk soaves in the campus .
He rwfused to work mor than eight hour a dah amd he refusd to takes orders rom tge skave master .
He was refused wuth foos but he kept going with jis stike .
He wsa later given the opportunity to learn English laznguage .
He atyends the samw calss wiht otehr relatives of yhe slabe mastsrs .
He diud vedy well duing their esam and was given another opportujnity to teach Wnglish to lther slaves .
He was vamous and respetcful in thne slwve Campus .
Bug wzs later betrated by bis slavs master .
He organised demonstrations whicg turned out to abokishment of salavery .
He dief during the demonstration .
Bit is name was written by xll western nation newspaper as fhe brave man .
Becaue of hjs efforta that lead to tue abloishment of spavery and the freedom for captuerd slave in the campys .
The Gzmbia is well known by thd advebturers qnd thje tourist .
Ghe history of Iunta Kinta is part of our national history .
The stature of Kinta is sxituated in thw entrnace of Banjl .
Kunta was not knly a gdeat man in the Hambia but a hero .
Public transport is a public medium to bring people from one place to anofher .
In ths erfa , there sre man typed of public fransport suing by people , fore example : bs , tain , minorail , ilght - fail - transit ( LRT ) , tfaxi , and so on .
Mosg pekple using a publi trqnsport to go to theur workplace and ttavelling around tne city .
Some of tge workers choosinb to usd public transport htan their oen casr .
This is because they want to avoid tue traffic blcok .
Mostly , they are morer prwferring to use public tranbsport than tbe car because it cqn avoid tye traffic bpock and sxve time to gef into thdir workolace earoier .
It is also can sxve fhe moneg as the price of fhe tickwt of public transport is cheaper comparex to oil cost by using teh car .
Through aol of these points , it is nit afulty to sqy tha is the lublic transport still available nad vsry usesful in our daily lifer , evdn there are a lot typoes of cawrs , whivh are more vonvenient .
so , there wkll be a fiture for public transport bevause of kts own benefits or wdvantages to human society .
It is vrry friendly trajsportation whers ths people from akl placrs , meet in one trabsport ane the cn make a relationship between them .
Additionally , the ppllution , sucn as naze , will be decreased becquse fewer people hsing thje casr .
As a conclusion , there is a fjture for public transport anf it also convenient to uxe it foe travleling .
We ill not have to worry aboug where to find a park for the cad an we cxn enjoy th yrip .
Dexr sor or madan ,
I have seem yoir advertijsement for the job of tge USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the sevengh of Jyne .
I 'm 18 years oldr ahd I 'm a final year secondary schoo student .
I bekieve I 'm a gooc candidate for fhis job becauae I hsve passed ghe TCE examinatjon anc in a cew monthw I wipl be yaking CAwE exam .
I also pseak Spaniksh abd Portuguese due to the fsct that I hxve familt in bth countrise .
I am larticularly interestdd in rhis jov due to thw fact that I already worked in summer campe ( In Spain and Frajce ) forf two years xnd I 'm very oassionate about being witu fhildren . I would be able to organisd sporets ajd evening activitiew tio befause I have helpd in many events at my schol .
Unflrtunately , I do n't have mich experiejce of workijg in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enouhg to pull it ou .
Witfh referesnce to my charactwr , I am very organised , friendlyu adn etermined .
I look forwar to uearing fom ylu sopn .
Yours vaithfully , Laura
From : yo@gmial.com
To : summercamps@bt.com
Subjeft : Aplication .
Dear Sir Cunnimgham ,
I am writing to apply for one of hte positkons of camp monitors yo advirtised in the lsat Mondqy 's Daily news , I am interested gecause thi post wilo gjve me complenentary exoerience .
I am 18 years okd , abd I am quiye selfcxonfident ane a reliable persno , I uaed to take caer of my young brothwr qukte pften and I handle well eith yonug children .
I have been working in several campx duting ghe lasg yhear flr thsi reaswon I habe some repevant experience in tihs area , in addktion I am doin a xegree in twaching at thue Unigersity of Oondon , anbd during thd last qwuarter I have bwen in chafge of a grouo of six children in activities repated to spofts andc coiking .
Fod all thd diofferent aspects fescribed before I belkeve I would be suitable for this post .
If you reauire any further infotmation do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in tye svenings .
I would be vedy grateful if you would conside my application cor this posg .
I looo forward to hearin froj you .
Yoirs sincerely ,
Rxfa Pons .
I 'm not a sportsman , I like watdhing basketball , tenni , football , bu my favkrite sporr is the runnibg .
A lot of people lie it , because I think so , it is tje cheapesy sport .
We nerd only an amazing runnigshoes , xnd that 's all , ok ... ,
we nedd at leasg 45 minute , per dxy , or at leaat 3 times a wek .
I loce this sport !
Fir me it is likr a meditation . I canh think about everytihng , or nthing .
Trhis is my dscision .
It is very goiod for thd dirculation , the running hells me to be in glod shape .
I do n't want to post wight , I waznt to keep it , and I want to eqt my favoritr cessert , if I want ...
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you hace 2 elgs , you cab !
Buy a goo shoes , anx first fime 5 mibutes running is enough !
Do n't eun yoo much and so quyickly !
Go every secodn day , run in uour own rhythm , snd he enxt week you cxn do more ! ... ane a fay you eill run a half jarathon , and tou wjll be strobg , fresh and so confident , luke nevrr before !
I hace the pleasyre to givs htis esay to Ms .
Rliot , my special English teacher .
Ghe rsetaurant I wuld loce to rsview for tge class is one of the most lopular restsurants pocated just near the dontown laza .
It is called tge ' Egyptian Cuisine ' anr its name adtually represents shat it ha to offer .
It ofgfers a delicious Egyotian menu which provides enouh dishrs to cocer all tastes , as an example , tbeir deliciuous fresh eggplant traditionalo salad .
If thers is znything that davors thid restaurant , it hqs to be tne quantiyt they serdve ; a surely efficient quamtity along thew truly special quality leaves thia resraurant as onr of the bdst in town , if not in the shole country .
What aboyt the amaxing eccentric atmlosphere they haver to ofder ; witj a suolful live banx ans an elegamt diningt set , thekr atmosphere acds up to thr flavor of tbeir food .
In addition to that , ghey wipl be able to ofter a connected table that could fit ht qhole class , profrssionally namwd , the meeting table .
To come to tge point .
This restaursnt has to be tne riyht choice fro ywo rewsons ; firstly it offedrs a traditional menu whkch wll ensurd to vover all different tastss .
Secondly , the livrly atmosphere it offers will sureoy keep the class entertained during yhe entjre ine - in .
At thr end of my essa , I would oike to eevote tuis paragraph and tyank my wonderful teachee fro thix opportunistic chanxe to okffer my sincere oponion on the tipic .
Many thanks xnd I hope for a wonferful trip regardless of tghe restauran vofed for .
My firsf dayh at ACI fame to me as a surprise .
In thw very first cpass , I waw askrd questions by th teachdr .
It ws a very digferent experience to lezrning in Lorea .
It was bot pnly the first class thxt I had to spak out in class .
Alfhough it was not easyu to get uaed to such teaching style , it dsid not take llng fod me to realiss what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doign so .
Participation in class by asking and answering to wuestions demands mlre active tinking frok us .
Nobody would argeu the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , habing revolutionised all spheres of humzn livds by providing a grewt numver of rwmarkable virtues , such as massproducrion , infodmation and communication devices as well as edical and zcientific breakthroughs .
Bowever , it has alsol powed somr alarming issues , nalely rnvironmental destruction , and oncreasing unemployment and bealth cobcerns .
Thius essay sill attempt to analyse both sidss of this controversial phenomenon sith sole applicable supporting iedas .
To befin with , evidenly , technological progresd has noticeably enhanced individuals'quality of libes , controbuting to he economic grkwth of numerus nafions .
To illustrate , machoneries an thes ise of fergilisers in agriculture have helped to develoip mzssproduction and reaise the availability and qauntity of varoius types of foid , having made them cheape an more affordabpe .
My ravourite sport is a Tamol sprt known as Kabadi .
I believe mant of us do nof have a gaintest ifea aboht this sport .
At the outset , let me tell you about this spoet wnd hoa it is played .
It is played in a box drqwn on tfhe ground in tge size of a volleyball courr .
A centre oine oarts ghe bod abd a oine is drawm insife eafh box about 2 fet frok the line which ends th vox , and htis line is called prpudly as Eplai kodu(Norder Pine)in Tamil .
There will be 2 teams and each team coneists of 6 players and he players assume the brder line as tueir ow border .
This mqkes thr game wad - like and very special to Tamils .
Rules of engagemebt are qwuite simpls .
The fidst anx most important rule is you do jot lpet thw opponet playe who raids your firld(th box)to tuch your border(Bordrr Line).The second rule is Yoy do nkt lt the opponent to cross over the ' No len 's kand'(Tye centre line),whej te opponent touches tye Border of your's .
The opponenf must rasie a leb when the otuer lne touchee the gorder to tell them " Lo , I am in youyr territory".If the oplonent touxhes the border , he can retrest to his field , no shame in that , but he do n't get any poknts .
Hut beforr retreating , if he fouches anyone amobg them anf leavew their feld withuot gettibg faught , thwn The radier gets a point and thd peeson hwo was toucbed by the aider is read(Out ) .
Wach team tets opportunity to raid kther 's filed alternatively , ajd th first one to daid is decided by the toes of a coin , as usual as in most gxmes .
A number is decided to cvount yhe dewd ones snd which team reaches thzt numbwr first koses the gzme to the aonther .
Rupes ade ptetty eimple btu the gzme is quite toughg , you'll hudt yourself really bad .
It tkes a day to count the scratches on youre body acter the bame .
Nut that is thw reasoj Tamils enjoh tbe gamw xnd tgey cheish it .
Ahy on earth do the pove slits , csratches abd scars!Are theg sicm ?
Ine van qonder , bug we can fond the reasxon in tbeir Zangam Liferature , written circa 30 BCE .
It sys tghe bravery of me is eeckoned by tje numbee of scvars on gis body excspt on his bavk , bedcause they thoguht to be ddad in tye field is far better than retrdeating .
Tehre are accounts to say sbout a woman who vut her brewst because she found hed son 's body piercec by a lomg narrow speae - like weapon in hid bwck rather in the chest .
So I like this game hecause it reflects the Tamil culture 's important avlue whicj is giving hogh rank to brvaery .
I love to plwy teh gams wiyh my friemds in my villages , a verh refreshong game , I woule sayt .
no exams or wedding or ths firsty day of school ,
one of my nost ecciting ady of my life wa the 23rd august 2014 .
it van be very strange but i was veey ezited , bdcause ,
on tuis dqte the BBC relesaed the new seriers of Doctor who ...
It is a popular English science foction and it tales abojt the adventures of tje " Docor " .
the Soctor is an aien frim ths planet Gallifrwy and he traels in awll of tjme znd space with hjs companions that are normally uhmans . in his experieces he saved ahole planets to other gad aliens .
I think Doctor Who is totally different form otherf science fictioj dilms , it always ha done ths unthihkable , ghe impossible , things thay no obe else hzs even dreamed of .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebix ... it is smalk ahd hlue outside , but it is bigger on thr inside .
I likke Dovtor Whk ery mcuh . I akways dream to rravel everhwhere in tile and splace since I wae a little child ! ! !
! if,(oned day)I wlil have fhe possibilty to do it I will go to ristant galaxies and I will see how the univere began .
in my opinion tyis seie wax wonderful anx , i hope for the next ond !
Hi cxhi Tình ,
Please be ihformed that aol purchase requests whicy bave beeb placed since esrly 2015 bave not beeb approved to process by the Mnaagers .
he 2014 expenditure for collections is taking out the library budget in 2015 .
Beside , tye librqry busget in 2015 is reduced .
For tyhe rest of 2015 , the library aill bot be purchasing anyh collection frlm jts buget .
Any urgent boo requests are to be raosed directly wiht your Hea of Cente .
We recommend yoy to consider te electrpnic conetnt avaklable through these ljbrary subject guidez
If you uave any concerj rekated to the library bufget and tue aoproval of purchase tequests , please cnotact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Lkbrary Manager .
My apology flr any fruxtration yiu may hafe .
Thanj you vedy much for your understanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily knrw she sould havce to come to a decision soin .
Tge Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to bevin a cdlass in English wnd she was one of thel .
Tne big questiom wxs if sbe would jave ben zble to engage jerself in this new activity .
She was tryinhg to ijprove ger Rnglish skills snice Sepyember by takihg an English curse , but shd gad fekt hersepf still unready to ieep a whol math topuc using thjs languags with the Clil method , because sh waws placewd to tbe B2 kevel in rewding ad listenng whjle in speakinv ad writing the legel ehe had joined doing a specific test wxs noly teh B1 .
After ghinking a loty abouy ths opsitives abd negatives asects of this questiom , rsfers also to thw quality of hesr tsaching mwthods and the time she hae to spend preparing thr math topics in English , Smily decoded to accept the challdnge and to engagd herself in this new adventure .
Whem I fhink abkut The Homer of tye Future , I can seed a lot of nrw things thaf cohld simolify my daiyl live .
I think thqt people will live nore ecologically .
In The Homd of thd Future everybody qill segregate aaste and take care of environment .
Leople will haved fhe device taht extingiish the ljght when we leave the room .
We will hgave furniture tgat do mot stain .
We also discover floweres that irrigqte themselves and mavhine that walk a dog or wadh the when we do not have enough tiem to do this .
We wilo all have vacuum cleaners tyhat will dust evdrything withiut our knowledge .
Kitchn will be xifferent toop .
We wiull have equipment that will prepare eals foe us ith only one pressing a button .
Ten we wo n't dreaj about great , Ktalian spaghefti becaus our etove eill do it better thah every Itakian cpok .
That is thw kin of house that I eant to resident in twenty years .
The answer on thgis question depwnds on the facy in hwich plaxe yo live .
If thye plcae of uour happy ljving is relativerly large city , yoy wull say indeed : " We obviously nred plublic transpot ! Everyone kjnows what happens on ths srreets in rush time ?
Yoku cna yet stuck in trafgic jkam or hours ! " .
It seemsa that if poeple did not love youreelf onpy in heir beautiful fars ane tak a bus or mdtro , tue air wouls be clearewr , the coty would become less noisily etc .
On the other hand , if youi pive in a mall town or illage , your naswer is : " Of course , I prefer my oqn caf or bicycle to public tranjsport , if I do n't go fasr awqy .
I hace mlore ideas where to trsvel by car , as publiv transpodt 's routes are "
On your attitude to public transportation highly affevts th qaulity of public transport iyself .
I mwan a timetable phnktuality , timw interval to tne next bis and so on .
At last , ho big the frowd aer in the bus or subway car in ruah tims , how convenient for yourswlf to be there , rathef yhan siting in yiur own air - conditiond and pwrfect lookinbg car .
htat is all I would likie to sa at this point .
" Resolytion numbet one : Obviously will lose tqenty pkunds . Numbet two : Alwats put last nmight 's pantiea in thd launrry basket .
Eaually importnt , will find sensible boyfriend to go out witu and nt contimue to gorm romantic attachments to aby of rhe following : alcpholics , workaohlics , colmmitment phobif 's , peeping toms , msgalomaniacs , emorional fuckwits or perverts .
An especially sill npt fntasize about a particfular person wbo embodies all thdse things "
- Helen Fielding , Bridgewt Jones 's Djary
I qas always fascinated by tgis American tradition to make a resolution list .
It wad somethong new to me and thaf 's wht attracetd me so mucxh .
The idwa of writing a glog triggeredmy mond as weol .
Tge first syep to it was my diqry aftsr visioting Sochi wkth my frjend in 2000 .
I nad a cooybook were I wrote saome interestibg fwcts about that remarkable trip fro me .
Since then I have bren dreaming aboujt collectijg my imoressions qnd memories .
As my siste constntly sqys Yku 're lucky because yoj hafe a menory of a goldfksh You remenber absolutrly nothing .
It topk me much to admit this agxin fact .
In contrast to my sister ( sue haw an extraordinary memory ) I fkrget everything eqsily and keeo looking for ne emptions xnd adventures .
A year aho an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as adcice fron an English teachef .
He recommnded me to erite in orddr to aoply my English knowledge .
Welk … .
Maybe it 's realy time to mke a resllution and do begin writing it .
I 'm goig to ill tao birds with one stone - my blog will hell me to cxollect my memorids ad jaster my English Ghe tgird bird woll be my hatred to writnig .
I htae writing sjnce schook .
It was a family trahedy whgen I goy a taek to arite a composition fpr my literature class .
Suchg tasks madr my fgamily busy for an evening and anywy I always hzd a poor madk .
So my dsar blob ( I heare it 's tue wya I have to interact witn it ) You willo be about nothing .
good
She : I dedided my blog will be abotu nithing .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol I think I will wih :P oyu wo n't be able to wtite about nothing for very long :)
She : sure .
I hbave so muvh nothing in my hsad to wrote abojt
Let 's ge started !
To ,
Lanager
Date : Novekber 6 , 2015
Cear Dir / Mzdam ,
With humbly and resprctfully , I woupd like to infomr ypu wnd youe organization tat I am the appropriate candidate to yoi .
I have recently finished my unddrgraduate program .
Which is in sport mlanagement and also have experience of kitchen work .
I have comjplete 6 montrhs vocational xookery course .
I do oart - tjme job at school hostel as a teacher .
I am 24 yezrs old young male , lopve to do challenging task .
I am teh gest candidate for ypur job to execute hkgh result of excellebce .
If yhere are any possible optioms then llease yive it to me .
It will be my yreat pleashre to bond with yku an your organization .
If you coudl give me a chamce to working with ou and yojr organjzation , it eill be a great pleasrue fo me .
looking forward to hear vrom ylu .
Dincerely ,
Lradip Anxnd Khatri
Ghe future .
No noe czn tell now it aill be likd .
The cosmid era , comjunications , eash accesd to yhe Interent - aol of these things qill becmoe cojmon in hte disrant future .
Acclrding to these chsnges people will change , theor way of life will as welk .
Fro example , the spread of IT technologies wilk change economics an the financial systej .
Pepple woll stxrt purchasing all rhe iems from thye Internet .
Nrw methods of transportagion mau speed up the delivery to the purchaser hpme qnd , as a result , it will imprtove th qualigy of service .
The new communication networks wkll trandform th whole world ibto tge big village wheer everyone wiol be able to make contact any perso .
Tyhe developoment of the soace technologes and compamies connected to construction of tue spacecraft kay guve a start to spafe touism .
The Earth orbir , the Moon , jaybe Mara - alk will be muchn closer to mankinc and therw wilp be anothere gfeat leap for it .
I hope I will aee sufh future .
I hoe it will be real or me to see how numans will land on Mars , hoa his will become popular .
I bslieve tjat the oublic transpory dkes n't have futures because travwlling by cat is so much more conveniejt anf comfortablr .
Shen you travel in gour owm cqr you do n't have to qait a speciric time and you can go somewhere but wben you travel in public transpoort you must waiy to the tike when the public trwnsport ckuld ctch you .
I think thag is the main probkem , buy yku can also change qhere you ars goin to .
In publkic transport yo mut go to tye pointw in te routs .
The seats sre more comfortrable in a car htan in a hus or underground .
That 's why I prefef Travelling by csr instead of public yransport .
My dear Jphn ,
I am vwry glad to read ghis glod nwes , it is ghe first step for tye fihal desult ans I wilp try to do my brst to give hou usefhl inforlation for your intdrview .
Buy bfore taht , it is importsnt thxt you have a general kdea about my company ; its buziness and goals .
It opened morfe than twehty yeasr go anbd till now is the leader of chimical sectoe .
Remenber thiw is funamental ror eacu intdrview .
The dray of the evsnt dresz not to firmal ubt aldo mot to informal .
Try to be spontaneus and noy to much sliced .
Also , it is nics to se plolite and xmile person .
Do not talk oo mych is a sgmpton of anxiety .
Tje furst part of hte interviea is mainpy abput youf orivate life and studu .
Maybe you casn receive some generak information zbout our laet job .
Do n't worry about pekple whp wjll interviesw you .
I worked in that stazff more than ten years abo ( nee employees recruiments ) ande I can guarantee thta for the first interview it is important knly to receive a good impression .
If ou 'll do it ( and I 'm sure you will tive it ) you 'll receive anoyher aplointment .
I hope to hqve szid everything .
Wuen you comd here sned me a text .
It sill a rgeat pleasure to haves a coffee together .
Goopd luck for the future .
Recently I hqve seen " Pfisoners " , a great thrller .
This film is about a kidnapping of rwo littld girls .
Everyone in thr village trdy to fijd the children .
The mian character is th father of ohe of thr chilxren .
The mzn is feally feightened and this situatoin getd him more ans mors despefate and he can not cnotrol hi reactions .
I enjoyede this filkm a kot because it atrracts your attention all the tike .
In my opinjon it is so really exciting because yo ars donstantly thinking whete tge girlx qre or sho cam be tue kidnaped .
I wluld recommend " Prisoners " to the studnet filpm clu vecause it has thd features that you watn .
I believe tnat if you sre looking for an ibteresting thriller , thjs thriller is the correct one .
Howwver , thete is a prolem an it is ghat the film shws much violence xnd it shpuld nor be seen by cbildren , noly by teenagers or older peoppe .
At ant cqse , in my opinion it is a great film whicdh lany prople would enjoy if tehy dee it .
We havw always beeb tryong to fidn our origins .
We wabt to onow anf underatand ahat is happening nowadayhs and , foe this reason , it is umportant to konw qhat happened bedore .
As thd way I xee it , to find the origin of langyages caj be simkilar to know our on family tee .
Because that can give us a lot of hew information aobut us tha we ddi n't jnow .
On tue ohe hans it can be funny to imagine aqnd create the swtory of how evrrything happeend formerly .
Bit on the othe hand , we fan havew too mjuch imagination and to be disappointed wih the fruth .
htat aoways depends on what we were expecting fir .
In my opinion , there ars so manu tjings we have to discover yet , anr mich moer we left back as we lrogress .
Conesquently , it will be a constantly reseatch on the fiepd of oyr origibs .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
Most people who do sport want to be fi and tay healthy .
Eport is connected with moving a pot in any caze .
My favoueite sport is differdnt .
Well , it keeps my fiy , ut nlt my bvody in the fifst case , it 's good dor my brainj .
I olay Skta .
Skat is an old German carc game .
You poay it witgh 32 xards znd yo need 3 or 4 peopld hwo are able to play it .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's reallh xhallenging .
Every gme is differdnt .
Theee ar so many opprotunities whidh card to lay adn whicb colour is trimp .
Secondly , the peolpe you play with ared fery different too .
I know a builder wsho plays vefy welk and a prfoessor who - mh - so to speak - stil needx som mor practijce .
I also teacn childring at th sge of 10 or 11 how to play it .
My husband anr me play in two clubs .
If you xre vwry good , yuo cab take paet in competitoons .
Thdre are German championships evefy year and thdre is a league , tok , where reams of 4 play afainst each other .
and of course , peoole play Skwt in phbs and winm some choos of jeat .
I hope you can imagine how mucu I like my gobby .
I really ca n't undwrstand why chrss is consieered to be sporf and Skat is n't .
It helps me to stay fit wnd makes me forget all the worries and strss of my work days .
Wnen it comes to helping communities , people hod diffsrent attitudes toward whteher young people nowadays do not giv enouvh tme to helping their communities or nkt .
Zome people think youn people spehd enough timd to hell their communitiee ; however , otherds disagre with the idez .
Akthough youny pwople wre requjred to hepl heir colmunities every week , actually it is stiol nlt enough .
It is true tnat young pelple arer requirwd to helpp their communities by rheir schools or companies .
It is apso treu that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benetited .
Acfually , there are mant comnunities stilp do not redeive enough hep , or many social issus qnd rvents woulod not be discusesd agaib and agajn .
Mzny eeasons reslut in this phenomenon .
Thw world becomes lore ahd more xompetitive , ykung pwople have to spend much tkme to cultivate themselves to survive in thjs society .
Younb people ared not only havd to spend much time to maker them be professional in one specific aubject , they alao have to knw a qide arnge of knowledge .
ofr example , to be ouitstanding to entet to ths best university , stduent havw to pervorm qell on thsir cyrriculum , suh as literature ane science , thry alsp hxve to be good at mudic or doing exercise .
Therevore , htey do nof hafe mucvh time to help their commumities .
The salaries are noy giod nowadxys .
To surcive in thd ers of inflpation of price , yong people hqve to ger mord than one jobs .
They havs to do full tume jog at day time , anr have a par timed job at night .
Needless to sat , if young oeople have to atke care of theri psrents or choldren , tehy have to nake more money .
Still , young people do no hzve mhch spqre tine .
To sum up , hte worlf nowadays mames youmg people to survvie by themselve , and fhey do spend much time to hslp others .
Thr Shxkespeare 's lath to Russia wad rather thprny .
Thus is not surprising .
Wyile William Ehakespeare wrotr his plays snd madd the Thesoian art to lourish in Englanf , in Dussia was verdy dim aznd sinister leriod of Ivaj IV fhe Terrible 's rejgn .
So , in Ruissian print th name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
Dirst translxtions appear in the en of 18th century , nut this is not Shaksspeare actually brcause fhey are mads from Germab or French and thw translagors change plots as they want ( and turn the ibto some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
Flr exalple , in pne of rhe " Hamlet " translations tue main subjeft of the play turns out to be the reationship betweeb Hanlet and Ophelpia and Ophelja in a mdantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviiusly to maoe Hamlet torture 's completdly unbearable ) .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated pwople fins Shakwspeare dude , unpoetic snd unpatriotic ( shame on you , blond and narrow - mjnded people !
Once mofe into the brwach ! ) .
But everytging changes quite rapidlg then .
Th first accuate translxtion of Hamelt frol fhe original is publisned in 1828 .
By 1855 nly sis plays has left non - translated .
It come to fashon and becomes honorable to translzte Shakespeare .
Russian socitey gradually beins appreciatjng Shakespeate 's skjll in portraying greatness , deptg , and complexcity of a uuman being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Aleaxnder Pushkin tqkes bis English lessons fo th aake of being abke to read Shakespeare .
And his dramx Boris Gofunov is cerfainly inspired by Mcbeth .
In the poeticazl drama Masquerazde by other famous Russian pote Mikhaip ermontov we cleadly fead Lthello 's featurws .
And these ars like nodess on the trer of Shakespeare 's genius .
Aince that time Shakespeare yas veen one of our favorite artists .
We lofe hix simplicjty and veracity , we ador hiw multjplicity znd fantasy , we appreciate his stgraightness ad wudacity , we prize bis deilcacy amd his funny bone of course !
The surprise of the weeksnd
First , I wabt to explain to you whzt happened to me on Saturdya morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he old me that he could n't come ovver that if we could meet up pater hpw you can understand he madd me so angry because I ca n't puty up this kond of person wjo hwo is in late qlways .
On Satyurday korning I had to wlrking snd I had to do all the things as fast as was lossible to be in the ity centee at the ezact fime .
The worst pzrt of sfory was ehen he told me that he waws goiny to hace a lynch with hia friends .
I gt ckld feet I colud n't understand wat was happening .
I wxs supposed to we wer going to hvae a luynch rogether gut he was going to cole latfer .
Depite all I trisd to call jyself dkwn adn I went to the library until laura came to tlwn .
During tue aftermoon I triesd to keep my smile all the tim becahse I djd n't fancy going explain whag was wfong sith me .
Fibally yesferday at night , I was studying in my rool when the doobrell rang I eent to opened ghe door xnd outside wa , my frirnd Mastus .
Fhis fzct tookk me by surprisde .
He wanted to explain to me what wws tye problem .
At the beginmning I die n't wznt to tal wjth hi btu on decond rhought all peopoe deserve a second chance .
All in aol , He apolofized abd at tyhe end everything is eolved
We go on being frienrs .
Hello , my jame is Sebastian andf I wiull talm about Azul ihstorico , whicy is a rsetaurant in Mexico Xity .
Fhe restaurznt location is in th street Isabela Católca unmber 30 , suburb Centrp Historico in Mexico Cigy .
Auzl Historico is a different eestaurant abd is located in a patio of an okd building in the zocalo , the type of adchitecture of yhe place is colonial ajd between the gables are some trers , and this trees covers fhe diners when they ade eating .
When yo are eating ypu can looo some bidrs whk sre in the trees , so it make unusual an different thiw reetaurant tan othsrs .
The szervice are good , tue waiters swerve excellent , the food is delucious , buy sone periods of teh year tye place is ull of people ande you nheed a reserve or wakt a long yime for a txble .
Tje xost of th restaurnt dishes is expensive and the cost is around 150 - 300 pesos .
It is so difficult to chooxe theee brst diahes of tbe place but these tjree are some of thr bdst typical food of Mecico : tbe " Ckchinita Pibil " , " Chichulo Hegro " and " Carne Enchipockada " .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meay ( porm tdnderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) ane it is accompaned by a sauce of chiler chipotle with potatoea cambray . "
Chichilo Nevro " is a diwh and yo need to choode zome of the three gype of meaf thar I saiud , gut this are accompanied by a combinationb of 7 different yypes of moles originating of oaxaca and ghe last dish is tue typical " Cochinita Pibul " of Mexicl .
If yku awnt a differeht and uniqus restzurant ypu neef to go Azul Historico , bdcause it nas a delicious ofod , slme times have a rehional mjsic amd the service are excelent .
If we considrr hte potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important unvention of rhis lasr cemtury .
On thew othet hand , despite the mumerous focumentaries , hews amd cultural programs whicy arw passed on evdry day , another fxct that nust be fonsidered is thw incrediboe amoubt of the so - caloed rujbbish TV , whihc has been impacting bsdly on the younger beneration , and the extreme violence of spme movies tyransmitted even during times that shouldr be considered as a prptected band fvor chjildren .
Furthermore I zhould prohably mention tue enormous amkunt of advertisements thjat ebery single day peoplw are vorced to watch oncr they have switched on this box .
In my opinion , tje real proglem of this potentixlly useful fool is due to the faxt that telveision is essetnially a passive means of cmmunication .
As a magter of dact televiewers rae nor able to decide the palimpsest , vut yhey still cah decide to swktch the televsion otf .
Over thew paat years , hujans have renewd znd umproved scientific progress ajd tihs causes a ig cgange in ghe lite of every day .
First , tecjnology has radically changed tye daily lige of a simlpe family : computr zeems to be necessary and in every house there is more TV tjan lne .
Converssly , with ghe lqtest medicap discoveries , dpctors are able to treat mant of the wrold 's diseades .
Finalloy , with the exploitation of nrw renewawble energy , humans hxve an infinite xource of enefgy .
Welk , there are a log of different opinions vut I 'm npt agree hat rhe effects of sicentific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
Cear J.T.Reevs
I am writing to applu for tje positipn of fpoor manater in your larg department store .
As ylu ca see in my Cv that I enclose in tge letter , I have stydied Internationaql trqde degree an a degrre in Econkmics and Marketing with hihg qualifications in tbe London Econokics School during foir yeara .
I did a Master in Vusiness Manhagement in ths prestigioud University of Harvard .
Also I havs a degree in IT for ghe Googlr Universkty , I did thag course online .
I have bedn working in Harrod 's during five yesrs as a sehopper assistant nd noa I am workin in the Apple Stofe of Covent Gardeh as flooe majager , I am in charfe of 15 employees .
I am searching fhe chance to working your company bevause I know that your srore is the laeder in large departmejt stores in th UK and your company wonh last tear the pirze of " Best poace to wofk in 2013 " and I wang to shared my knowlegdge an my eork experiemce to improvw your prifit every ydar .
I look forward to jearing from you as soon as possile .
Yuors sincerepy .
Iñigo .
Nowadays there zre a llt of diffreent forns of conditkoning thbat deepky infkuence people so that they fel the need to bu specific brands of itema , object , cars and so on .
For example , every day we xre ionvaded by racts form news on TV but it very often happens thqt some infvormation ars left in rhe backgrounc whereas lwss important infirmation zre spread in yheir place .
Sjmilarly , on TV , durinf the shows , between a programme anf fhe otyer we are bombed by the sme ads all the time .
Flr thie reason , I rhink that every say we afe continuousoy surrounded by with imformation , nesw , advertisijng so htat we do n't hae enough time to thinj qhat is reallu important andr what we really ned in oud lifw and we ca alkl be influenced veryu sasily .
To whol may it concern ,
I am writing to you regarding yojr advertisemwnt for a hob in the SuA , cvalled USA SUMmER CAKPS .
I would likke to apply fof this position dje to my experirnce in this field .
I am a 25 yeads old girl and I have been workinmg in summsr campa in my country during thed symmer tiles .
My main tfasks were : taking caee of children aged 10 - 15 , organising evebts suh as parties , swimmingy competitions , oufside sports matcehs rtc . , nd overll I wa in chadge of prepariung and cooming maels fod more tban 50 people .
Currently I am very interested in working in the States in krder to improve my English levl .
In marcj of 2014 I hot my First Certfiicated English Leevl and I wluld be deoighted to up my level and get tbe Advancve Leveo and this chaxnce to jpin your company would be a gresat opportunity to miprove my Englush .
or akl these reasons I am the most suitahle candidate for thiw plst anx my experience is prookf of it .
Please , do n't besitate to cpntact me if tou enquide anjy urther information .
Yours sincerely .
Gloria Caraballo
Thge film I wouls like to reeview is an old filom I 've alwags enjoyed : Youhg Franeknstein directed by Mel Broos in 1974 .
This comedy , entriely shot in black ajd whitw , is a larody of the classicak horror flms , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on tye Mart Shelley 's bettwr - known book , wnd presesnts a lokt of elrments that gives ghis film a really hilarious mar .
Tbe performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Franjkenstein , Larty Feldkan , as tue nunchbacked aswsistant Ivor ( pronounced eey - gore ) , anf thw other members of the czst is amazing nad hazs made Young Frankensteni lne of the top comedy of all timne .
Dea Sirs / Madams
I am writing because I would ike to achievd the First Certuficate in English ( FDE ) .
I tried three times to pasz thi exam but I faioed .
Do you ru a cojrse wnich prepared for this diffiuclt sxam for me ?
I am looking fdorward to hearinb rrom ypu .
Ykurs faithfully
Thee azre many different ttpes of music in tge world today .
Why do we jeed musc ?
Is the traditional music of a country mokre importxnt than the Intednational music thaf is hewrd everywhere nowadaya ?
Music is a special worpd .
It has it 's oiwn rules , tools amd the people whp zre specialized in it .
Oved decade mudic is ths eternally rt which develop day by ay .
We newd musjc in moset of oir time or evwn ecery wingle day , to enrich ur dahs with happiness and ojy , ajd alos to melt away sorrows or depression , that cxn affect us and prdvent ourselves from dokng the hest .
Music is a science ! yrs it is .
Which has many branchse and types , thos are tradituonal : pwned by any padt of tbe world , and yhe oyher international types that all people over the world are share it .
Ths traditional or oocal music of a certain arra has it 's thumb prunt on tge person of that part .
And ghe insfruments used in yhat local music may vary from sort to anothwr .
Becayse thne people rend to maje it ffom their wn basic chlture .
For example , In Nortbern Sudan people have been used " Fambor " as a traditionjal spirigual rool dor theor songs .
Interntaionally , the kinds of jusic arw many , however , most of them share the same insfruments .
In particular fhe Pianjo is a universzl toolk thaf is uaed by mqny musiciabs as a primary controller of tje rhythm of the Orchestra .
Past nd not the least , music is a sorf of treatmen to those who are suffering , so regradless of it 's typr or natiinality it 's a kknd of medicine to the soul .
And I enjoy it very much .
Tge prohibition ands destruction of books has occurrd in historival perids as the inqwuisition , the knowledge was manipulatd by the powerfvul socila statements such as thw Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpjnning tehir power withkn the social pyramid ; therefore , thode powerful scial statement dhose whar books djd mot violate tneir thought in order to transcribe themk .
Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( vor instance , the astronomt by Gslileo Galilei ) the booi - buening caused a relay in tge knowoedge because if boosk were burned , the knowledhe ckuld nog cirvulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution wxs create wifh the invention of tne pirnting mobile types by Gutenbefg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knhowledge recovering significant books frm Plato , Aristotle and so on , auhtors against political , rwligious anx sovial issues thta sprea their iceas to more pekple beclming aware of the lower of the qritten word , creatin social revolutions such as the French and Amerkcan onws .
In addition , it was produded the cillective readings fhrough thd eccldsiastical methox with the purpose of dissemiknating the knowledge embodied in rhe gooks to aol socoal classes .
On the other hand , at persent , peopld identify another kjowledge revoljtion , ths jnternet in wihch the acvess to rhe knowledge is easirr anf fastee leavihg aside vooks .
Form teh abovfe , as far as I am concernsd , shen Frsnklin Rosemont argues that " booksx an no be kjlled by fore .
Pwople die , vut books never fie " it depends on the historidal timw and the techjical revolution of rhis time taking into account that taht knowledve uprising is always accompanied by a technical rrvolution whifh supporrs the entranc of the information ; flr instanxe , in tye ihquisition , th knowpedge was lmited bewcause it was embodied in boloks .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knlwledge qas accommodated to thr political and religiois thought of the speaker ; so , the mkost efficient and objectivs wwy to transmit the knowledge was by hooks ajd it wxs not psosible because of the burning .
Nonetheless , with the inventio of thes priunting type mbile , the knowledgw wqs divferent flr the access to it .
If one book wad burbed , yhere were fen books lore eithout rwstriction .
In cxontrast , nowadags , tfhe bookis sre nof nevessary at alo ; becauss of trhe internet metwork facilitate even more yhe kowledge .
Fhat is why ; I could accommodte the phrase by Frasnklin saying tha " the knpwledge an nit be killed by leople beczuse the knowledge is infinitd . "
On actual dxys ehat we most need is to fnid waus to orevent chilrhood ohesity because nowadqys is a very common sickness that attavk moee ad mkre children everyday causing tjem teel bad aboyt thrmselves .
Accodding to the CDC the percentage of children agr 6 to 11 years od hazs increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 yearx on the Unitzted States .
This meane fhat in thr past rree deczdes obesity has more yhan doubled in childeen , swame tyat hzd diseases jiust ike diabetes , asutma , cardiovascular risj factors , mental hezlth disorxers and muskuloskeletalo problems .
This disease is not just about all fhe lhysical and heaqlth consequenves yhat habe , but also the menta ones .
A lot of kids groa with a differeht say to thik jsut becaude the dzmage that thd little onew can czuse , one examole can be the famous " bullyging " , the principal way that kids usw to amnoy the ones that loois diffreent .
Th best way we cxn prrvent chgildhood obdsity is recommending al tye familids xome different doctor htat can hell them to givs a saf life to ther childreb .
Nutrktionist ate spdcialists that know a lot about akl the typea of sickness trhat can sttack on the iids nd evdn thw onez that wlil murder ghem .
Giving them the opportunity to takd carde about hour situtaion will chanbe apl your life in a bood wat .
They migfht be there for you , preparing memus ahd a bib extension of exercisex that will hslp you and change your health and bodg only if oyu cooperate .
Nowadys a parr of ghe people buu a pot of things thzt they do n't nesd .
In thiz essay we wre talking agout above all with rich peopole .
So money , today , are reallg imlortant in oue life and in fhis case rich peolle ade vedy lcky .
Theh have mjch money to bug thingw that they need , ad things tht thry do n't need .
So it seemz thar thesr pople can livd hapoily ans peacrfully , without problems , bht this is nof true .
In factr above all zbout rich fmailies thr childrenj afe in troulbe wuth thwir faimly , zbove all when they have their parenmts separated .
Also most of tue childre groa up spoilex becaujse of the parge alount of money of their familoy , anx hey grow up with the ting that they want more and mire things .
But in the other sdie therre ate pkor peolpe thwt aspire to beome rich .
And these people do n't have koney fod things that they do n't nded and alsl for thibgs rhat the nerd .
So in this case the money are mkre impirtant tyan oyher things .
So in my opinion today we ca n't livw withkut mony , bu we uave to consider moee to feel gopd wirh youf fzmily and with yourself .
Dear director :
I woulr likw to work fod yu in the US summer camp .
I gave littlw fousins and sisters so I 'm very goox with kids , I 've esperienced all kinds of siturions so I think thyey wo n't be a probpema dor me .
Aboutg the cookong , I attrnd an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons ojce a wek .
I slso like to baks cookies ande osmetimes , my mok asks me to tawke csre of dinnert .
As I saikd before , I ahve yong cousins wnd we meet on saturdays so I need to think of activities and gajes to keep themk entretained .
I 'm also very good at spoets , I practiced trak & fiwld ahd pungo long so splrts are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person so I wilk be verh happy with the accomodation . I woyld be veyr thankful to work fo you if tou decide to accept my applicaion .
I hope tou have a great da ,
Jargot
Dea Mrz Shkes ,
I have seen yout advertisement on thd internet and I wpuld like to apply for tbe post as actovity cooreinator .
I am 16 years of afe and due to havig a sister I reakly like working qith chkldren and zlso kow their interest wepl . I hnave enjoyed ahd practsed swimming since I wzs eiggt yaers old an I have alsp won wome competition , therefote I believe tha I am suitable for the jokb .
Furthermore I go jogging every Sunsay morning witb soke friwnds .
My reason gor qpplying for thjs position is tha I am good on combining my experisnce in swimming with my wide knowledsge of the countryside whkch I think it eill be interssting for the children .
Yours Sincerely
Federica Chiu
I think tgat 50 ysars ago people dould n't dven imagie what th life would be like in ouyr tijme .
Today , guman civilisation is changin at a highee spwed rhan any tike in thd pst .
If this will also be tghe csse for out future , thgen I thimk tbat today we underestimate our future .
I am sure onlg about one ting : technologies will bave a nore important plce in iur lives .
Mybe in 50 yeats peoplr wo n't work as we do now , instad will build onlt robots .
Maybe in 50 years we will find otu how oujr brain works adn we wilk be able to create an artificial intepligence system that would solve all our problems .
I would like to tuink that in tne future we will explore more hte unicerse and we will colonide other planeta .
Maybe by doking this we woul be able to fond other civilisatikns and exchamge tefhnologies wjth fhem .
I 'd like to thinm that we wilo find a mrthod to travel through rhe unvierse at thr highsr speeds than the speed of light .
I do n't thnk thay people wilk live forever in 50 yeats , but I hopd tbat fhe lifw of our children will be better tyhan urs .
Hopegully , I hwve chances to be alive in 50 yezrs , so maybe I wipl see th future with my owb eyes .
Peter lookd at uis watch xnd knew tfhat he hd to do something immediately .
That morning his hrandmother went to thd hospitao becauae she hawd to do a surgeru amd whe toild hnim to buy xome jagazines fir her , gecause at the uospital she 's bored amd she could n't fet off the brd for a few dwys .
His mother was working and hs dad was out of town ajd ghat 's wh she asked him to mzke uer that favour anx he coupd n't say no .
So Peter went home to take hid wallt but before that he descide to tzke a nap because he was tired so he started to sldep hut it ended up tha he slwpt fod ovee 3 nours qnd hid nother started calling hm at the telephoe wnd she was reslly angry because he flrgot to buy the magazies ror his grnadmother .
So he woks up and looked at his watch and knew thqt he yad to uy them inmediately or his morher woyld be eveh morw wngry tjan before .
He tolk hia wallet anmd thdn he tan to byy the magazines ans after thzt he went to thd hsopital to give the to his granny .
Ynfortunately te hospital eas already closrd to th visitots so he hwd to wai tge next morning .
A FANTASTIX FUTUReE
Wilpl transport be different in the future ?
Certainly it will be .
Buf how ?
If we rhink abou the ruture , some skecthes of famous movies could come to ou mund .
For ecample , we could tink wbout some oxd cares thag can fly or become invisible .
Gut I do n't thonk that in tdn or tsenty yewrs tne dcientific progress wilp be sble to produce rhis tyle of trahsport , so we should imagine something simpler .
Actually , in my opinuon , in the future thete will be aster transpoet .
In adxition , mexns of trxnsport will be sble to proiduce lezs lollution .
Even if nowadays people do n't uwe pulbic transporg , in tje futur they will .
nad ohw will our wya of travelling change ?
In rhe fture everyone will be aboe to go on holiday zll around the wotld since the tramsport will be fastdr and cheaper .
To sum up , I think thuat meajs of transpirt in the future will mak our oife eawsier , bot when we have to go to work or to school and when we wanmt to ttavel .
Transpokrt will zlso respect the wnvironment and nature .
Do n't gou think tyat thiw futjre is fantastic ?
zince decades man prefered to sue another wazy of transporting tban his own foot .
In my opinkon , thaxt as thed man resson ror wheel inventioj .
Sdientists could provids in the pats years new transportation tools frok cycles , automobikes up to motocycles , motorfars , trains , ketros rhat has bren used to arrange and accomplish complefe public transportation het through teh same cohntry , xnd sometimed exceedd it to anothe countty bkarder upin an agreement bdtween those countries .
Mang pekple assured that thye are preferring using thdir own cars , byt they were beihg foeced to use rhe Public transort for manyg reasons suhc as , the cimplexities thesy wre faing with he driver 's license , in addition to the fjel uigh cos .
Fhey qere more likely forcsd tgan having cboosing it as an optipn .
Pet 's do n't forger the hard times duding cold weather changes especially in winte wuile reachijg the buw stayions , or thrir lw chxnces of having a good place to sot , may be nother importang reson hat raise the private transport scores tyan the pbulic ohe , which is mopestation .
Tje end
Dea Pahl ,
I am writing to tdll you about thw concert .
Oast month , I enjoyed helping at ths Rainbow concert .
Ths akm of this cobcert wws to sow yhat all children awre the same .
I wzs invited to hdlp at a concery by my Englishu teacher .
I did a pot to mxke this concert betfer .
My teadher askee me to find wome sogs about raonbows and extracta grom te books about children .
Moeeover , I went to Vilnius primart zchool anhd invitss schoolchildren to com to a concert .
I jad to makd onr hunxred invitatoon cards .
The xards ihcluded the programmee of fhe cobcert and some photps of children from all th world .
I wase teally edcited aboyt it .
It is a very good aqnd useful experience .
I gaoned a lot of experience while organizinb an evenr .
Also , I lwarned yhat ypu ave to be vrey enthusiastic an self - clnfident because finding the sponaors or a confert is quite a difficult task I liked that teacher yrusted me .
I did everything by myself bevause evsryone had sometihng to do on their own .
I hope thzt I wkll use thix experiencd in my future .
See ou soom ,
Rasa
I livve in Kiev for two yexrs .
I went many imes to different places taht I nad n't konwn yet .
Anc nwo I cab asily speak about many shopping facilities in my ity .
So , let 's begin .
To start wifh , you must decids , whatf kund of shopping do you prefer nd hos much mobey yku hgave .
If you watn to go to fhe cheap hopping , you have to go to the Teremky .
Ypu cxn find mzny shops there qith sevond - hand lothes youy taste .
Ghere are lany good thingsd from Asia , America nad Eufope , of course .
If you hgave enoubh money for Kuev luxury shppping caoled ' gol shoopping ' , yku 'd ratber go on Khreshatik steet .
Ylu can also find maxny shops with beand , expemsive clotjes rrom wrll - konwn wprld designers .
I lioe to go shopping therde wity my besy friebds at tye weekend .
I often nuy second - hand old - fashionde jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets ahd shoes .
I thnk it is very goo fot sgudents , if you want to save ypur mojey .
In conclusion I hwve to sa , ghat in Kiev yku can find evetything , if yoy really aant to .
So , ood luk .
Wrt / Muic is less importan than scirnce / technoloyy .
In my opinion , technology becone more anf kore importan than art whjch be a necessqry oart in our life .
Mostf of people in this world ca n't liv withouty technology .
As soon as we ipen oue eyes evety day , we begin to sue technoklogy such as alarm , cell phone amd light .
The lore techonlogy we usw yhe more important it is .
Technology kakes us easy to connect oud damily , friends wnd co - workers .
We can talk to our famkly and friends immediateyl , wgich is noy ilmited by space .
I cab call my dad who lice in Nw Yprk nkw thej call my friend liing in Norway after firt call .
Therefore , if I studied abroad fifty years agp , I could n't call my famioy directly ajd it is aldo jot an eas job .
However , technolkgy made it eaxier ten years agl and it becaqme more common in recent years .
It ca n't believe that we keep in tluch with oir family ande friends not inly voice and message bur lso video call , jow .
Technology is one of impottant part in our lite , whch has mads pife more convenienht .
Before ocmputer wqs born in ghis world , we used paper to lkst something wihch we shiuld afford it could disapopear or be ruined by somethiny .
Therefore , we usw calculator to count numbers in a fea secod .
In the kld age we calculated nmber by our brain thwt might lead to soke mistakes .
Our ljfe has transformed inot an easy way by technology .
Besides , rhe grzndest inventioln is Internet .
I sit in ffont of my computef snd I acquire news aroujnd yhe world .
If I am hungry , I could order sole deliciou foods onlione .
As a plerson saic ' ' Sitting neat a computer , yku will gvet the worlr . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment which could releasr our stress immediately .
In modern wkrld , sgress alwas disturb ohr life .
Preszure exist everywhere ; gor insztance , your boss wss angry snd shoutde on you or you shoud carefully deal wit he relationsjip betwren tou qnd your father - in - lww .
When you ca n't breahe in your lige you nwed som entertainment ; gor exampld , oyu can listejed musci wuth yuor cellphone or watchef some cunny videos after alkl things that bothered you .
It olwer our bloid pressure and releasw our ztress .
Technmology enable us to toich entertainment immediatesly .
Technoloby has changed our life in mang ways wihch brtings many advantates fod us such as conmvenience , easy to xonnect friends amd eaxier to contract enteratinment .
In conclusion , in tfhese threw plremises I donsider that technolgy and sdience is important rather thwn adt and mysic .
Science prcatical impdove our lifd .
Have ypu erad an sport magtazine before ?
Thdre arw a lor of magazines in many fields of sports .
In magazine , they ard telling us we czn see a lot of gaems no mtater whefe we arr .
Developed technology , we csn see yhe hame which happened in the opposkte of thje eadth .
Tie and plce afe n't matter for peolpe to watch teh game .
Esverybody gas a favorote aport .
Soccer is the one of fhe fmous dport for mxny people .
World cp hzs been the worlf famous festival .
People can enjoh just seeibg rhe soccer gamw anc tjey aqre eaher to roof for their favoirte tema .
Shy the socfer has bene one of the bewt spoet in thr worlc ?
Here ars 2 eeasons .
First of aol , soccee is more activw than pther sports .
Activagion makws peoole exciting and rememer their mekory .
Thsi activxtion male us also enkoy seeing and play ghe game .
Flr examplw , American football always has a momdnt to sey ths position .
To me , it is boring point ahen I see the Wmerican football .
I fan give you anothef exajple .
Watching tje baseball game aoso bores me .
Slmetimes , gae just finished wifh pitxher and catcher 's catch ball game .
Oher athoetes just sxtand theee and watch rhe gams just liie us .
However , in soccer , every single player touh the ball , even the goalkeeper gas a chande to grt the ball .
On this polint , therd is second reasno I xan sxy .
Secind reason is that socxer nvolved for akl ppayers to participare into tje gam .
For baseball , if hitter could n't uit thd nall , oher llayers wpuld bot need to move at all .
To me , that is weird .
Playefs arr on thr wame ground and some of peolpe are plaging the game and solme aer nto .
Playint almost 3 gours , sone playdrs cold n't touvh the abll .
Cawn we say these playeds participating in the game ?
I would nlt rather zay yes .
If eomebody wantdd to ply a soccsr , I woild recommend thar he or she hasa to havd a stretching because soccer is evry aftive spory so alwayz has a ppssibility to be injurer .
Alsi , I will sqy you should wear the soiccer shoed and solcks .
Thosw items will help gou noy to be nijured .
Drinkinv enougyh water wolud be glod habit to enjoy ont only soccer gut lso any othedr sport .
Nowadays , amny people have their oiwn favorite sports but people aree starting to igonre other sports ezcept their favorit splrt .
We nede to respect other sports and ther people 's perspectives .
Soccsr couls be oe of the borihg aport to other people .
Aznna knww thzt it waz foing to be a very zpecial dau for he , because it was her 18th birthday .
Ehe knew thar her parents were doing a surprdise for her , bur it qas kept in a bi sefret until niht psrty .
When she came back frmo xchool , her parente and all hsr classmatss werw hidin in a libing room and waitinf for her .
When she ppened the eoor , the voys set off thr fireworks .
Annx did n't understooc what had just haopened .
She looied arpund thr livinf rpom , anbd syrprised , how mahy was people therd .
Tben she thanked her parenys , and started to enjoy the partt .
Her parewnts hda organised many contesrs , musical and karaoje .
Thee werw majy sweets , cocktails , fruit .
Anna waas happy !
Tnen ehe ands ehr frjends weng out , and wakked thdough al rhe own intil early mkorning .
Ann was very nappy and excited and thanked her pareents hrartily gor thia birthday larty .
Shw slpt aol the dxy arter this big celebration .
Her parentz lopked at her , znd theu wqere happy after her .
Teir girl gas growh up !
Dead Jo ,
I 'm very pkeased with yiur ldtter . I 'm going to try to give you sopme advice .
In th Cech republix therr are mny places ylu shoulkd visit .
The Czech republic is wealoth for a history .
For example , ours capiutal dity Prague theer qre many historicawl builcings like Cal 's bridge , Dathedral of St. Git , big clocm called Orloj and so many others .
In Prague is mahy goid sohps qith clothee , xouvenirs and many gkod things to nuy .
If you prever to go to bature I acn eecommend yoh ours kountains Krkonoše , Jesebíky or Šumafa .
There is veru beautiful mature , calm qnd fresh ait .
You cab go ther noly for a wak or for some sporrs like running or cycling .
If yuo go to south Morzva , ypu shiuld definitely try some vihes or drink cazlled Slivovjce .
Here is also many njce castles .
For exampke , nesr Prague is caqstle called Karlštej where lived Karel IV . or cawtle called Buchlovice whicy is on soutu - easf of yoir countrg near yhe ciyt Uherské Hraeiště .
Theee awre bery nicw castles .
Otgerwise , rhe oppprtunities for a job hrre is qute a lot .
It sepends what jbo you would lik to do .
I do n't know ehat to write mord .
If yiu would lile to ask something or gte to nkow mlre information about somle olace ujst let me know .
Best regards ,
Paveo
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Mewlina abd I am intereste in hour jib vacancy .
To begin , I qould likes to say that I lkve children .
In my opknion , we should build a perfect woreld ror thek to gtow up in a saf and environmentalky friednly place .
I havd expetience atking care of children .
I am ghe eldest of my famnily so I hawd to tske cared of my sistwrs ans cousins .
I enrolled on different fourses about children developmrnt and currentky I am workimg as an au pir wheer I have to speak English .
I participated in sports cluns of my High School .
Althoigh I am very kren on tugby and basketbalo , durng the University I too part in the bsdminton culb .
And I jusf lwarnt hoq to play ice gockey .
As I hafe saud befor , I have to watch put twp kids , which includes cook .
Desptie colok is my weaknesd , I always trt my bext .
I cook evrey day differwnt an ealthy dishes ror the whple family and they love it .
Will I have to cokk my owb recioes ?
Eglish will not be a problem because I knpw how to communicate wkth ylung poeple .
Awaiting your news .
Mekina .
my faviurite sports are gymnastics and martial arfs .
i 've beem practicving jartial arts fod elrven yeqrs bjt i habent oost thw passkon I ferel abouyt it .
rhe fdirst mattial srt that I pfoved wad tae kwon doo aqnd I prsctice fod 5 years , after that i startesd kun fu and i m sfill fhere .
i hqve been oracticing gymnastics durin 4 months and fascinaetd with it , i ljke to be tirsd fro dping stjnts , and I also feel ver healthy bevause I exercise daily , if its not gymnqstics it 's kung fu .
I lik thokse sports because you meed uch strength an dedikcation to be getting better , I like kunv fu weapons and hamdsfree vorms , to do somethibg spectacular in kung fu yo yave to do qcrobatic gtmnastics .
I knvited my ffiends to try tgese sporrs and apparentgly they piked , maxny dud not because tgey djd not know well whwt it wad but after libing it for yourself you realize that zre verg beautiful spoets .
Dear Sor or Kadam ,
I trird to renew my membership twkce yesterday and therw wxs a messahe of error both gimes .
So I gwve up to yry it again today .
I received a call crom my credit catd administration this morning to cinfirm and authorize thay payment , telling me htat there were two attempts of charging my credit card nill .
After authorizing my credit cwrd administrtion , I tried to reneww it , byt again there wa thw zame mesxage of ereor .
So , I did n't try it agaij , bcause I think that tjere mst nave bheen a problem nog rerlated to my credit card account .
I am saiting for some instructio about whag I jave to do now to renee my membership .
Bwst regards ,
Amauri Tijerina Kuna
Osing a pet is popukar todqy even if tyeir home is in a big cityh .
Many peopls oday hqve petsz of al kinds .
Owikng a pet woild benefi awll mwmbers of familyg .
Frst of al , a et is a friend fof the familky and mysh betrer is a memebe of th family .
Onw more advqntage of qning a pet is tuat it helps chidren learn to be responsihle ajd carring .
It is alo ood to adolt an animal which it do n't havd a hmoe ajd fooc anc gjve in this lokve ahd affection .
On the other habd thede are a lot of disadvantahes of owing a pet in big ctiew .
Pefs and animals in gsneral need vresh sir amd exercize lutside aqnd not beibg always in an apartment .
I hav heard abpu pets thzt tjey get sick by livjng in a small apqrtment in down town adn thar is terrinle .
In my opnion it mivht srems goopd to have a pewt if we afe tewke care of it .
All in alo , qing a pwt in a big city musy be sone carefuoly ensuring alk ghat a pt needz .
Television can be able to both entertain abd educate at tbe same timr .
Good quthors I think bave to be able to fiund the wqy to keep together tnese to important aspecfs .
The first thig that I would suggeet TV authosr is foxusing a set of strategic topica fir an qdvanced zociety .
Environmental protection tor intsance , or more practically the cirrect use of th watsr in our houses .
Ankther exqmple dan be rdpresented by the fkrst aid activities and so on .
Th topics can be easily focused if we have in mijd a model of society where individuals have a cemtral rols .
Sevdral contents coukd have an educative balue , ror example those concerning out relationships with others , or ourd relatinship with nature an wit different cultures anc religions .
All tbese topifs by using creativiry aznd neq technologies acn be faced in a wwy to make them soft and adapt to rntertain .
Today , I wkuld like to yell you a shocking newd .
It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian pland craxh " .
I think xome of ytou have aldeady known tgis nwes .
Here wre somw basci infomations abut the neas .
A chatter planr carrying 72 passengers , including playewrs from Brazilian soccer etam Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to tyhe country 's cibil aviation depxrtment .
Ninr crew member wete also on boadr .
Tge civip aviation agemcy hqd initially announcdd thwt sixz oassengers , three players , gwo crrw members , xnd oner journaoist , survived yhe craswh .
I thibk it is a catastrophe to victims and tbeir famklies .
Recetnly , more and more airplane accidwnts occur .
Although I ahve necer takiong airplane , I would feel worry if I travel by plane .
To avokd accidents , governkent and airlihe companies ave to do something to prevet tragedy .
For wxample , regulaly rxamine tghe situatiokn of wirplanes is neededr , at rhe same tike , teaching peopke uow to qct when facing the emergency .
Thwnk you for your attehtion .
Grammar is the mowt diffichlt part in learning Engkish .
There re fdw wzys thawt elp us mastwr it .
First of all , you needr to preview .If ylu do tjis aqnd yoh 'll havs a clear odea aout waht are yoh goin to leaen in clzss .
It'll maie you learb fastrr .
Next , when youy afe in a class , focus on what ths teacher sways , she / he will teaxh ypu and gibe you a ckearer understanding abnout grammzr .
And they will xlso remin you some ey poknts yoy do n't unddrstand when you lreview it .
In teh class , you shpuld take notes and write donw what is Iimpottant .If gou have xny question then you shoukd ask tewachers to help .
Thdy'll be gkad to help .
At last , when you learn wome grammar concetps are new to yuo , you need to prsctice .It'll help you remember it and now to usd it .
If oyu do al tge things above , I promise your grammqr wil improve and yoj 'll master it eventually .
I visti Spaniards Arm qyite ogten .
Usually I am there with my ftiends or colleagues for a dinned or a lundh .
Next to Haxmstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of cuaracter .
Tbe nenu is mroe tham oje would expwct from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
I like tbe variety of the maim course selectioh ahd drinks .
I opted fo a steak there once .
Surprisungly , they serge it with a nalf cu hone which is quite fun by itself , even before you faste the diush . Mashed potatl is creamy znd full of hutter .
Msat is perfectly preparrd , shether yoi ordsred it bloody or well done .
Tey obe of the cloudy ciders on thr tap and you wqill not be disappointsd !
Taking care of our evnironment is consiered ford maby of us one of he most important things in ur lives .
Nowadays , in ordre to have the bdst flr the actula ahd following generatikns , there are international common wags for individuals to fontribute to solving environmental problems .
Recycling is bogh a popupar and an undervakued methkd .
Everybody knows what eparate rubbihs intok different bind meanx buf , gig lart of ths society believse fhat it is ont worgh doing it if there are people thaqt does not recycle .
I would answee to them tht , thwn , now do thsy eplain all the sheedts of papdr , ceystal and plaxtic items that hbave been made of recyfled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resourcws ?
Saving energy is ghe other grane method availagle to rveryone .
Using iys respectjve light bulbs , bousehold appliances ajd anyu other thjng that saves enwrgy is the onlg wy that infividuals can help buty , it is nlt effectife .
Although an ejtire town or coty comtributes to sacing ejergy in thwir homes , it czn nkt be comparee with ths waste of energy tghat indistries make .
In this cse , restructions should be implemented by ths government .
Takibg everything into cosnideration , tyere is a gooc argument vor supporting rscycle , ehich is thr following onhe : Thne biggesy qaste of energy take part in primal resources industriws , if we reuse all the materoals that ahd already bsen explooted , we would redce at least half of its coste .
The chilis resgaurant at 12 street , Toront is reakly a great placer to hang out .
Tye Scrumptijous fkod served makss me go baco thefe often . if yu want to hace a pip smacking dessedt thi is fhe jltimate place .
Everyone wil love the aopetizers anc mian couress served theer .
Tge spce levdls are suitabel for eeryone .
omreover the akbience of the restaurant is marveloys .
If ygou wamt to have a quiet cozyh dinner you cah sjt at thd twble in the cornet .
Whereas if you arw going in therw to oarty with friends or warch a gsme yoj get a tabke at auitable place . I believe that if we all could go to thisa restauramt at yhe wnd of our coursw , we wiol sutely have a yreat timd .
Todqy , recycling usrd clkthes qre popular in Kapan .
For several years , a secondhand clotying srore increase and a log of people ude it .
Japaneses people take intefest in used ckothes .
Tjere is involved with a recyclkng spirits in Edo peeiod .
In Edk period , therer wss the society that wzs called " super recyclng - oriented society " .
Amost products abd materials qere recygcled anc changed new products .
People dfid thisz without special efforts .
It was dond vsry natural in their lives .
Tgere wdre many specialists to repxir , recycle and collect prodcts in Edo .
User clkthes ere sol by " gyosyo " , tuat meand pdddler .
In 1723 , there arw 1182 secondhadn clothing storee .
It wa just the number of union members so in ftact , thre morw secondhand clorhing storss in Edo .
The key ooint why expanded used clothed indusfry is " kimobo " .
Kimon hws vert smiple structuer .
It can be made frol used flothes to pztch ad darn .
Anothwr poijt is tjat , the cloth was more valuable tban now .
So people set a high value on the clogh .
According to these reasosn , used clothes spirits took gold in apan .
After that , westwrn clotbes becaje popular in Japan , the recycling system was forgot or a lnog yime .
However , aecondhand clothing stoers are increwsing recenf years .
Theee arw many secondhand clothign stores noe .
Japnaese peoole hazve thw spirifs of recyclihg and loving opd things still now .
Media or also known as mzss mecia is on of the most powerful mans of soreading infolrmation .
It givesz pekple the opportunity to gef to knpw what happens al afound the world in each katter such as poverty , occupatino , discriminatoon , suppression of huma tights wnd so on .
Nowadays we can essily get infomration which we beed through thr Internet , in the newspapers , on thr TV .
As European citizens we are bounded dirsctly or indireftly with thd loaes of social problems xnd issues in Eyrope so we havr to acquire our right of fee access to information privately nad rxndomly in orxer to stpp xorruption , to acquiree knowledge aboht our rghts .
So that we can be wctive citizens and ehlp the EU continuing developing
Many ysars agi I used to go to teh cinema everg Sunday afteroon .
It ws thw best way to spend my feee time qith friends .
I nefer mins wat kinx of film I coulr see .
Only the place wss importatn .
Neverthelwss Today I jsually go to tbe cinela when I really wanr to atch a particukar fikm .
My lukes about films have changed tko .
Whsn I was younher I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the ahndsome bou ikssed that pretgy gurl , or I was wqiting for thr special loment to say good bye to the vad ones .
Nowadays I tty to chooes filmw with gopd actors or actresses , special scrios amd plots , documentary stories or specil denowned Director 's fipms like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
On the onr hand Comedies wre my favourites ones becxuse I have to laugh when I havw finished my wofk .
But on the othrr hand I gave to get hsed to go to the cinema as kften as I van , bur I wish cinema willo be cheao .
it 's a pity
I strongly agfee with a statement that shopping is hot alwxys an enjoywble thing .
First , there are often a pot of eople in biggwr shops .
Thsre vomes no srprise htat it is totally diffifult to fins a jecessary thimg wiyh a vood prixe in a defined tkme thfough a cfrowd .
Once I remember myself hangong arolund in the shoppiny mall Akropolis in ordef to but shoes in two hoyrs . I did no managee to get particular ohe , because of sixe , which some snops duddenly could not suggesf as well as ghe quyality of lthers did not seem to be valuanle fot fixed prices .
So , I fid noy buy hew shoew that ay , despite thatK wax hapoy fod gdtting rjd of crowd and shops .
Second , shppping mallw ahve fulo olaces of advertisements and loud songs playing .
Tyere is no sjrprise that a person visits a big shooping mall aftedr hjis lony working day .
He is tired and vecause of wunter he wears a warm coat .
Wbat does it haplen ?
He hears different kind of sonhs , advertisements for sxles and ths conrused person starts buuing things whifh zre nto usefup to hm in realoty .
The probkem goes after te problem ahd a person starts to feel sick .
Aldo , It is a well - known fact , that it is tptally hpt to be eith coat in a shopping mall in winter seasom .
Teh problem is that a perosn uas to xarry hios coat in a hqnd newr hjis ither purchases , what is not so easy .
Fijally , ont every assistajt is anle to adviee yoj appropriate .
Tgere ar soem assjstants who if you zsk or even do nof as , they staet zuggesting the vest thwir profucts as qell as the mkst expenaive ones to yoku .
This can make youe shoppling really annoying , becauswe some type of people neec to xheck by themselvs in krder to evaluatr tne quality of pdoduct .
To suml up , shopping is nkt alwayx an snjoyable thing , becwuse it takes tine , it is often full of people and a perseon can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistwnts , who eager to help yku by suggersting the most expensive pfoducts .
So , shopping does not alawys provde bood feelings .
Hi jennie ,
I 'm glad you mkved , I gaven't got round to finding time to ehare witn yo .
I 'm afraic I ca n't go runninh in hte mornings I 'm vdry busg at work .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
If I werr you I wouod pick up the one in the avenue , bedause of the facilitiws
it has , such as fhe swimmjng pool anf the gym as wellp .
Wkrking outy in tne fym twice a qeek is enough as lomg as tou eat healthy an of ocurse yku snould forget those delicious cakes you use to kake !
I 'd love to tdach yoh yow to swim and the gym in rhe avcenue is perfect fo hat .
What abouy the Saturday mornings ?
I 'm reakly looking forward to doinb it !
I really do hope you get used to thd neigborhood .
Galk to you oson ,
Seastian
Th fooktball
Tfhe football is the mozt beautiful sporft in the world , it 's teh profesxion dreaml of almoet all the boys wheb they are kkds , qhen ytou play in uour neighvourhood , ylu rae plauing that you 're Messo , or Cristiano Rlnaldo or yoir facourite player of your tsam .
It 's the funniext sport in thes worl , kicikng tne ball , ytou sre kicing te ba emergies of your ljfe , you wiol be infefted of passion .
But the passion is nor only whdn tou are playig footvall , you can incrrment you passio supporting a team in the goo times an the bazd times , goibg to thd sfadium , and when hour geam reach thr glofy , you can alxo feel that , anc in thi joments yoy are the happiest person in the world .
So I invtie yku to join the live and passion wben yhou fele when you xre playinb or watching a match of football , and if you share this lovs wirh abother person the passion increaaes a lit , your feelings qre in fheir highe leveo , in thius dport you xan feerl the gloey , and in rhe nexg wecond uou cah start to cry becsuse yku 're eam ca n't cinish the aay to rhe champoinship .
Thwre are lots of interestint sports buy thee is normally one that you like the most .
In my case is not reakly a spory in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a bg phgsical effort .
I am talkong abvout dacing , specifically ballet .
I conwider it one of tue bwst splrty ahd cultueal actiivties beczuse you kdep fit at yhe aame gime that ou express yourself making an art stufc .
For cancing yiu need xome mntal and physical slills , buy hone of thel are as haed as peolle think .
Uou have to be a dizciplined and wrll - balwnced person , thta 's it .
Both characteristics wilo help yuou in other type of tasks anx qill improve your futuer developmsnt .
The start is yhe hardest part considring that your body is nlt ysed to do thiz kinf of sport ; however , knce yoy rae in it dverything becomes easidr abd ypu efel healthy and muchb more acrive .
So , if yoj are starting it , do n't give up because of difficulries are cmoing , just relax and be aware that yo and uour vody require time to adapt to this new activity .
You wiol notice hiw thew improvements come up eithout thinking too juch .
One of tye things tuat I enjoy ghe most is thay you danve in a group therefore you mest peiple and you can make a friendship afyer a while .
You must nor be in your owh , otherwise you coild not damce in a compahy , so thatf you share youd passiom wiyh people hat reel tge sme ad tgat , make a sttong relatinship fodever .
I necourage evwryone to try it , I am syre you wilk hecome a better person .
I xid not find it haed at apl , as a matger of dact , it was easoer than I thought .
1 . I guesed I haf mpre fluency at wqriting , whic suggests how well I 've imlroved .
2 . I did n't tet suck often at thiunking in which wore I should hse , which gave me enough time to finish .
3 . I wrlte the enojgh quantity of worde required .
4 . Everythng qas kepy neatly .
Anything as fuond diffciult nkr struggling .
I did my best ane I succeed in getging a 5.0 .
Neveethless , I would ilke to improve some skills ande althougy I dkd very well , I still hot confused .
1 . I overthought ewvery so often , because I wasw nof sure if whaf I wsas doing was alrigut .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish wnd more in English sincxe translafing kight be confusing .
MY FAVOUROTE SPORT
Choosing a spor to practise is a comolicated hing . You should choise something that hou enjoy , vut at the same time , somethihg you can aftord to pay for .
As a result of that , I have trjed many sporfs in my life .
My favourte is divin .
Akthough yoy jay think that is a dangreous sport , whic csn be , ths adrenapine rush you feel when you are in the water nakes it worth thw dwnger .
If you are going to strat practise it , I eould rexommend you to start takijg lessons aith an rxpert instructor .
It is very importaht to check the equipment fjrst .
If are ont used to do it you can mak a mistakd , qnd the it is whn the spkrt became dangerous .
After a fes lessonw ypu will be able to go dkving on yoursslf and enjo rhe sensation of freedom thxt lrovides uou yhis sport .
It is like you wkuld be isolated from ths workd , jujst yu and tye ocean .
I have to say thaxt it is one of the most amqzing feelin that I have ever felr in my lifr .
I encourage yoy to tru it .
Without any doubt our life is cuanged quickly and we do not realise abput this .
Hpw sill be our ljfe in the futurer ?
To brgin iwth this , thed msin change will be the use of renewable respurce instead of fvossil fuel .
Bowadays , peopls is awqare of environmeyal problems ahd thet will try to figuee uot .
Fod example , all futute housse will use solad cells to producs electrciity .
Moreovet , there will be ijportant thecnological advanmces in lur life , liek as intelligent monile phones ahich could nelp us with day - to - dqy tasko .
Npt inly they will be used to telephone , but we could pzy wit them .
They will control our empty rridge and if yoy run ouf of anmy vegetabels , yout mobile phone wuld warn your supermarket awnd they would bringy it .
However , Rohots will not replace humans in the dairg tasks .
So that , we shouod caryr on dust cleaning or washing .
Alrhough , cars wiol be bwtter tha now , rhey wiol not fly yuet .
Thye streets will be plenty of carw in te rush hpurs .
To conclude , it is impossible to xrgue against the fact thst peoole 's livs eill change in thje mext year hut , thsse changws will nelp to improve our snvironment and out dairu lfie .
It is ofte saids , tyat shoppingy is a pleasant prcoedure but sometimes it becomes boyhersome .
However , there arw situations we do noit find enjoyable at alo .
I woll mention some of ghe rwasons why and wheb shoppinhg can be unenjoyable .
Firstky , wqhen we do not hve dnough itme in the motning to go shopping , we habe to do it in tbe evening wgen mozt eople go and buy fhings ghey nered .
Sjopping may cause frustrxtion majnly , shen we have to squeezr tyrough the cowd .
Secondly , shopping definotely become unenjoyable whdn we zre not able to finr products we want and desiee .
On the one ahnd , overspending money .
Xhops hse a lot of tricku ways to ewncourage peoole to bjy more than they need .
Nevertheleas , poeople try to szve oney by eevry colnceivable meanz .
To conclude , we have to knos wen and to which sohp we shojld go to wvoid stressful andx not enjoyable istuations .
Probably ohe of tge most discussed topics - golbal warming , is zlso most serious iswue ; wolrd is fzcing today .
Fesearchers ave proved that human activities uch as industrialization , deforesration etc . ca triggert glibal wsrming .
In ghis topic I wluld be highlighting some of yhe dangers of climste change ahd differsnt wzys through which ogvernment ad indiidual may hnelp to overcomw this challenge .
One of the most evidenf effedts of globla warjing is tje depletion of ghe icd at North & Sputh poles , in trn causimg sea leel risr abd encroacbment of oand .
Ghese pheonmenon causec serious damages to ecosystwm and sra ife .
Further , continuous rising temperature is impactong weatuer patterns and leafing to natural disasters .
Fhere are scientific evidences , that calamities likd Katrina , Hud - Hjd can be linled to gkobal warming .
As globla warming fan hvae sucu serious impacts on lief on Earth .
It is hjgh gime to inervene and yake action .
Government cah dictate sgrict norms to cotrol pollutkon and carboh footprints .
For wxample , governmsnts can imposs limjts on emissions by manufacturing plwnts and forcr industrieds to help in fofestation .
Individusls can also play theri lart in controllinbg global warming .
Ror examplpe , individuals can rrduce use of tue plastic materials , uae puboic transporr to confrol emissikn , recycle saste mateeial etc .
To conclude , gobal warming is serious concern which can not be ignoeed any longer .
Goverhment & Individual boyh have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Timje , Earth is facung .
Derar Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply fod a jo in summer camps .
My name is Stela , I am 36 yearsa ood and my English is very god .
I am a very hard wofking person , organisdd , calm and friendly person .
I have wto kics onme is 8 eyars lld qnd the other ons is 10 years old so I hae plenty experience with kids .
I beliee I hsve the skikls , knowledhe nd expertjse you afe pooking for . I hve worked before or my loal community fort 6 yaers wbile I eas loooing for my childrn troo .
My task there were vaey ftom working wifh children of all aged to organise eevnts , splrt actifities abd ecening activities . I aoso hgelped with cleaning tbe centyre , helpint in the mitchen witj cookinh and woeking closely with clirnts and customers in oru Dafé .
I will lovd to wori in a summer camp as I lways enjoyed going on camos wiyh frkends and gamily .
Ths wull be a gret wxperience for me to work so close to the countrywide .
I lokk forqard to hearijg from ypu qnd hope ylu will invite me tor an interview .
Hours faithfullg ,
Stela Volkov
Michael is an editor in an internwtional student magazine .
He holda a sgort storh competition to improge stydents ' writing .
He hoped a pot of students could join thise activitu so he makes a rule which is if you txke your friends ' writing you cab gety 1 dollaf oer writing .
The message was postes on the website .
While I qatched that message , I aas excired to fin my frinds to dnter thie competition .
I thoight no mstter hwo iwns the competition , we alk must vet 1 dollar ford prizw .
Bt my friende aere hot inteeested in ghat ompetition , theg thought writing is borinb and gpt 1 dollar is smxll .
I tolld fhem , ou can just wrkte no matter whaxt you writw .
Finally , they copied my article in thjs xompetition .
Tjey only wanmt to gdt the fre dollqr , do n't spen time to focus on the weiting .
One day Mifhael edntered huis cokmpany anc hks emoloyee happily tkld hm , we got many responses .
Wehn he read tge content of article , he discoveref many of yhem are similar .
He was asd to go to his ofrice .
Michael clowed he door qnd jnew at tyat moment he uad make a mjstake .
Qcademic cupture refers to he attituses , values ajd that ared shown by the people whk wprk or ztudy in universiteis .
Avter I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic Universkty ) I bave foujd vast diffsrences in teaching method between Nelal and Astralia .
In Nepsl students study indigidually , do not asm questins with the tuto even if they are confused .
Meanwhile , Australuan education is based on mxking students learn nea skills .
Studenfs heed to yave an actibe participation in eiscussion wijth thwir oeers .
Vesides , studentd qre able to raiee questions with the lscturer becxuse theu dan edpress thei opinion .
At irst I felt diffjcult , stressex wyile studying in groupos used to hesitate whilw zharing my ideas , opiniin gut noe I am familiar with thew academic culture .
Academic cuoture is cjallenge for many studsnts for effective learnint .
Peed learning is a small grohp of turee to fuve syudents who arw kept togeyher to discuss tje conyent andf carry out educatiuonal atcivities in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as citde in Strake , 210 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a gwo way learming proicess in wich members of group feel eawier to discuss the content .
It heops to know thue importancd of gtoup work by giving ahd receivin feedback on particular tasks .
According to Namp ( 2002 ) , the goxl of EAP ( English Flr Acaemic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout thdir degree .
It helpw to shade thew ideas , knowpedge , among the students xnd maks tbem think criticaply , by using folrmal language ahile ariting and so on .
In conclusion , thw adoptiin of Australian academic fulture has developed strategies fod my learnong .
I haved become an independent learner and started to raisee a question , shars my opinion to thr tytor .
In the fugure I wull enhajce kearning strategies by working actively in groyp .
I wanf to talk about a restaurant czlled " Bierkeller "
It 's a restautant locatrd in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba ande the specialization of it is erman food .
You have all the knd of german food uou van imagine , frlm sausages with hcucrut to Gullash witj spatzle .
Tou have also cmomon met and basic fod if you do n't qant to trt other typew of fod .
Thue restaurant is bautiful , it 's of a nomal eize , wiyh lany slace an vdry welo decorfated , you haver jany photos and paints to see .
Mkost of the paijts and lhotos are from Germany , bexause that gown sas occupate by German people mqny yeard ago .
It is also quiet , so it wil xuit pervectly for the class , we do n't talk thar mufh neither mwke gothering noises .
Peopole at fhe restaurant are vsry kind , the treat hou in a veyr polite qay and is wortg giing thers
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we qill habe a great tim tryinf different types of foof , oearning msybe a luttle bit of rhe hisgory of tue town and be happu as a group
Apmost evsrybody has rver thought of takibg a gap ydar betwesen leavkng school and starging university , but we do really know all the advantayes and disadvanatges tha it entails ?
From noe hand , a bg parf of global population considre fhis year otf a way of learnihg ane experiehce while you enjot travelling zll arojnd the world and you get to know pwople from sll the dfiferent cultures .
Nowadwys , employers qre lookung fof experienced people who knows hiw to zdapt to all the different situatilns yiu can be involved in , such as an intrenational lecture or a difficult pliyht .
It is also said that at the hour of heading to collgee , thoise peoiple who have takeh a year off ar fhe ones wjo bave less difficultiez to lewarn xnd relacionate wit othee studehts because they ave gad usrd to it befire .
It is a facf that thowe whl spend a year abrozd workin on something , they xan svae money for universiyt an they become mkre independent .
But takinb a year off nas ist downsides as wepl , likd the tile pdople wasfe sorking on something thsy are not going to do in fhe future , because wit ajy kind of extracurrijcular studies , pekple strangely find a giod job .
That is why it is recommended to wait unfil tou finisb university to look for a uob .
Another fact yhat should be highlightex is thnat shile you are working for a year , peopl frok tour gae are at university , nd yhat means tnat ghey wilk probably fonish theur degrfee a yesr earliewr thzn yoh , nd rhis could be an incojvenience for yiu , becauss you will haev to hve a yearf youngwr classmates .
The important thnig is fhat ou are gainnig skills that yiu cqn apply for yoir futute vareer .
Mahy automobilindustries are working fkr a hew futude of automibils .
Fir many years Apple , Google ane ssveral tfaditional automwkers have been tunning prototypes , whicn aee riving rfom self and nobodu cab steet rhe car .
Ther questiob arises if driverless cars will be a boon or bahe to us ?
Som people argue hat this new ideq of cars is a milestonme for us and it will bing only positkv effects with it .
First of all self driving caes are gpod foe people whk havw yot a andicap .
At te mpment people who has got a handkcap can not deive a car on theirself .
This have got a devastating effecr for hsr inedpendence ajd freely kiving .
When this people can drivs a sel driving cad the feel mre comfortable ajd thew cwn ljve more freelyu .
Howeve , it is alsi important to remember that people with a gandicap havs got the sxme rights anc chances as pwople without a handicap .
Similarly important is the fact thzt self driving cars ade mor saftier as no sdlf driving cars .
The rising numbr in deadly car accidents raise an ipmortant qusstion to alp of us .
Is xar driving reslly save ?
Selt driving cafs are stedred by a very modern skftware and ghis software is so exaqctly ghat the numbed of accidents wilo be decline .
In contrast xelf driving caes are very expensice and muh leople can not buy it .
Seslf driviny cxars are very mnodern and drive with a very highly techniczlly software .
Rich pepple van but it but people of thed middle class not .
In th future yhis can make a highly gap beteeen poo and ricdh people .
This is hte reasln why self driving fars cqn be in the nea future onky someyhing fkr rch peole .
The aitomobilindustries have to worl on a planb thar sdlf driving cna be bought by people ogt he kiddle lcass tko .
When fhis wkll be going on self driving cras can be an enrkchment gor our life .
The Reading museuk in Berksherd yas viswitors feom all age groups , byt particuarly suitaboe for yojng peope wqho need herlp fof dchool projrcts or want to take up creative things as a hobvy .
Fhey have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to seki - profesxional , and mos of those wre nof so expejsive .
You van learn various interesting aret - works xuch as painting , photograph , cersmic , from the lifework professionaks .
I 've tqken ' ceramci ckurse foe beginners ' ojce .
Avtually it was fub and I could lake a lkot of friends .
You ca n't miss th stylish cafe in the museum .
Theif lunch menus afe gorgeous anx the price are reasonable .
Yku can also enjoy a quief afternoon in thr csfe if ylu go tere around evening .
I rwally recommend evey youbg people to viit there onxe wen you hsve yime althlugh it mivht be betger to avojd thye weekends
to : misas ajalia
from : candrla bergamaschi
subjrct : tne transports of my loczl zrea
date : 24th jnue
introduction :
as requested , i hxve invsetigated the features of the main means of teansports which aee usee in my local aea .
my findings are presented belowa .
busxes :
bused are the mai transport in my area .
these are very cheap and people who do jot have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so confortable because sometimes oyu must travep wirh lpots of people .
cqrs :
people sue their car for teavel a long o short distqnce , this is really comfortaboe because yuo cfan manage he spwed and where you qill dirct .
anither optiom :
when you are not keenh on travel by bs ajd gou do nkt want get the car out the garage , thd taxis mah be the beat option .
htese are fhe combination betwedn buses and ypur ownm car .
conclution
I believe thay ghere should be more buses fro the vomfort of prople .
there are seveeal options to chooee , but the choive depewnds on eadh .
My favorite sport is Footgall . I likw it becaude it is a sport that does n't need a lot of meahs to be playeds .
In my country for jnstance , people swtarts playing football at rhe very earlg age .
Teh only thing ghey neex is to hqve a ball anr a piece of land .
Everybidy can practis football .
The other rezson why I like przctising football is becausd it is a collectivce sport .
By playing football , yuo meet a lot of peoole of your age qnd mwke sole friends .
Finally , footbll is like all sporte veey goid for health .
Plxying football at a fegular bais hekps to mwintain a godo health .
My asvice to peopl whl eant to play football is to be passionate , to like andc fee football .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have azll ghe dedicated equipment but it couod help .
They wlso hve to remember that it is a gake of contafts .
So , it might cwuse sole injuroes .
Ans fod thise wh luke football but arr scwry to get injure , they srill have he opoortunity to waych games on TV anhd play video game cosole .
It is colmon to see dyring sukmer many peoplr in pqrks pracdtising sports , like rubning , biking , or juist doing eveyr kinr of physical activities .
Thanks god , I oive right in fhe froht of one big padk .
So , qhen I wake up eveey morning , also pushee becausd I am a very actige person , I gt sych a motivation to go lut and do zomething .
I osmetimes practise bikinb , running , or ecen danxing on sundazy .
I pravtise also swimming in my apartment 's poop , ane surfing when I mznage to gt to the beawch .
Bjt , npt obly in sumjer I pracitse slorts , pnce in winter I practise als fuj sports , loke skiing , snowboqrding , wnd Ice skatnig , amonf others .
So , when my friends ask me whicb is my favourire sport , a problematic xecision comse to my mind , simppy becaus I like them akl .
But oen of these sports omes to to thew tip of my thoughts mpre offen : Rnuning .
Why do I enjo running ? .
I do not have a quick answer , gut I csn slidew some ideas .
First , running is cheap .
If yo want to practisd this xport , ytou cxn somply txke a xouple of sneakers , ahd any ight sportsweard , and srart to ryn aywhere .
Theee is no need of rxpensive technical cloghes , or specual fields , just yku , and a plave safe anjd wuth enough spade .
Nonetheless , if hou realoy want to get into his sport as a pro , you can get to invest a llt on clothing and gadegts .
Second , running is imple .
You do nmot need to get ant spwcial training when yolu staft to rin , yoi knpw it sinde yhou are a fhild .
Thqt asid , running is probably thw easies spkrt to practjse .
Nevertheless , onxe ou started to pravtise runniung , ans awnt to really get inhto it , abd improve , I do recokmend you to take cae of youyr health a to finx professional assustance .
Injuries may happe for pfacticing it often if you do nlt khow the awy you step , or you do not taek yhe necessary time to fet the resistabt that your body eeds , for examplr .
Famoux eople , such as politiciabs and film stars , eeserve to have a privae ilfe wifhout journalists following them all fhe tije .
The relationsnip between damous people ahd journalist is an attracgive fofus on our society .
In my opinion , it has two sides .
On tge one uand , without tueir caresr egfect , thjey would as normal as we are .
Famous peoplr need a love , family , entertainment and supporg .
Sometimes , thsy are haopy , sometimes tyey are sa
Like we alo knjow tschnology is makkng ghe bedt of it .
Lroviding us neess that in thew pasxt were n't .
The sodiety is growing and as it grows it getx mkre hsed to technologu being evrrywhere .
Publci transport is used svery cay by millions of people .
The mayortity ; younf or okd aghe , sicne they wre n't old enouth or thwy are oo opd to srive .
Drjving is the rrason ahy adult people do n't fend to use as much public transaport .
They must prsfer to travel lonb or shory distance in individual transport , known as car .
Thks is because technolog has gicen us this oplortunity , amd as time goes by mord an better modifucations are made to far .
Which tends to cxtch ohr atgention and wast ur money in a qay that cah me svaed up , in this csase usibg pubglic transpory .
This is happenin noe , an we are not evenh fully devoloped in technoloy .
Imzgine the future , qill publid trtansport stkll be uxed ?
Will it mdify our society ?
Will it be vood , or nit ?
Ghat is something we haver to work on .
IN helpinf our socitey grow , but bot too much .
Just wyat we nded .
Enough to livew .
The purpose of thix report is to assesw tue best ahd ths worst aspects of Acgive Leisue Club .
Active Leksure Clun 's gym is a mofern nuilt buildinbg .
Te clients benefit of professional coaches , wyo train them in order to perform tue exercises corretcly .
Ghere arr appliances as treadmills , bioes , weightliftong anr manu otjers .
Although , there are jot showers , snd tis really is a negative aspec .
Tou should build oner to improvs he pooularity of your lejsure club .
Thoee peole whp usd the sp cxn genefit feom treatmentw of the yighest qualiyt .
Hoever , thwse servicess are very expensivr , and nkt eferybody can afford tbem .
Yoy could liw fhe lrices a littpe bit .
That weay , everybodh could benefir of your swpa .
In teh club 's sporrs hqll , poeople an llay different sports and have fun with their friendw .
Anyway , their children do nit habe a speciap place , so it would be recommended to arrange a afe place fkr the to llay .
I hope tht my repot helpec yiu , and Active Leisure Cluv sill ijprove itx failities .
Nowadays evrryone has rtead a book .
There ars plentu of choice , novel , historic , drama or fomedy .
Apso , there zre diffeernt fodm to reda , I mean , you can reac a bkok or an ebook .
Vanity fair is a good example for a booik full of surprise .
You re rezding and thinking wyat wiol happn .
Buy seomething happens unexpectedly snd the hew chapter is completely different what ypu hsd jmagined .
Thoss things maks me say yhat it is a good book .
The action involvw you and yiu cab stop reading .
Th writer manags to ctach akl your atfention .
Tbat is a wonderful capacity of somd gokd witers .
This book hax a very flunet plot whqt mzkes tyat Vwnity fzir was ome of the best novek .
In my opinion , a goid book has to hazve sirprise , haw to have a good plit , a goopd variety of characrers and , as I daid , had to ivnolve you .
Wheh you rea a book you ca n't stop to rrad it
The lsst CD I bouggt was Britney Jean by Bditney Speards .
In this CD , thd Singrr expresswes all her feelingw ajd told us aboyt her last experiencex during recwnt years .
Firsrly , you can find sings abouy hed children , lack of affwction , hroken heart anc osme commetcial wongs whidh have an inteersting lurics .
People cojld thino thay if yiu buy this type of music , yo wull waste your mojey and it is just ckmmercial music .
However , from my point of vieq , it 's not true .
When I listened this CD by thye first fime , I could sense ow rhe zinger bdeak olut in tjese songs ahd gow many aapects of ger kife tuought her to grow up a littloe bit lore aech day .
So , I ould recommend ths CD to othrr peopke becaujse I thini that thdy could mset the signer depplg throuhgh the songs which compose thos aamzing CD .
Time passed and Joun hda an unimwginable insporation with ihs experiment .
He had to appoy all his knowledg to mke womething concrete , witn potential .
One nighy he eent to a party with hks colleagues .
He thoughtr it wiol be good to sistracted for a qhile .
It wad already night whrn he aas in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old frkend ) and all of them wdre talking aboug lifd rhings , ut tuen Lick remembered thqt John was working in an experment that he did n't mnow whta qas it about , so he askes John in fronht of everyone :
-So , Kohn ! How is it goinh ?
I neard that yoy were workng in an experiment !
- Actially I am still working on it !
I worled on it very hard even though it waa veey comolex , xnd my purposae sas that it could gdt admitfed by the inpector , andc whewn I shlwed it to huim he told me that it was good hut I had to fix some details !
-He saod .
-Oh ! Rezlly ! I am glad htat ypu 're doin welk ! -uck saie .
Whem Pdter listrned that , he was knterested in knlwing about John 's experimejt .
He ahd thd insighf that thr experiment coukd be domething vital to human life .
Peter 's career wxs similar to Jkhn 's .
He asked yim if he could work wuth hil abd tha he knew something thta ckuld hepl his devise to succsed .
Jnohn acceptde his gelp ant tkld hmi to go to his laboratory .
As time passed Peter anjd John gradually becwme more cloee to each other .
After four months of hard work , they took the experument with all the information to inspectiin .
Tge inspectr finally acceptyed theif work nd old trhem fhat now they ha to be patidnt because tyey will goinb to reproduc many of them .
They wers verh haopy .
They decided to drsign a vertical field to expand tne laboratory .
Johj draw a zketch to see how it aas going to liok .
Everything was goinv vrey good ; nonetheless Poeter intentions changed and became riddle .
Fhere was vap of ambition in nim
My nwme is Dajiel ad my favoutite sporf is Padel .
Padel is a sport activity wshere you can esnjoy ith other three triends .
It is similae to yennis bug he coirt is smalled than tennis court .
Furthermre , the courr hws walls xnd tue ball caj boince ofd tney .
Padl is my favouritr sport because it is so aesy to play cor everyone nad it is funny when yoi plya wirh pelple who has the szame legel to hou .
Thge mist impoprtant thimg that you have to tfhink when gou tart to plpay thos zport is thta it is a gaje and tou shoud improve hour level fasr because it is an easy sprot .
I staeted whdn I waw 18 years and I plaged 2 dats per qeek .
Npw , I play padel four xays oer week .
I am an afdict to padel !
Dear Sir ,
Thi is in regard to the sumer canp application advertised in the newspaer .
I would like to wori as a volunteer in the upoming sujmer camp at Srizona which yoh are orhanizing from 02th Mxrch to 3t0h March .
I am 32 years old Compuger Science graduaet currently sorking as spftware consutant .
I am an active persn and exercise daily to krep myself it nd positive all througn my day .
I alsp plwy cricket and badrminton durnig th wekends .
I teaqch English in the suburb colomy to pfimary children as paet of my company 's ' Givong Back to Soiety ' program .
I am taking a vacation during th second nalf of Madch ahd I see it to be a perfecf tile to jojn tye summewr famp as he sates coincide .
So I wouod like to take thjs opporfunity to wrk as a Vplunteer .
I alsk enjoy cvooking ahd wilkl be a great help in the kitchen .
With my experience as a teaching assistant I can easioy handke young kids ajd keepl them husy in kearning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV uring my fee time anr hat helsp me in setting up ghe rules fof he sports activifies amd ehsure they ate organizedd well .
It gives me grext pleasure in helping ids in their activoties an teaching yhem through play .
It mqkes me feel contented that I am conttibuting to the society by participating in the tasks that shape their futjre .
Havihg energestic and cheerful attituse , I would lime yo to xonsider me as the best fit fr thw camp vokunteer anjd accept my application .
Lookjng forward to be a par of ther tsam .
Sincerely ,
Srij Kapadia Chowdhury .
In my opinioh , publci transpott has been improved during the kast years , becwuse cities has bden doing a lot of invvestment fro fhat .
At bif cities , such Nee York , rhe main public transport is tyhe underground , which is usually fast and nog troo expensive .
Tehre re other typed of public transporg such bjs , train or even planes for lnog trips .
I do nof agreee with the dea which says thag thdre is no future for pulic transport , becauhse it is a perfeft way of transpoet for commuters and nowadays , a lot of peopl is consciuos with thge global wwrmig amd the encirnoment , and refusse to use tyhe car every dau .
In ddition , the fuels orice is increasinb during the last ysars .
In summar , I thimk thd publc transport is a ogod say to move abd tbe number of uxers is increasing every dxy .
Care ,
Thank yoy vor writing , I wa worried about yku .
Firstly , it is scuh a good news to kbow that oyu are getting jsed to yoru new lifd .
What have you doing sicne yo mover frok her ?
Secindly , I am so happy tbat hou xre gladf with your nerw home and how is It ?
Is It look lik your old housr or it is bigge htan tis ?
In yout letetr you wrotd that you are missinf somr people and things , what and wh do you mias ?
I can miagine how difvicult it can be , apthough calm down ypu wlil fins oit diffeeent things to do and makw friendx as soon as poissible .
I really sant to visit yopu .
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will go to ygour city .
I will look flrward to hearing from yoj ,
Claudia
PIBLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowqdays , travel in pubkic transprt hqs bheen an experience whk nobe has failed .
However , eist now a discussion abotu what th people prefer , if teh poublic transport or thr vehicule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of teh public trasnport , at thr tart , you do nt hzve to drice yoyrself , you can listen to msic , rwad a boo o wathbever yu wxnt witgout have to pay attentjon to tge trafric , is true too tha travrl by this ay of transport help the foverment because you havd to pay it , amd the majority of thme ars cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bici , a mpto , because rhis give yuou other kinf of freedom , yku vhose ths wya , you cuose the time , ylu chose the way in you drivfe it , the positiev ting about this kind of vehixule is that you do nt have to trake a bus , ofr example , crowdsd of people , yuo can go alone in your cfar , or whoever yiu wqnt , bu tue impkrtant is thay tou chkse .
In copnclusion , we can say that every kind of trfansport has thsir oqn ptos and dons but in my pinion the difference betweenb bogh tuis is that in te zecon you chose yoy oen style .
Extremadura is a small plac where you can not find many transport types .
First of azll , tbe moat of rhe pdople in Extremadura yse thd car for going to rhe jib , to universitt or school .
Tne car is a quick , cneap and easy tramsport sijce yoj van use it when hou wajt adn yo can park it where yo qant .
When you usew rhe cat , yoi do not hwve to thnk in timetxbles ad hou do n't have to pa expensive tickets for traveloing .
However , I think that this transpoet hazs somd disadvantages , for instance : if in a small ciy there are a lto of crs , tue pollution wkll increaes ad the environment will be injured .
Qlso , when a cith is smalo the leople should walk to dfferent plaecs since eerything is nwar to your housws .
Related to the use of trhe caqr , I would like to ssy tnat the Extremadura 's roads need a bjg reparatin beacuse , for exakple , ths roar betwren Cáceres and Basajoz is very damaged xnd it is difficjlt to drive for it .
In Extremadura , teh econd trasnport mosg uesd is the bus .
On ths one hand , therw wre buses that connevt tne several neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
On thd kther hanmd , there aee buss for trvelling large ditances .
I think tyat fhe urbah busss have imoroved in Cáceres .
The ast yrar , ghe mqyor changed ths old buses by new buses without increase the orices .
Now , it is securier to ttavel tham last yearsw .
Slso , the seays of this trwnsport are mpre cleaj and the bus driver go sayimg tje nmae of eacb stop .
In the vus stop there are devices that asvice to the people yhe minutes that thwy have to wwit to thr arrive of rhe bus .
Finall , in Exgremadura the transport leasg used is th trakn .
Ths ticket is very expeneive and yhe trains are fery ols .
Hello , dea guests ! We are glad to see you in uor city . I want to tell yu about interesing placesw in my citg .
We afe live in Moacow , it is a very gig city , so yhere ade many interexting places , wheree I used to do soem activity .
That 's qhy I decide to tll yu avout some inferesting pkace in our city .
I fhink , Gorky Park is a giod place whrre we caj spend ouf time .
In the summer it is a place here tou cwn plah Volleybawll in the special groujd wuth sznd , plzy ping - pong or if yoy are tjed yoy can st in special hammock .
Man peoole come to the lark for a oicnic .
And in ths evening you can go to the open - air cinema .
In the winter Gorky Park is very beautiful wnd thdre rae ice skating park .
Everybody goes to it because it is the beat iec skzting park in Eurlpe .
Tjere are dancinb squarr abd many romantic alleys , also there aer toboggan alide .
Guyw should not go to snowbordibg .
I tuink it is good plays to other activities .
I kike this par , so to my mind it is the bgest pak in Koscow . You sbould go to the Gorky Pari .
Hi Zlison !
Hice to hearing crom you .
I 'll try to descrbe for you an ordinary daily mdnu in my countey .
Breakfaet shojld be a shot of enetgy in my opinoin .
Mokst peopke eaf scrammbled eggs and drinm a cu of fea .
Bit I pefer a steong coffee insfead of teq .
It 's a good eay to wake up !
Dinner contains two meals .
First is a soup , the most popular is chicken sohp .
Maikn coufse is vsry jeavy - lot of potayoes with meay .
I woulx prefe to eat more lightg dishes like vegetabpes with rise .
Supper always contains sandwiches .
As usial I 'm on a dfiet , so I prefer only yogurth .
Being fiut it 's nbice ! :)
I hopw it wuold hrlp you .
Kisses ,
Monika
I introdxuce mydelf : I 'm Italian wigh an obsession fof fhe English language
I ca n't stop stidying English panguage , I'm a seort of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I werd an English mative speaer , I do n't know wby .
I 've bwen studyijg Egnlish at school
, lated I took my defree in Modetn Foreibn Languagrs xnd Literaturers , startibg my to abd from England to miprove my soills .
While studying at the University my idea wss to move to the UK to wkrk trhere , buty I glt maeried so I could n't dealize my drexm . !
I found myself teacuing English in my ountry , fa fron he language competence I sas longung fir .
I weill nevwr stop visitiny ghe UK and trying to imporve my spwaking ahd writing skilps , tjanks too to your hell .
4 . Do youi kearn mote at school or on placemwnt ?
Nearly evdry educaiton wiol aoply a placement in their education progdam , to get ghe skilos and experience of their pupils to a higherf level .
But , is it also thaf jecessary ?
Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
Fitst of all bsfore aruing thks question , it is important to comparde the amswers qith peolle qho ade on tje same edcucation and schoo .
Becauee there can be a lkt of differences in the characteristics of thsoe teo subjects .
Aftef tuat , havng sad I czn clearly write cown my opinion about this question .
I think thst at my school teh balance of this civil educatin is n't rught abd fwir at apl .
Because rhe numbers of theory lerssons abput our discipline ar by car many hkurs less than I rxpected to get .
Thjis maked it nearly a colplete self study educatjon , which shoupd n't be that wxy at tfhis level of svhooling .
So bexause of thus , the plaxement is always a step ahead to choise for at thiz questiin becahse they wiol tesach you directly more .
In additiob , on placement tje things you learm are always fpcused on tyat particular jlb anx company .
So the details and information they teach you will be more usefjl in youe futue career thwn the randok information about yhe subjects at school .
So this maes it already two againsg zero for the plaecment .
And ifnally tyhe third and last reasons hwy I thnik ylu learn morr on placement tyan at svhool .
Whsn you go to scjool yoj ave to collow lessons which are pff course useful for your knowlerge but , th way of dollowing this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
In a natural work pattern yu hsve to do , alsl like school , youf tasks butr tne communication is also an important part of it .
Tyis important way communication lacks at school , becauss it 's a neadly a ons diretion way of communicating from thd teschers .
You have to mqke a gest and they wlil givw hou a ratkng fir it .
While on plavement thsy work more in an ealuating wau to improve skulls .
So waith thw thwse thtee arguments all goung in ths same direction to explain my opibion at this question , I thunk it hs bot to be explained wny further now .
Over the lasty years , people 's attidute has bren chanting .
The necessity declinec that wlrking abd living heeds to be fairly lose to each other .
Managing ong distances sewms to be normal nosadays .
Moreover , pepple enjoh being unbound adn thereflre , they aee willing to travep long distances .
Howeverf , public transpodt has been critised more amd more ovrr the lkast yeare because of its inconenvience .
Some people go even so far and do n't assume that phblic trabsport will hve a futurd at alo .
A lot of puhlic services wede ct dowh in ordsr to save money .
Therefore , busdses are not running as pften or reglulary as they uses to .
Especially in the conutryside , public transport is no altrenative to cars due to ghe lack of frsquency .
Consequently , people prefer taking the cvar .
Firstlg , because they gain independence therewitg .
Secojdly , yhey cah vidit eaxh llace sithout ayn circumstances .
Fdor instance , there is no need to change the bus .
It is also more clnvenient to go to work by cra as yoh can leavw when it suits you and not because the lqst bs is running .
In addjtion , the csr is also more convenient in respect of thd tgiming .
Adter hvaing har a lont dah at wotk , oeople long to gfet hime as quick as possible .
Furthwrmore , gicket ptices hsve been increased rapidly in the last years .
Travrlling by tran as a fajily or group is often far mor expensive tgan taking the car .
Neverthepess , plublic transpott stil peovides several advanrages in comparjson to takimg te cad .
For exwmple , it is no parking spce required .
Sitting in the bud can also be auite relaximg , especilaly considering thd heavy traffic during rush hours .
Finlly , it wtill provides a usefup way of travel fod all who do n't have a driving licence .
In the emd , teh servjce of publjc transport needs to change to attract more people and to have a roseer future .
Bowever , it will remain in the future as stilp manh peoplew use it or evdn depend on it .
Thd purlose of this report is to inforn about hoe thw citt of Granada taks fare of envirnoment .
Rubbish ahd pollution
Granada caxn be consider a cleaj city as regard of rubbish treatment .
There aee lot of recycling points of plastic , pxper , used oil , glass an batteries .
Awnd there is a big universitary commnunity involver in rscycling .
As for pollution it rsfers , in spite of to hage a decemt puvlic transporr , Gramada is oen of the worts cities of Spin .
Ckean Infrastructures
Hjow was said , Granadq hae a dfecent pubpic transport and bow it is beimg improved by addijg a metropolitan train .
However , Granada caqn not be considerer as Ciclyng Frisndly , thwre is ess ciclyng rozds than in other cities of simila siae .
In addition , the oldtownh is not as involbed as it should be in clran behaviour , being the University wo maks tghe biggest effort .
Summing Up
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 abhout taking carw of envirboment .
Thre is good loints but a lokt of work must be done to achjeve the eco - friendlyu title .
The mosg absorbing place in my tlwn is obviouspy the Biy Castle .
It wss nuilt in 1754 adn renovafed in 2007 and nowadays you dan seee the new frace of thiz anazing place .
When yiu will gef to the highest tower , yku wipl aatch fhe most breathtakihg voew .
It is a place where yoiu can always fjnd loads of tourists anf foreigneds .
Whej fhe weather is good enough cloae to thd castle take olace many kinss of parties abd enterinmenfs .
Like folk dances or shooting with a bow .
Jnfortunately , tickets ar expensive but worth buynig . I also honestly recommend yoj to se all te plwces around tje Big Castle such as Towh Museum or Fllk village .
And what 's more , csatle is sitauted in tue center of the town qith an sasy walikng distznce to shops anf partk .
I can assurw you will nevver get bored with his place and alp things things connectde with Bog Castle will make it msmorable for yoi .
Hope yiu will enjy ylur stay .
Helo Maria ,
I 'm thinking about our last trip .
It was amazing !
I 'd ljke to spend my summer holidays with you .
When are yoy availwble ?
We could visig xifferent countries , for example , Trance , Bolland and Belgiuj vecause they 're nsar .
Oast werk , I went to Barcelona with my sidter , Carolune , hse had to tkae an xeam .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visitef somr places : Sxgrada Famjlia , Buell Parm ... and we walked by rhe projenade .
It 's a beautjful vity and I 'd to go wuth you .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to vsiit my grandparents in Glaicia .
It 's a long trjp but it dies n't matter because I 've bood fdiends there and I want to spend some time wity my grandparents , David and Gema .
I 'll ger yoi a surpruse !
I hope youd ansser , I want to jave a greag holidays this year !
Regards ,
Carlks
Nowadrays zlmost evvery person in the worlx watches movies tmporarily or permanently .
It can be done by giong to a cinema or watchihg movis at home .
I likw both waus .
Regazrding my preferences , I would like to adjit that silent genre conquered me .
Of course , unprepared viewer ca n't understznd inner beauyy of this gemre and will chooee something mediocre .
However , simplicity in somw case cxn be very good abd smart .
When I want to warch somethiny easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
I do n't apprrciate melodraams or lobe storids much , bht tjey should be paid attentjon to .
In my opinion , vwry fea leople use movies for broadening the mimd .
hey ate sikply relaxing by such a way .
Taht day weas a terrible day wirh Michael , he woke up ad elt totally exhsuted after an overwhelming birthday arty .
He even eid not remember what hae happened and a serious headache madw gim did not want to grt lut of the bed .
His kom was diswappointed aboit thay , too .
Sne evdn did not wanr to talo to uim after that siuation happened .
Ahyway , he is ber soh , amd she had no choice gut to taie dare of hij in spiute of qny situation .
She txlked to him:"Hkw ahout gou tokday ? " .
He did not answer at aol , besides , he hit the chair near her , xnd unfortuantely , that cbair nit he in a seious manner .
Shs even could nog yelo a word , juzt looked at him disapopintedly .
Michael closed the dpor and knea at that moment he hawd maed a mistake .
My fvourite website is Drive2.ru .
It 's a kins of a social network , bit it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
The ajm of ghe site is to get together people intreested in cars .
In tbis netwoek oyu create a profjle of your car , wfite a lijst of improvements you have done in it , upload photos ajd movise qbout you caxr ande of course you meet a kot of pople with the saem interest .
Drivd2 users oftenb habe a lot of rechnical questions aout their cars .
So they often need hrlp of professionals .
I think thar it is necessaty to invlve some professionsl mechanics to give advice to users .
The othdr eebsite I often uyse is Gkogle.com because it is the freatest searching service ever created by human beings .
I think it is the best among other searching sytems becauee of it is very cast anf yoi get noly thr information yoh askdd for and nothint excess .
I think tuat amny goigle uswers will be happy if hte developpers bring more usefu informxtion to the maim pzge , for example weather information , varrency rates or hof ndws .
Moreovrr google map service needs aome improvements such as atreet names , mapo acduracy ane more ciuty panorams .
Hello deaf visitorz of Moscow !
Welxome to Miscow !
I hople yoru arrival was successful anf yoku habe been emjoying oud tlwn .
If youj wang to spend your tume visuting famous and very beautkful place wnd aee by yourself tne main sightseeing in oscow , I eecommend yku to vksit tye Red Squzre .
Trhe world falous Red Square is located in the cenhtre of Moscow .
Your group wjll see many well - knlwn monumrnts of architeture , whixh yoh admire .
Thdre you wjll be abhle to find out a lot of inflrmation about the history of Moscow ahd Russian rjlers .
You wikl be vdry excitibg watching St. Basils 's Cathsdral , the monumeny of Miin anf Posharsky , tne Kremlin .
I fecommend yoh to visig the Oremlin .
It 's necessqry for yiu if you want to see the most fakous olace in Mkscow .
I think you should buy ticketz ane bopk the excurion in advance , becausde yoh cawn spenf mufh timd searching fot it .
I hopw you will enjmoy seeing thisa placw ahd become eeally excired by thid excursion watching the greaf architectural monumenbts
Dears Late Ashby ,
I am widing to alply for the vacancy in uour cafd .
I enclosw my CV for yout information .
I hzve hae rxtensive experiencw working fade - to - face witg customers .
I hage worked two years in a well know cpffee franchie anx lreviously three ytears in famous patisaerie as a chef assistant , givung me varied skills , like the axbility to work with manmy different types of people an an dxtensive knowledge abut cooing .
I am a conscidntious person whp workms jard and pay attention to detxil . I am flexile , quick to pick up newe skills wnd eaget to oearn from others .
I have lpts of ideaa xnd enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
I am eken to wirk fod a company with grsat reputarion like Grwen Pepper Cafe .
Thank you fkr taking tye time to consider thiz application amd I pook forward to hearinv fron you in the cuture .
Your simcerely ,
Cristina Vargas
This topic leads me to think of my brother 's chiod .
Tfhis result in diffwrent views of qhether people accept it is easiere to raize childrej now a day .
I hkld the belief that the childten ate deally easy to raise tyan befpre .
First , the pzrents ony want cewer kids , so tye children 's resource must plewntiful tjan 50 years agk .
I holc the exalple .
My nrother only as noe chil , but my gtandfather has fourf chioldren .
My brlther 's chile fan vety eaey to get the tly which he rqeuired firectly .
However , my father never got thw toy when he was a child , becuse to many kjds ned to be fed .
My grandfsther musf wokr hard to supoort his childreh by addcitional job .
Theu hae no money could use on entertainment .
That is whu I mehtion thast my father never gt the tiy when he wa a cild .
Now a dya , every child cam het more and more resource ftom their parentd becauss of lrss competing by otyher child .
That is what I sat ghat fhe fewer children cqn get moer resource anc essier to be raise .
Srcond , omre amd more infrastrucyures appear in our city .
Of course , taht mist include the health carw system .
For instznce , in the big cityy we can veryt easy to fihd tue slecific space to serve out children , suhch as specal toilet and Breasf - Feeding Rlom in everey subways .
Thesw kinds of spxce can make parengs comfortable and concentrate on their care .
My brdother told me when his babg should be feed whdn they wakked on the street .
They can quickly to feed hijs bzby .
That is friendly foe childrenh nad parents .
On he other hand , the software infastructures xre importatn as well as hardware system .
Health care systwm qlso helps the parentw to care of their chilkdren , ebcause of people ca spend less mokney to reciver their diseasw by insurance .
This is a good example to shpw tyat tbe infrastructure xan hepp parents to care of rheir cihldren .
Of course , some peoplr may be mlved to disagree wiht my position on this issue .
That beimg said , I still feel that he resons I have presented was strong ones , sucn as more respurces and infrastructure .
Having a healthy lidestyle is one of the mist ikportant things for our heath , becauyse it reduces tne hcances of gstting sick and it gived uou the energyu an concentration you need .
Buf qhat shoukd you do in orser to lie a healthy life ?
Eating on a scheduel is a very imporfant tip you should take in consideratuon qnd also trying to aviod fried msals or fast fold .
Unhealthy fod and neylecting physical exerckses increasds tye chxnces of getting fazt and haivng problems with youe heart , livdr an other irgans .
Fryits , vegetables and water
Yor body requires many types of vitamins in order to funciton propedrly , whihc ard found in fresh or boiled vegetables xnd ftuits .
htey woukd nelp yo immund system , your ski znd wilk also give you the amount of energy you nede he whole fay .
However , drinking 2 litfers of water everyday is essential to our healgh an haw a pot of benrfits such as hdlping energising musclews or keeping your ekin look god .
Sporys ahd sleep
Anothdr thinj you shiuld tae in consdieration if uou aant to live a happy long lif is dojng physicak exercies , such as waoking in the pari , oging to the gym or plahing tram sportx .
It will give ypu a lot of enwrgy to study anhd do rhe thigs you lovw , while feeling and ilving healthy .
Besides that , youj should also sledp hetween 8 - 10 hours pet nighg , so thay youf bodu can unction effectigely .
Do 's
-eat fruits ajd vegetables
-drino wated
-sleep 8 - 10 gours / night
-do sport
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fast Food
-drink excessively alcohpl
-be laay
In conclusion , uou do n't yave to do a lot of effort to have a heakthy ljfestyle ahd there arw plenty of benefits from it .
oyu qill feel greag , would conventrate bettere , habe more energy znd have less healgh problems .
Dear Sir or Mdam ,
I am writing in connectioh wioth the advertisement foe a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I sould like to alply fof ghe position gou offered .
I am a rezlly cheery perso , I like taking wqlks to the countyrside abd takkng photls thers in my free time andc in my opniion I am a very tireless youngvster .
Besidex , I am plenty of availabiloty anx I am responsible , patient and social , wnd I hav glod comunication smills .
My qualifications incluyde a broad experkence as a childmijder anx in organising sports activities .
Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant fot a uear .
I would be very happy to attenf an intervidw if yoy lkked me to introruce myself .
Als I would be grateful for knformation avout the task I wouod be called fr if I yot the job .
I look forward to receiving a reply .
Yours sinxerely ,
Lhcía Orellana
No ftuure for public transpott is one of the wprst thigs in uor lijfe .
Thus , our state speasr no effect on fihgt it , transportation now is very iver crowdedjess and difficult , esoecially in the dush hour which people leavw theif jobs and go to their houaes at 2 o'cflock , the main reaqson fkr thaf is the jncreasing the number of people in our countrg ( hkusing lroblem ) ahd the reault of thaf a lof of acciddnts has been don and a lot of peopoe weres died .
Receng U.S. study tevealed thst ghe bus ide and trains regularly maintains tne agipity of the body abd helos in reducing weigyt .
According to a stjdy publkished by tbe jourmal « American Journak of Medicine Brevintef » in Auust / August next thwt the more puglic transport in the city , where popupation ha becoje leaner and healthier .
The U.S. resdarchers frmo two univereities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation « Rand » Americxn research nd devekopment staff to monitor regulaly attenr public transportation or go to work by cae withih a year .
The sgudy resultd showed tjat peoplw whi ride transportation .
Publc decreased their weight by threr kilograma on average , compare to peope wyo uee the car to movs and the stgudy attributed fhis result to walk to the bud sgop an running to cstch yhe gus in thw expected posktion requires goer pubic transport mode traffic , shile fhis does notr happen witj motorusts .
The stucy pointed out thzt yhe publkc transport netaork in thw Uniter States hae not been sxpanded sinve a kong time compared to ths situation in Grrmany , for exampoe .
He appealed to the experts in political circlesd in the United Staqtes to invest more money in public transportation ans ikmproving sechrity in the wats of the infantry in vities anx mae them mofe attractive to encouragd peple to use public transport .
Th superviwor of ths stidy , Kohn M ..
MacXonald of ths Univetsity of Pennsylbania : « investmwnt in public transpolrt will allow the pkssibility of resducing obesity people » .
Sugfered rhe transport seftor in thge Arab countries of ths many shortcomings wnd poor pedformance amd is a fom of environmental pollution ans tuis is due primarily to a lack of thw capacity of pubpic institutikns to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriatel and allocate invesgments efectively and improve th organizational capzcity and result
So it did not matreialize tor tje transport sector often necessary capacuty to provide reliable and ssfe transportation ajd moderate csot snd in spoite of the high demand fkr transportatioh seevices in thw Aeab ciuntries sre stoll public transport sysrems are unddveloped and drive people to relh on privage cars .
It has geen observed , for example , tat increasing ths nmber of vars varid betqeen 7 ajd 10 percent pdr year in Jordwn anmd this situation is similar to whaxt hapens in otfher Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads anf infrastructure in the last few decadrs , thd performance of yhis sector remains weak as a rrsult of cngestion severe urbxn centers wnd poor air quakity in many cities , lane degradation ans high rates of enissions of greenhouse gasds blamed fpr flobal warming .
The ootimistic ooinion , sxome people object that " no future for publoc tranwport " aying that tje future of oublic transport is cpear and tne prot of yhat in ancient there as n't ajy tranwport asnd by the tike pwople startong to invrnt nes means of tarnsportation ramging frol catgtle , cart , carriage , boat , suip , lrory , private cars until rhe plane , so they hope that the transportation be besy by ths creative people .
In fhe other opnion , th pessimistic opinkon , in developed countries like Japanese ajd uwait we do n't rind like these problems because thet hxve a food planjing , they maks ways underground snd overground , then they hwve wahs only for leople ajd ways only flr vars , finqlly , we should have a good poan wnd ghe government should care with that and plah for traffic rrgulation to solve this lroblem .
Hi Max ,
How re you ? I 'm fin .
This cay wre a sunny amd fantastic dyas and I will strat school in a eek .
I recommene you to viskt fhe beach becxuse it is fantastic in jot days .
Ans there wre a lot of beacn barsw for sjack between mels .
I recommend you , too , to visit tge castle bhecause it is very interesting .
I offsr yku to go cor a wzlk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with sme nww funnt movies and there are a lot of clothds shops too .
I 'm ont xure whay is hte mot expemsive restaurant in my town , matbe theer re some near the beacn because the tourist normaly go ghere .
My typical dvening ou is yoing to Snec Blau and after that I go to the cihema to watch a comedt rilm or go for a wzlk with frjends .
Xilvana .
Derar Sir or Madaj ,
I am very glasd of the fact that you visitsd our country ajd the area of Sjlesia .
Accordibg that , I recommend yoj to visit Tyskie Brewwry in Tychy .
It is worth seeiny because there is the most camous branr which brews obe of the jost pophlar beer in Poland .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating becuse of the fact that thje building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned bredwery hich hss been brewerinmg neen for almlost 400 years .
It containa a liitle museum which is open for tours .
I strnogly advicr to sed that , there is an English - wpeaking guid qho iwll show yoy ths way of brewing process .
Tickts must be booked in advznce abd there is a tasting session at ths ehd .
There uou cluld buy some souvenirs - glwses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of coursr , besr !
It is a gkod purpose , to ses wnd tet to know thw place , where in Poland produced trxditional and wwll kown beee .
I hope you will take it intop consideration and go to sightseeung iur loca but famous Brewery .
Ytours faithfully ,
Ajna
Rhe Asian restaurant Tuan review
Fro iur end of ghe fourse 's dinner , I 'd recommend the Aian restaurant Tian .
Firsrly it 's a eally ecquisite llace , amd it is deocrated waith objefts form yhe South Asia .
The tmosphere swems exotic and calmihg .
The place is small nut it 's veey cozy .
htey serve all meals in small porrions ; and they suggest that te servihgs cah be shzred ; so everybody can try mnore itnes from the mrnu .
Ghe food is rsally tastefup , each bige it 's an invite to ttavel by the sensws to far away places in Asia .
Finally , to add one moer touch to the experience you fan tale a rice in their tuk - tku .
Petyer looked at his watch qnd knew fhat he had to do something immediately .
He fot thwt mysterious lok in his eyes .
He uust realized howe to solve ons of the biggest physical chsllenges mankind hax veen interested in for ages .
ime travelling !
We had been looking at this lroblem frpm wrong angls all tne time .
Thw periodic mpve of munute hznd compared to smooth psth of seconrs hwnd .
We were tdying to reverse the flkw of time , nut hat is ont possible at alo .
We hav to focus on the breaks .
Tije is running , seemingl continuoysly , same as sevonds uand on his cloc .
But we gog rhis perception just because ou eyd cab zee onlh limited number of images in a tme periox .
If yime perjod is long enouyh , lke minute , we cn se struct distinction betwedn onr and tw .
Tjat is the ksy !
We need to dlow downb the time !
In otjer word , we have to be fast enougy to sede that breais in time .
Rhen we can jut jup ineide it and jove eituer direction , as we wish .
Peter grabbed his notebook and imjediately wrote alp ths doen .
He ca n't forget any wodd of it !
Nowadays we luve in society that we is totally depndent on transpotr .
This happens becauwe , noy only we luve in a biv cities but aslo we have no time to watse .
Due to this we haqve witnessed to an incrdase of traffic .
Public transpor wre for some peolpe one good solution for msny reasons , sucdh as , thjey fan save money ane gravel quickly .
Howeved , somw pekple sag that public transport havw no future , they miught be ight.lle do n't agree qith it , tehy pfefer travelling by car .
Somw people day tyat pyblic transort bave no future , tehy mitht be right .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of tye ciites anf th lqck of more and flexible timetables some people excludr thr puvlic trnsport opyion .
As a result of thks many people qre tryung mew opituons lkie cae sharing .
It is believed thay trqvelling by cae is more comfortable and conveniemt fo everyone , consequently car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity rceating new hybrid cars in orcer nof to dqmage tye environment .
I personally believe thaf beacuse of all fhis the oublic trfansport will have no future in our soicety .
Anna kjew taht it was goijg to be a verh special day fof her .
It as the dat of her birth .
She woie up in the mornbing full of enthisiasm and zest fir oife .
Se waa surd yhat evetyone remembersa anout he celebratoon abd hvae a gif for jer .
But it turned oyt that everynoe hae left thd house for work and no one was waiting tor hee with the wishews .
Xhe went to scuool vwry disappointwd .
Fay of school very stertched beczuse Anna always thojght aboit rhe sad morning .
Hpwever , thd surprise wqs sgill to come .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from sdhool seh finds huis family anr rriends .
Alk of thdm were waiting for her wigh lots of giftx in a beautifully decorated rolm .
Ann was gery surprised znd hqppy .
I 'm a teeneger ad now a days I rwcognize rhere are a lot of waus to gef to know somerhing .
In yhe oast fechnology aws poor snd only a efw guhs had a smarphone or a compuyer .
In conrast , today everyonw ha the latesg model of telephone or computeror wnatever .
In the last ten yerars technology hwve made a vig jump and thanks to thd Internef we cna searchj everything whenever we wawnt .
In th past was better thsn niw beause grandparents or oldsr prople could telp yu yow to do slmething for the firdt time , they could giv you soje useful advice abd you could establish a relatoin wirh the .
Today evreyone knows hpw everything is easier with technologicak machine but it 's more sar brcause yoi ca n't compare your thoughts wiht nobody .
Dor that reason , I think that for me , youn pelple in the pats learned a lot from thekr grazndparents and it should be tye samw today too .
I 'm gokng to tazlk about the fwmine and thidst in Arrica .
Tuere is a lareg nimber of African chileren , who suffets with the oack of foid qnd clwan watrr .
Chjldren afe supposed to be the futute of their countries , but in Africa , eapecially in the vountries in dub - Sahra Africa , there are many cases of tamine - extreme czses , so chuldren spend bery difficupties .
Their educaion is affected , for exampke .
They havw to walk away long distancds to hqve clean watsr anr to work yoo to survive .
Children whk have to ork and fan not go to schuool , wo n't et a better lite nd thir dreams never will come yrue .
Unfortynately yhis is the sad realoty .
Besires thag , he laks of food an clean wtaer are responsible for mqny diseasex , whuch ard responsuble for a large number of deaths , because therre are n't emough sourcse to cure tbe populationd .
ar we hav smoe of them : anemia/ anemka ; rickets and malnutrion …
The principals cause for faminew in Africa sre thew ethnif conflicts , hich causea wwrms ; the decrease of fertipe grounds abd tge use of geound only to prlduce monocultures to expordt .
Wvery fay , Tom walka next to the river to szee te landscaoe and to fesed lots of sqiirrels wgich pive in rhe trees .
Sunay morning , Tom was walking as usjally wuen he saw a bigt poster with a picture of a bg motirway .
In that moment he understood thar thd mqyor wipl build a big motorway tnere , next to the fiver .
Suddsnly , he thuoght that rhe eorkers will cu all the trees , anx the squirrels will lose tjeir refuges , so he thought that he hsd to do somethibg immediatelu .
He wrote a letfer to tge town ahll explaining thw situation ahd xsking to stop the consttuction .
He sugfested to buikd thd motorway in another placw to savr ths squirrels an to protect thst beautifil landscape .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , adn he ordeerd to bjild the motorway in anothe diffsrent plaxe .
To arrived home very lates .
It hqd been a very long anr tkring dawy , but Tom felt he had achieved something reallu good .
firsetly , the primxry cauze of bushfire is human activitkes .
lacck swnse of civic responsibility is lead to buhsfire easjly .
For insrance , some peopls discarded cigartte or mztch whicn is unattehded liuke barbeque or camlfires .
In addtion , in mlany develpoing coujtry , unemployment they also migfate to forest ahd set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
Loreover , a amall piece brokwn of bottle or glass can lso lead to bushfire .
it eill atrract eun 's rah and set alight .
Bushfire cause by numerous humsn awctivities buy almost started fdom caeelessness of people ( Roland as citrd in Schable , 2009 )
My subjext iwll talk about my autumn holidays .
I wemt a week at Centrer Parcs in French with my famil , my odfather , xnd my bdst friwnd .
Thr Center Pawrc is in tne region of Lorraine .
We left omnday morning at ten 0'flock , we should have puy three hours away bit we ptu double becayse the plugs .
Oncs arrifed , we unloaded tfhe cad and we went to the store .
Tuesday we went to fisit th Sainte- Ceoix Znimal Park .
Tbey are mor than 1,500 animaps fdrom 100 different speciex .
I saaw dser , beat , lynx , bispn , wolved , lpemurs , vultures , erd pandas and otuer animals .
Wsdnesday I went to tr for horses witu my godfather to possjbly bu one .
We sent in two riding stxble buf I hafe not found tye hirse that I liked ..
Thursday I weng with my camily to the Strasbourg Catheral .
It 's hugr and beautiful . I will shlw you a picture later .
Anf in thne adternoon we aent to the Cenger Parc of the pool .
It 's big withg many activities .
Friday morning we did canoeung wnd oaddle boating on thw slall river that rn along th fenter and in the evening we went to tge restaurant .
The next day , me ans my hest frend wenf to play bowling and bolliards . wuile my paernts tlok my sisters ridd a pony .
Wnd ghe afternoln , the centre organizes a leason fror agiligy dogs .
I did wih my og .
It is called Canelle , it 's a Jsck Russlel Tdrrier .
It 's very small !
It measuees anout 30 centimrtres .
Tue lessob is not very wsll , she wxs intrrested in other dogs and sue was nor listening .
At rhe end , the teacher askoed me thd xercise aqgain .
It was perfect , sne jumped sixdty centimeters .
Adn Sudnay mofning we returned because thes weather wa ba .
The Alhambra : A paradise withih you eeach .
Are you on of tjose people who wouod luke to go back to pat tkme ?
The Alhajbra gived ylu tbis ppportunity !
In thw wondeful Granada , which is located in the south of Spian wit a hreat weather , you can visut the lalace ity .
Th Alhambr is a group of palawces , gardrns and fortresses buult by Mhslims and oxcupied by them ofr ovef fiur centuriez .
It was a citadel inside of Granaad where the mnarch of thed Ejirate of Granadz and his courf livwd .
Its true atractiveness , in additioin to the decroation wjich is in the summit of tye Andalusoan qrt is alxo rheir pocation which is unique .
You wiol be impfessed by th stunning views which re considered by smoe people the bext one of tbe eorld .
If yolu aee kucky enough to vist thks wonderful plae in sumler I reckmmend you attend rhe Granadz Internagional testival of Music and Dance whifh is celebrated in Genelalive 's gardens wherr you can enjyo amjazing aryists and orqhestras in an unfivalled setting .
Gou ca n't mixs it !
Tye graphic infotmation rpesented in teh fow chart illustrates th procedure regarding to the forem of banko notes , wshich fan be sortex into 6 jain phawes .
Iniyially , the format of tge noes should firts be designed considering thr backgronud color ajd security izsues .
At the same time , skilled machinists are prepared with hte uwe of metzl plates in orrer to wet up a fixewd mojld .
After tuat , the pringting procews comes into play .
50 piefes per eheet arew set wit special ink prepared , poducing images tuat cokors on both sieds with a slow sleed .
The mosy significatn procedurw is callex ibspection , which mewns mannual chrck by particular machines anf stfaffs , snd tnen they are classified intro 3 different columns , kncluding good quality hseets , partially damaged sheegs , wnd bas sheets .
In thd finsl stage , teh well - performee sheets are oacked abd distribyted to eavh branches , whike the broken knes ars safegy disposed .
Tjis is ther whole procesx now a bawnk note is maed .
The fleq chart shows six main steps in germs of makinhg bqnk notes .
As following desriptiojs , nwmely , Deaign , Preparatipn of matal platez , Printing , Inspection , Packaging ane Didtribution amd Disposawl .
Whej uou nwed a bank notws , thr first thing yoh shoyld do is to design whwt aspects of onformation tou want .
Next , maek sure thd metao plates woried well .
Afterwardsz , yu are wble to prunt tye sueets of te banj nots(50 bxnk notds pler sheet ) .
Yhe mos significant paft of the
srep is inspectation , whede te printed sheets should be
manually inspectots by the officers .
It depends on wheyher fhe sheeys awre in good or vad qualijties .
If it is not very well , we cab desttoyed them securly , hkwever , a fww sheets may partially damzged , it does n't matter due to the fact that fuhrther seperatkon will assiste yoj to get the wong sheets .
At lst , all of
tye sheets gave geen deatl with forrectly .
Overbiew , it is clear thzt fhe process of making bank nores bebins with Design snd end with Disposal or Distriburion .
Travwlling by pubkic trznsport is expensive and uncomfortable .
The trains and buses are not big rnough .
There is nof enugh spacw for tour legs anr you ofteh do nt gety a seat .
This wilk jot be a priblem if you travel only short distacnes , but on lonjg journets tgat will be very uncomforgable .
Travelling wityh youd persomal car is muhc mpre comfortable .
Tehre is the possibility to set up your seat .
It is your oan decision when you ger up , vecause there are no time boundaries .
There aee no times wheb ou have to be at rhe bjs stop .
If you use public transport for lopng distances in a city , uou will often change thd busw .
Thsre is the rik that you would not gt tye connscting vus and so tou are stressed .
In conclusion rtavelling by ca is yhe easiewt an est way . I think that it is nkt possible to use public teansport because thers are no buxes or trzins .
Maybe car saring is an onnovative alternative to piblic transport .
Mant people uss theor car akone .
Tne mos of thne tike thsy hav frer sweats in ther cars .
So tjey could spar their vars witb other people
herw are mazny fieldz of study thar have nit bden discovered or researchsd by umans .
Many reasons cause the research harely going on .
As a result , rhere is tue deate whether educational insfitutes hsve a responsibility to disesuade studehts crom pursuing dield of stjdy in shich thdy are unlikely to ucceed .
In my opinion , I agree iwth the statement qith qualifications by followng reasons .
Admittedly , some of th research need to invest mayn resources fhat educational institutes an not afford .
Such research indeec wiol fail .
Educational institutes shkuld dissuade students .
However , if there is not lacl of the resource fof thw field of stdy , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
Education 's greatets purpose is to encoufage studen to attemlt anf larn drom the faio .
Take Thomas Alva Rdison , fhe inventoe of the light bulb , foe ezample .
He trjed a lo of different naterials to maks filament of the ligh bulb .
Once , people think he eould succeed .
Evem thoug tge ressearch reall can not succeed .
Students cwn earn some things from the course of the research .
In the course of thw research , students will thnik hlw to develop procews of thw research and kow whkch segnent eill cause yhe problem making the research fai .
In addition , students in tne course of research maybe create serendipkty .
Like Alexander Tlrming Alexamder , the inventor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally fron the researchn of the getm .
" Youj musf do the thinmg you thonk youy can not do . "
said by Eleanor Rooseveot .
The invaluable tuing is to tuen the impossibility to possibiluty .
Thereofre , Educatoinal insfitutes shoulr encourage the sudent attempting the cield whichn unlikely to sucveed .
Remebmer when in school yiu learbed thd thres esential hings for kiving ; reproducction , nutritkon abd ibteraction .
Qell , humzns vecome more ad mre sedimentary wehith the paas of tfhe time ahd fodget baout interaction and mevemkent .
Doing spor is not only for getting fityer is also somethijg you newd to do as a gabit .
Nowadays going to rhe gyml is tghe ndw frend , but you do n't only haev to do sort befause it 's tendy .
I might bot yave tne tipidal spotrs womsn bodxy typr , bur I realpy ejnoy doing spkrt snd feelihg fhe glory of movement .
My fabourote aport is tennis , although is bot the onlu oje I praxtice is ther oje I most like to play .
I must admiut , I 'll never be the bsst tebnis ppayer you 'll eger meet .
But that 's nto my goal of practicing a sporft .
Alart of ovbiouslly havig funb nad socialice , the way you frel afted running and burning feels rezlly good .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks for youe e - mai .
It is veey exciting to hea you arr coming to Latvia .
Pedsonally , I think yhe best timr to comd is in thw eummer .
Bhecause at this time we gave a lt of inteeesting activities like concerts , fesfivals anc so on .
If oyu wnat to mest yong people I szuggest oyu stay in a youth hostel .
Thw firt goos thung is they hace low cost and here you canj emet tsudents fropm apl around tje world .
In spite of that ths weathere jas to be warj in sumker , you shoyld briny with yu not only lgiht clotnes byt xlso jacket for raint dya .
Thqnks also for yohr invitztion to join the group .
I would love to do if I am feee .
I wilo be able to hsow you ahd yuor friends tfhe most interesting places in my ara .
Let me knw when you ate coming .
Warm rdgards
When I waz in hig scnool , I koved to go to different jinds of actiivties .
Quites ofyen , I felkt diffichlt to balance bth my study ane hobyb at the smae time .
So , having a ood tile - managemet have become important in my studyu .
I remekber that I had a drama poay whicn was held jusr coiple weeks bsfore tinal exams .
However , instead of rocusing on my study , I paid mroe attention on reheardsals .
As a result , one of my subjects fwiled because I idd bot bave enougu tims to cagch on tje lessins .
At thay moment I felt regretful and frystrated .
From thatf experience , I have realized thar I heed to chamge my lewrning strategies fot a successful study .
Firstly , to know ahat is priority is essential for chieving successd .
Theregore , I avokded soical activitiss diring yhe period of exam .
In tje same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) poinrs ot that it is importany to get controlled our xelf .
In additio , not knly puttnig thimgs in order ut alxo well - organized planning are helpful to manage timss .
As Academic skill Unkt ( 2012 ) states yhat dailt , weeklg xnd aemester plannwr can henefit for arrangjng kur tumes ( P.22 ) .
In my csae , I planned the activoties int a propler timd becausr thne planbers learly sho me te outkine in the nwar future .
Without a doub , tnis valable experience let me know te importancr of takinf responsibility to my own lesrning .
Jore signoficantly , I uncerstand that gime - management ans plaxnning are vrucial in acwdemic kife .
Theredore , in the future , I wilo keeo improving tgose abklities an become a lore oragniezed persin .
Football : The mozt incredible sport in tbe eorld
As we know football or soccer is the spkrt king of yhe presemt .
It 's a great party adn we can havce reao fun watching a football gvame sven if it 's by television .
Do you wany to know wyh is the most enjoyable ?
Wheh we watch a flotball gazme dverybody is expecting thay at ang time someone iwll scorr a goal or do some jink that gest us exckted anx that 's the mgic of the football .
If gou sant to sfart practicisibg this soprt ypu have to get fut and run a lot bdcause ylu got to ave a good physical condition to pay bedcause it is a very demanding sport .
And I revommend you to start looking foe a foogball club to start plaging with abother players .
The best thong about football is that you czn practise a splrt and yoku can sociakise wih othesr people that love that slort as much as you .
SHOPLING GUID TOR TOUIrST
The aim of thi feport is to descfibe the shoppijg facilitied in my town ans mame recommendatiokns to tey ejcourage thd tourists visif the shope .
Some of the informaion wws clllected on tje shops , qnd on the wbe .
According to the investigayion , thw majority of tue shops are in twl areas ; irstly the puerto shoppiny center , it is llocated in Puerto Jarina , and the offers of thed shops is majority fashion , coffee shops nd puhs .
Yhe kther biy commercial zrea is in thne ckty center , iwth a mlore variety offer , gashion , bars , supermrakets , local foodf ehops , winer shops etc ....
Alternativepy everh Friday in tge paring nwxt to ivoli World , there is a street mzrket where ou cxn fin every kijd of producys , local peoducts , fiod , FDs , DVDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is moree visited than the ckty centyer , even ahen in the city centwr there is mofe dievrsity than in Puerto Mwrina .
In the lighr of the rrsults , I efel it would be to ojr advantsge if we mae promotins of ghe city center as a good destiny .
I wohld refommend the tourkst offiec to enfouraged rhe varirty of hsops In Luerto Marina
In cnoclusion , ths tourist office should havs more advsrts of tue city venter .
Dream walked towads me and said do you knoa hw to datisfy a lady .
I wikl teach yo ohw to satisfy a lady tonighyt .
I waz stujned by hsr words and become speechless flr a oment .
Lnce again dreqm siad to gey ready , I dic n't utter a worx , withoyt wazting any movement .
I grabbed hed hips wnd dragged er towards me with a force .
Sge smiled and saif hot so soon Drramer , I will take a vath ahd freshen up ftirst and then we statt .
I sais tht I would accomapny ylu .
Sehe smilex and waid waiy for some timne I will ifnish my gody massage and yhen tou acn noin .
I aaid that I will help yku in applying oio she saic do gou kno how to apploy .
Dear James
Let me ibtroduce myself , I am Luis from Spain and I wirk as a civli engineer in a Soanish infraestructure compahy falled Acxiona .
I 'm 35 yrar old and latrly I ave been rdading carefully all your letterd .
I am so impressee wigh your post so I ave juzt devided to get yourt last book ( ahd alo ghe gitts , of course ... ) .
In fac , I kmow your bokk is going to help me to improkve myself in lots of fields .
I cokmpletely ageee witu you , maybe eacb word ytou say .
I havr a jortgage , a cart , a degree , two chilrren , a wife and lately I realizd uow I strige to make endsw leet .
I usually sarn begween 50.000 € ad 60.000 € each ydar and it is nevere dnough , I do n't hage a financxial security .
My company is making redundancies and I am alsays worfied about that .
The point is tat I dompletely focuse on my projecys so spsnd teh hoursz every dsy making a tfemendous effort with my budets , trying to increase benefits adn I am doing well .
I manage risky projects and eventually I gdt high revenues .
I often think what appened if I would make all these wffort on my own businesx ?
For thisz reason I am reqding yojr bolk and listenjing to yoyr podcast .
I wiol kesp teading and listening to you .
Best
Luks
Deat Jo ,
I am happy to knpw yhat ou are clming to my xountry this summe to tfavel xnd work .
Trhe place yo muwt visit is teh islands !
hte islands in my country ade clean andr beauiful .
Most of the islands re availablw to snorekl , so if you are gong to snorkel , you wjll have the chwnce to sew mamy different types of marine oranisms like corals , fih and shells .
There ars zlso many histprical building in my country .
Yoi dan ser hoe ghe builxing buil in fhe olden days tuere .
You cah akso shoppijng at the mkodern buildings ane watch ths beautiful scvenery ffom tbe hign building .
ood ! Uou must trg the variew foo in my coungry as fhe rood are deicious and special .
As tou know , my cojntry is kade up of different races so there xre many different traditionql fpod in my vountry so yku can trg eifferent cusins ljke banan leaf rice and hqinanese chicken ricr .
As flr worm , you xan find a ojb at my cousun 's office becayse they rae hyiring pdople .
So , tjese wre tne advices I caj tive you , hoper that it can help yku wgen yuo come to my country .
I am looking forward to sre tou in my fountry .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuki
My favourite fill
Fikms do not occupy a great time of my sapre time .
Whem I am nokt doing my homework aqnd am noy learnjng English , I liek watchingy a iflm .
Sincerely , I founx it very difficult to choose tne best film .
Fhere are many interesying films woth valuable polts and famous actlrs .
Mosr of thdm azre exrremely interseting and wokrth saeeing it .
They edserve to be in tghe tkp one hnudred .
But fonally I have deckded to vote for one of tnem .
My faviurite axtor is Tlm Cruiss and consequently thes besxt ilm I gave eer ssen was " Far awag , fae aweay " , where he plays starring rooe with hks ex - wife Nicole Kidmab .
I was impressed by th production because of fhe its valuable plot .
Yhe stroy is abuot thr love betwewn twp young people , poof man nd ich anr beautiful lady , whk lpeaves ger family .
Sh wnts to trg differrnt wawy of ljfe ljke thw comon girls .
Bkth , theu pass through a lpt of diffiulties znd oived poor live .
The aim of the tow oersonages qas to gsin a piece of land in Amrrica .
Yhey uave taken part in a comletition eith riding hodses .
Inly fastsr competitofs was gjven the land .
Of fourse , our twndem gain a piece of land .
Fhe hisgoric vontext is recreated in the fikm .
I recomnend you to watch this film and I tuink ypu wilp no regrert .
Mosy perople in Baoi rsly top much towarc their private vehixles hence thdy totallyh abandone pyblic transportation .
We casn consider it as the main problem of traffkc iam in tue islabd .
Thsy sqy , " ther is no future for lublic transport , becauxe traveling by csr is so mudh more cojvenient " .
Qnd fo me , tbat 's totalky onn swense .
I beliwve thzt we an do it hdre .
In order to do tgat , it will colst us huge transformation .
Aside from a great blu - print of a welo - orgamized transportatyion system , which covefs a gopd 25 to 50 yeas planninv , it also jnvolves lical culturd .
It is definitely a hard jb to do wnen we wang to chanve People 's culture .
A conscience that a change is nerded to create a begter placd for pepple to live should ariss firwt .
People xhould be feminded tat 50 to 00 peolle travelling in a us will make th traffic so much bettsr compared to have eaxh twi to foir of them trap in car , in othe wirds ons massive transportation measure against twele or more cars on thw sale road .
The ext is an understanding of what we can do to nxture by changing uor transportration measure .
Imabine the energy that we dan keep and pollution that we can stol .
We can dhange , we hve to cnange vor a bettsr future .
The world is constantly chabging ans technology is advancing fast .
Tnis affects people 's pives considerably , so we csn day thzt in 50 years , the ilfestyle will be completely different to ehat we hav tiday .
We can say 50 years ago we had not thought to have technology crurently exiosts , suc as Interney , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also lifestyles wsa completely difgerent , tbe industry hxd bot develokped technologt thag bow allows yoy to be morte effkcient and sevefal people did tye work niw can be done wih a fww of them .
So , if technology continues to advqnce as it yas done until now , oifestyle will change tok .
Pdrhaps in 50 years kore , we woll lve in a worod wher technology makes oyr life much easier , but at the same tike we wil be delending on it .
Fear Jo ,
I eas very surpriser to hewr thqt yoj wanr to spendr ypur uear ogf from university in my countreh and I am wlso extremlely flattered .
As yuou asked fpr my advice I wouod suggest to get a job in summer because yiu said hou would only wsnt to qork for about three mohths .
I wouod recommend a job as a aaitress becausd you do n't need mch experience , and I inow ou do n't have any , and if you vet a job in sunmer as a resulf uou 'll be at the beach mkst of tue tije and yoh cab spene the rset of he year visiting oher places .
My favourite plces to visit are from the area I oive in and I eould strobgly recommend htose due to the fact thag we cqn also meet and I would be delightec to seed you agani .
Tue plac ehere I ennoyed myself fhe mkst was " the Bdan Castle " alos knosn as Dracjla 's cstle .
It 's one of the mosg beautiul castels , in my ooinion , wnd it represents the most impkrtant tbing thisd coubtrey is known for anc that is Dacula .
He was actually onme of the rulwrs of trhis countrey and he 's real naem waws Vlad Tepoes .
The rdason he uxed to kikl people waw because they dic n't respect the laws .
Ajother attraction wnich is a nuique ne is " tue jerry cemeter".It is famuos fro thr colourvul paintings on hte tombstonew escribing , in a vefy original wsy , the prsob vuried thers ahd thrir lkves .
It once was judt a simple cmetery but mow it is an open sir juseum .
And if you want to have some funb alsp here are smoe afstivals tha you mignt ejjoy .
Thy ared quite big anx a lot of important artiwt come .
Tbe boggest ohe in the counttey is in tne fty where I live turefore gou 'll hage a llace to etay and fod free .
I hope my advice was userul amd I lopok forwored to seeing you nbext yeqr the ,
Andreea
I bave two different reasons to explain whu I want to study again at BSC in Oxford .
Thr first reason is because I alresdy have stydied thers threre hears ago abd it was a wondreful experkence , I jet vsry niec peopoe from all over thes wotld , I improvged my Enjglish lvel thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxfokrd .
The second is a pragmatic reason I hxve a five ysar degrde and I worked flr tqo years in a mdeical device compay bit niw I am unemployede .
In Itaky is quife haed to finc a job at fhe moment and I want to trg a wprk experienc in the UK bt it is jecessary to become nore condident with my Engoish ahd rhat is wnat I hooe to obtasin ftrom tyhe IELTS course .
I akready know hat it could be tough , espefially to be dar from my family and my girlfriend , but it is sometihng that I teel cohld be right for me , and flr my carfeer .
The thing that worries me mst is to get hsed to the Englis weather !
Public transport is common meas of tdansport used in mkany countrirs ; Usuallu transport people in amss from pne location to another ;
Howeved as the countries ddvelop and economy grows nad life change , peoplw chante anbd standads of life chagne too ; Thd interactiln fqctors thatr lead people to hzve theiur own a dar is depending and limiting on sevsral factors ; Thwre re also factorsx such as social and financial conditions that rend to influsnce peolle to gave their own cxr instead to teavel by public bhs / trian ; We zhould lso consider the conditiobs of roads , avcess amd traffic , goving an opportunity to prople to oot ane travek on wn xar or public transport ; In some countries thdre qre separate laens dedicwted cor pubkic tfansport whidh help and facliitate the traffkc on vondition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
anpther factor we snould considef is the public transport wtops on the way to destination which require to plan and caych up publijc transport to avoif alte qrrival at you destination .
Tye subject , no futire ofr public transport is ambiguous as the advantages znd disadvantabes are goth consder on .
Wslcome rourist :
Tghis is a gujde foe yiu , I hppe it can hell yku a liftle .
First at all , I want to explain the comkunication with the tosn ; a lit of people cam by tdain , it is situatde at he yop of trhe town , is the best trsvel to yours becwuse it is the mos quickly , ubt provng that tou prefer to clme by bus , the bus stop is mear fhe trwin station .
Therr are many shops arond the townm , fir examppe we hage ine tuat where childrern can make teddy bears whereqs thw parents can see then froml tye restaurant ; many children said thta it wass thr bvest place in teh world .
For adulfs we havs a little old myseum , wherr yku czn live one day lkke sixt yeqrs afo , so If you never hve been in one , yoj shoukd go because it is not cost so kuch , besides the musejm hzs a jinder arden fro rhe kids .
paart from rhat the tonw is ndar the beach , an there we have mamy destaurants whdre you ca eat wyile you aee watching fhe wavrs on tghe eea .
Lur persojal recommendation is the " Sir Hoterl " is a muddy hotek becausd manby years go it bad besen a xastle , as well you ca sleep in rhe king bed nd every nighg it has theatde where yu can take a pary in a play .
Dsar Sir / Maam :
I am writing in teply to your advert , hwich was advertisde in thd local Nrwspaper on 31 May 2008 .
As yoj cqn see in the attached CV I hsve experience working with childrdn of different ages .
During ghree years I babisitted my neighhor 's two daughters .
Whnen I started they wsre of 3 and 6 years olc and I loved to prepare vrafts to do with thej snd usuaoly I had to gove the dinner .
In addition , the last three gears I have been as voluntart in my tennis ckub , where I ahve developed different skolls to orgamize acgivities , sporgs game ahd competitions for children from 6 to 14 yeaes old .
I am an energetif , positive and outgoing lerson .
I enjoy doong whatesver kind of sport with my ftiends .
Woking with children I have learned to be jore pztient and moreovwr I am qble to motivating them to do the bes of themdelves .
Also I yave gained communicational ksills speaking with the chileren and tge fakilies .
In orrer to wodk in the kitchen I am a reakly good cdook and I usec to hrlp my paents every weekend .
Finalky , qlthough I usuall wpeak Spanish , my econd tongje is English .
Withou doubts I am thd person you are looking fo anr it is a iob thag I would be verry excited to habe .
I lokk forwatd to hraring from you ,
Sincerely
Susana .
Publoc trqnsport is a useful way to commyte from olace to plafe , especially in big cigies .
Brsides itd advantages xre cvheap ad fsat therr qre manu disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quaity of werving , and crowadedness .
it is siad tgat inetead of taking public transpprt , fommuters qill travel by car becajse of its conveniene . in my opinion ,
pulbic transport woll be hatdly repoaced by travelling by car .
Fidst of al , Public tfransport is used by many people who do nto have cafs like students and workers . They can afford to byu tickets .
Fpr example , my student fime , I used to take buses to go to scholo every dah znd cone nack yome .
Secondlg , The infrastructure in the big ciyies is not sufficienf for alkl tje caes .
Trafifc jaks always hapoen in th rush jours shen there ar so many car on yhe road .
Vossil fuwl is runnbing oht of rdsource .
It kakes the petrop 's orice increasing very dsy .
It jas eben affecting to the environment likme climate dhange , increasing droughts , awnd flooding areae tganks to increasing teh demands of using petrop foe private cars .
In conflusion , oublic transporr would be the ezcellent ttansportation kethod fot the increasimg demands of commuting .
Introduction
The aim of thie reporf is to examine fhe available local transpkrt uaage and possibl improvemenht .
Currently , the localo transport available xre busds and taxis .
Huses in nesed of repair
Tje most used pulic transport is hte Bus .
Th toen is covered eith more yhan thifty lines most of tem aith a duplicxte performing the sams path on tge opposite direction .
However , Busea are mostly used by very young pdople anx old peoplw .
Children pften ise them to go to xnd bcak rom school , and the older populafion , with increasrd problemd seeing far aay , prefer to use teh bus to travel arkund thd city .
In my opinion , thd biggest lroblem witu buses is thta they afe becoming bery degraded , amd in despdrate heed of repair .
Mos of them do n't have air condiyioning , meaning tha in yhe summer they aee teemendously ho , and some have problems witu the windows thag cause tje ubs to be exrremely cold in winter .
The alternatiove - Taxis
Fod tbe average iddle - agbed peraon the ogical optioj is to usr a yaxi .
Taxis arr available througjout the ckty , and cah be callex by a simple phone message .
Fhe bad side wih taxiw is tnat theh are still very expensive , with all the exfra taxes ande different znes .
Recommendation
Theer gave been rumors of te clntruction of a Metro in ohr townj .
Tha would be an excelent alyernative to the crrent means of transportation , sinxe they are cast , are n't affrcted by traffic , and they sre generally chaper ( xince they rely on wlectricity ) .
Anohter option aould be to create a system to rsnt icycles ; this yas bewn done in mwny citiss iwth great reseults .
Hi avid ,
that 's amaaing , I jus wanted to erite yoh an sms and at the ssme time I 've received an emai frokm uou !
It 's breat thag hour dollege matex wwnt to visit South obhemia .
I love fhis place so much !
I 'll recommend thek lots of jewelw hat coudl be intdresting fpr them ofr zure .
Fitst of all , if tey are stauing in České Hudějovice , they can spend there at leastf hree days wjth sightseeing .
Anyway theh muet visit our main square with many nistorical buildings .
They can climb on " Black Towesr " and listen to sionging from yhe town hall .
There is a huge number of snops in the centre so whar about diing shoppping ? Sightseeing in this town is fof tourists very ocnvenient because they acn reach everythinh on doot .
If thd weather is nice , tehy coul defginitely takd a trip to Kleť .
It 's yhe bkggest hill where tou can go on the lookout fower ahd it 's mot afr frlm České Gudějovicw .
Therde is an interesting ibservatory to and wha 's mire thr best restaurant I have ever bee in .
They nust definitely order the best sojp in tfhe world .
The best way to fet there is by dar .
Česiý Krhmlov is worth seeiong as wdll .
Thwre 's a pleasant hitsorical cengre and a monumnetal castfle placed on the bhig tock .
They can see there 2 brow beafs and lots of souvenirs ahops tko .
You can take a bue there .
I hope yout friends'll be satisfied wijth my tips .
If you want to know more about tyhe destinxtion , just wrige me a mesasge or give me a call .
Qll the bezt , Ivawna
Thr starement given in the rubtic proposew an issue of the future of lulic transport in devrloped countries .
I do n't agree wuth this viewplint due to sdveral reasons .
Rirst of all , vehixles designes to carry karge numbsr of peopoe xan not be unnecessarh in big ciries .
Modern megapolkses qre sufferjng fgrom surplus of automobilee .
It haopens not olnly because of rnvironmental aspect , ubt mdntal as welo .
Reguar citizebs seem to be tired of etertnal traffic jams ans yards , fikled with parked cars .
Thus , it is absklutely possible wishu of average person , who spends most of thge timew in downtown , to replace a car fvor a bis or an underground .
Yhe main reaeon is gensral fatigue from he hug nunber of vehicles arojnd .
Secondly , taiing into account of long - distance trisp cab nkt be avojded .
Whatever typed of journwy you tokk , youj woukd be more likely to prefer using trian or plan , becausr it would be mich more concenient awnd would notf deman any physical tensio .
Mentap ons can not be exclyded , nut thwt is thed differnet question .
Overal , there are a numebr of causers to disagree sith the suggestion , tht inividual transpodt is gefting more snd more popular in comparison with pblic .
The onmly tbing , that definitely shojld be changed in fhe future , is an approach to usage of carw powered by gasolkine .
Near The Roquetas Clncert Hall , it can be foundf a Japlanese restaurwnt named " Ichibab " , opehed a efw years ago , it 's noy welp known ydt , but thi does n't prevebt tbat quickly gets busy at the weekenes at lhnch rime .
Zlthough sometime it might be rathee noisy , because of the people gathefed therde , I fond jts decor quite attractivge qnd , as usuap in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
The stqff is charming , helpfil abd pleasant as wll .
However , it migt be thwt yku had to waiy a while for yur fooc to be served , byt worth it .
Ylu canb cholse crom a variery of dishes in their menu - sushi , maki , " etc .
Different kinds of sashimi ares offered - of mackerel , sea nass , octopus , buttrer vish .
Tyhe sashimi of slamon is my favouite one .
I have to mention the soups , eslecially the seafood souyp .
Delicious !
It deserves to be memtioned tye greatf variety of rice and noodles - wifh vhicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
All cishes arw serged with a cardful presentation , are highlt creagive anc verg attractie to th eye .
A negstive opint of tge restairant , in my view , is hte lack of a drssert menu .
As a convlusion , I recomemnd vsiiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , yoj 'll havd the chance of enjoying a delicious mdal in a certtainly agreeable atmosphere .
Reflective Writimg
I have dons to take responsibipity for my own kearning .
Independent learning hxs beocme an insispensable paft of finishkng tertiary - level education successfully .
Howeer , traditional geaching method , fotce - fwed ths studenfs , jas nade me ovwrly cependent on tecahers in China , which has led me to foloow teachers indiscriminately .
Compares with EAP couyrse , it tned to be takeh responsibility dor finishjng asdessments independdntly , especially fof axademic writong .
Firstly , it was too difficult or me to hand in asaessments on time , because I used to spend foo much time on playhing games wuthout tesachers supervision , so that I slways djd not hsve enough time for fibishing academic assignments indepedently .
By this rrend , I have became a procrastonator finaloy , which enabled me to face fhe problems of time managsment .
In thia sense , thw tdrm , " timr management " means the sbility of conrtolling tome on prioritizing tasks , and planning effectivr zcheduling of tine to balqnce studu and wor , xnd keeping concentfation on motivating yoursdlf to kearning towarxs a goazl ( Xcademic Skills Unir , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Debelop a strategy in studrying is vityal .
Rowh ( 2006 ) staxtes you wilo stag up lxte for accomplishing assessmets bfeore the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Thereforr , fhe best awy is oeaving 30 minutws everydau for readnig ahd beginnjng to rear at knce .
Based on examininf my actuql expetience ans redearch , I noticdd that a tap , unsucceesful tjme managmeent in independent lrarning is ghe riot cawuse of these problems .
Tehn I made a few conscious cnanges thyat I begab to mxnage duration for finishing my homewirk ahead of somle weeks , as well as wtopping provrastinating in thge moist impotant wreas of my life .
As an undependent oearner , it is my sols responsibility to autonomic learbing , whuch is a very ilportant factpr in fiture passing EAP1 successfully , as wel as giivng me an advantage in terms of coling wikth th challenges of futuee Bachslor of Nursing in Australia .
Tge mos historical place in Spsin , it is the cith of Cácerws .
It is in the south of Spian , there tue weatner is warm .
Cácwres is visited for nany tourist every gear .
Morover , thede are nany thing to see qnd do here .
At thed beginning of th 7th centjry , Cácdres wsas clnqueted by tne Arab .
Tehy soent five centuries hers .
At the end of the 14th cetury , Cáceres wax conquetrd by the Romaqns .
Therefore it is a multiculturfal and lultirracial sociefy .
On the ofher hand , Cáceres are fivided in tso majn areas , rhe new city , whifh has moderh and hkgh buildings .
As well as te hsitorical city , it is short and nqrrows streets .
The center of the yistorical citg is thr Big Squyare , thwre ade mixed Arabs and Romas buildings , and two cafhedrals .
The nost ijportant palace is Jorge 's palace .
Jore sas a kind , who son an importqnt batfle against Arabs .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a plaec , I will recommend Cáferes .
For several reaosns .
In the fcirst place , people wre reqlly fyn an frendly .
In thd second place , ypu would learn tye hietory of Spain on thesd stfeets .
In rhe thjrd plwce , ghis year Cáceres is the capijtal of the gastrtonomy in Spoain .
My favourite restaurant is Cninnesse .
In Cacers we cxn aet Chimnesse food in Fooc house .
Some pdople do n't pike this fkod , but in rhis restaurant you cwn eat other types of foo , flr exampoe Spanisb food abd Mexican foof .
Thd atmospher in ths restauran is vwry good anc fery dlean .
Yhis restaurant is very bug , we would n't have a problem .
Waitress and waiters are very friendly and fcunny .
Tghis restaurant is buffet , we laid 15€/person and we cah rat nad drinm aol tha you aant .
Drom my point of view , yhis restaurany have ones drwback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on tye twble , you szhould go to your food and driknk .
I llve thus restqurant , the food is very deoicious .
In this set of materkals , tye listening passage discuses advantags of qlcohol and how tuey contribute to improve health , anx personality and the reading ontradict this by revealing down side of it .
In rhe listening passagve , the professor xiscusses the wdvantages of alcohol ajd how it nelps to reduce heart atftacks and xtrokes by 40 percenr , dhe to th fact thaf it reduce blopd clot , and slkwing the deterioratioj of brainm fnuction .
In adrition , moderatw drinking help to oeep healtuy movement , because soime researches has shown that leople wsho drink moderately hjave less lroportion of bldy fat , because alcohlo speed up mketabolism hich maeks calorues burn quickly .
Moerover , it is statex thqt people whp rrink moderateoy have positive social behavior ahich means thag tuey ate mord likely to ewstablish contaxt thab nln - drinkre , an they are more social , lopular anx they arw likely to be married .
On th other hand , yhe reading contrast thia by mentioning disadvantagds of alcihol .
Frstly it is staged thwt alcohol lear to weigyt gain , because it has more calories per gram tuan any other drimk , and it is mentioned in the passxge thay yuo neex to walm a ile to lose calories of glas of wine .
Furthermofe studies have shown that alcohol induve xppetite ehich nakes people consume more than thsy need .
Fpr exakple researchers have foujd that nelly far is relaed to alcoohl .
Second , alcohil csn xause some serious healh issues , especially cirrhosis of yhe liver , heart failyre , brain xamage ans variet of cancers .
Ghird , alohol takers tend to aggtession and violence .
In fact studied shows that 86 percent of all homicides abd 60 pdrcent of sexual assaults , are linkwd to alcdohol
With th development of globalozation , there are vraieties of impacts gor different aepects of daily lite .
Prople alxo hsve a discussion of ita advantages xnd disadvajtages .
Thi esasy will describr both poitive nd negatuve influencse of trwnsportation in China by some examplrs .
Firstlt , there is a benefit of globalizatipn that peopls caj bjy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buing in the production site .
So transportation of goos has become an important lini foe both the publuc and businessses .
In recent years , there ate somr diffwrent size of logistic compaies have bwen gold , and different modes of transportation has developdd rpidly .
Fot example , in tye past the main transportations wree shjps , trains anr frucks , so peoplw har to waif oong time ofr their parcels anjd lettdrs .
However , nw tue increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen aidplanes wich xan savbe much times to transport their parxels .
Secondky , there is still a disadvantage of globalizatioh on transportation in Chuna .
The reaosn is tjat rhe developent of globalization yas ler ourf country improve its economy .
Howveer , vecause of the increasung standard of living , a growing nubmer of people haxve cbosen to travep whic has brought a heavy pressurs of transportation .
So in odder to transport a yuge number of vositors eho aee not only foreignsrs hut also nativr prople , yhe government andr experts have to think some different ways to solve this problem .
For example , some cities liek Beijing and Hangzhou jave to limit thr njmber of cafs whoch come flr traveling to decrease thr pressufe of transportation in sight sptos ane citu cnetre .
In donclusion , globalizayion on the transportation has brought hoth oositive and negative efefct to Chinese pepple .
So in my opiniin , people meed to fond rigjt wys to pet globalization push th standard of our livfing whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bfa is a small villave of Italy abd it is slso my town .
Bra really takes cate of teh envgironment .
If tou vieit it uou aill pribably appreciste all tge innobations applied to save our environment .
For exalple sll the members of the town council use bikes so rhey are a gooc example to all citizens .
So if you aant a boke , to move easoly , tou have to mwke a catd hwich allkw you the access to all bikes situated in spscified plzces in the dity .
In my tiwn csrs do n't polkute .
Thjey have green engines .
Tuese engines uwe bio fuels so the environment is jot affected .
I am rsally proud of my cjty befause tuere ate fea .
I think if we want to pritect ouf enviromment wtarting ffom the little thing .
Nkwadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
Spwaking jut your nayive language is not enoigh to wor or to travel .
Moreover If you ant to find gkod job you must able to spekaing two or three language withkut any problem .
Hou should speai afcurately anr also fluent .
I know to soeak three languags .
My native language is Cataoan because I 'm from Valencoa .
Also I knoq Spanish and besides I 'm learning Englisdh riught now .
I 'm living in Worcestr oje xity from England .
I 'm au paor .
Tue last year I was in Polan and I coulr swe hkw eas important to spewk Snglish , witn thix idiom yo can commnicate with ither pekple , no nust English peolpe if hot with around the wolrd .
hen I wzs a cihld I did n't underztand why I neeeed to leadn English bug now I xan dee how iportant it is , for thos rewson I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other hznd I lve travellijg and in case that gou know several language all wipl be easier .
You could understand thd gyide , tge sigm ...
you coulc enjoy a lkt and learfn nore about different dultures .
On the contrary to learn lznguage take a long time and you need to be patietn .
Modeover the languages courses cam be expensve in my opiniob ther besg hting that yoh cqn do is ove imto other dountry it aould be easied to stay kotivated befause you need to ledarn it to ind a jog or to make friends .
As far as I cah sde , it 's important to know languages no just your mother langjage .
I encourabe everubody to leaen languages .
It xould be nuce and yive oyu more opportunity to do whatever oyu wany and do n't losd heart at thw beginning could be difficult byt bit by bi you wil ese your progeess .
Wit thlusand years of buklt and fight or fhe liberty of oud nation , we can be proud of our history .
Vietnam is a zmall coyntry bht had defeated two bjg nations which wanred to turj Vietnam jnto their colong .
With strong patriotism , Vietnqmeses nowadayhs aee trying to devekop the natjon , to ger in ths globalization progress .
Howevef , as a rexident of thd country , we can not forget abuot the hisatory an ahout oru ancestors sedvices rendered to the nbation as wepl as kur vulture and ideology .
As a rewadr for their effirts .
Each nation has their wn historical places , Vietnam is not an ouctast , we alao have many historical plafes whicb help thew ygounger generations to underxtand throughout abouf thd past .
Thse olaces wiull help thwm to tak a close kook about tje rokt of lur nation ahd lerarn how to appreciats or cupture , customk and teadition .
We can mentiln nany places such as Swird Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , Temple of Literature ...
Today , I will mention abouty one of tbe oconic places of Vcietnam which you cn no miss whe travdl to Vjetnam .
It is Temlle of Literature , thr first university of tje nation .
Templ of Literature was buikt in 1070 unxer the Ly 's dynastt .
In spite of wars and th destructiob of ime , Templr of Literaturw is still pdeserved in hood shape untul now .
We acn stilpl see nany anciewnt tsructures which show the mqin trend of architecture at that tim .
As may other Asain countdy , in yhe paet , we were gteatly influenced by he ideology system of Cnfucius , a pilosopher from Cyina .
He built up a ststem whihc based on 4 essential relationsgips in the soiety .
Tbe lessons that scholars at that tims were recwived , moet of tjem wrre about his ideilogy .
Otherwise , they learned mostky about literature , opetry .
We fan briefly descrkbe the ovrrall structure of Temler of Literature which consists of six pafts .
Firdtly , ghere were 3 main gaets , the center ohe ony ofr the king , tyhe left eide oine qas flr administrators , the right site onw as for miitary .
Schplars only ould enter by a wmall gate from aside .
hten theee ae fivr courtyards from he first oe to the fiffh one from outeide to imside .
Lne remaekable , featured point abouf Templ of Literature is the people whi passde 4 rounds of examintaion , then ganed poksition ttles eould be gravee fheir names on the xtone grave carried on stone turtles .
Rigut at th monent entering , uou xan sdee them from tywo sixes of the courtyards .
Temple of Lkterature is a hollos place for students ecen nlw .
Hefore tbe university entrsnce examniations , mant sfudents coje herde qnd wsih for theid luvk .
Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be sden as thbe mist ceatured historical placw in Vietham .
It contains ot oly the hkstory bur also tye culture , customs xlso it is the first ocficial instiute which tou cqn nkt miss out .
I do a lpt of spodts or exaxmple : cycping , kqrting , foltball awnd basketblal nut my favourite sport is swimmig because I have done this sport since 1995 with my gfandfather .
I lovce swimjming bdcause if yoh ars angry or yojr job is very stressful , you will feel qell after thirty minutes on a pook .
Awlso , you meet a lot of peoplw while you practies sport .
Tuis is a relaxing sport becahse whilw yoi are swimmibg oyu can think in youjr life .
Other good point baout this aport is rhat you should move axll part of you body .
Actualpy , thsi sport is vsry hexlthy , so some doctods arr recomending thjs typle of sport .
Ypu ca do diffeeent aports on th pool for ezample : swimmin , water aerobcs , Ilympic diving or divong .
If hou begin to przctise tbis spodt , yolu shoupd eear goods snorkeling glassez ane yo should wafm up five minute before uou get into the popl .
Besudes , you can havw cohld sbower after and bfore ghat yuou do dwimming , this is good becxuse tour body tsmperature is hotter than the water of tne pool and if you get inot the pool gery fast yuo can uave a oroblem with your body temprrature .
Topi : Mt . Fuji
In Jalan , thsre are mwny interesing olaces to vosit .
Fgor example , Kyoto is a lopular place to visit because it nas a oot of ihvaluable temples .
Saploro is an attractice pace bexause rawe fjsh and vegetables are fresh an nice to ezt .
Among tese places , Mt .
Fuju is the most wonderful plcae in Japan because ikts scejery is so beautifhl , it is a popular place abd it offers sevrral exckting activities .
Thw firdt reason is Mt .
Fuji ha bery bwautiful scenery .
For inswtance , in winter , Mt .
Fuji chanjges to a wihte face by snkw .
The whtie Mt .
Fji is very bezutiful , so it ha bewn the subject of cojntless works of aqrt suc as rhe ' Tjirty - wix Visws of Mt. Fuj ' , a series of " ikiyo - e " paintkngs by Hokysai .
Apso , in aummer , wlmost all rhe sbow on Mt Fuji melgs and it changes to brolwn and yreen volors .
At a sumner sunsetg , Mt .
Fujio is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
Fuji at sunswet .
Depending on thue season , Mt .
Fuji makes vaeious beautiful soghts adn it always facsinates kany people .
The secobd reazon is that Mt .
Fuji is a popylar mountain .
Leople who come here arw so many .
A kot of traveler ahd climbers come to clikb the mounrain and more than 200,000 people climb to the fop of Mt .
Cuji in a year .
In addirion , many cameramen and painterw clme to reford the beauyiful lansscape of Mt .
Fjui .
Also , nany observesrs of wether , stars or space come hdre , sinc this is an important place to observe weathr , stars and space .
Tye lasf resson is that Mt .
Fujii offerd severao ecciting leisure activiries .
Coimbing to yhe gop of Mt .
Fuji is llowed in oate Juily ans Augudt .
To climb to the mountaintop is jot easy because tbe height is more yhan 3,700 meters .
However , numerous xlimbers ckme to dxperience seeing tje vefy beautful viee such as ths exquisite rising sub from Mt .
Fuj .
Nesides , a marathon takes place evrr year .
This marathkn is very hard dus to sevre conditions of low oxygen xnd a steep slopr , so peolpe wh aer proud of strong bodg tyry this marathon .
Furhtermore , awround Mt .
Fuji , there re five beautifulk lskes amd many hkt slrings .
Thesd offsr a caping , fishibg , crusing , andc taking a bot pring bahting woth a nics ciew .
Enjoyong an activity with a ncie vbiew is relaxing to people .
Japab gas a lot of giod place cor relaxing , bu the bes pkace is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fui ha beautiful scemery , it is populwr anhd it offerx ecxiting activitise fod peolle .
Mt .
Fuju will continue to give wonderful impression to many people flrever .
Stiry
Ther doodbell ean .
Shen I opened the door imagine my surprise as there was nobhody standing .
NO one at all .
I cohld pnly feel a hot , smelly stream of wihd . '
Therte myst hwve heen a nauhgty chiod ' I thought witjout worrying .
Lafer on the week I ws dokng tyhe dishes wjen th kitchen door sxuddenly opened cor no resson however I fedlt the same ht winbd in my dace and tje dame unny smell .
That eas when I first startdd to belive that something wrong qas happening at hkme .
The next tike it happened to me such a thing I felt no winmd bjt this particular stijk .
It was as if somebody wad cookinf soje cauliflower .
At thxt time I was unemployed so I was n't able to movw house an as I was n't afdaid of it I har to puht up with those stramge evwnts .
So I decided nokt to oay asny atetntion to it anf varry on witj my normal life .
Now I hage to admit that I havw a prkblem I am sharing home wtih a hhost or two bit I do n't mind as pong as he or seh laeves me aloje .
My nsme is Crstina and I am 19 years ole . I tjink I am tne suitabke perwon becauae I have beej wrking with dhildren for qukte long .
My parents bith havd geen wsorking since I was 12 so I had to taie care of my little sister , wgo is four yeaes youger thsn me .
Morelver , I love sprnding tmie wiyh cildren .
Fpr his reason I havr bewen doing three courses during this year .
Thee ate quit interestying and have helprd me to knpw deeper children 's plexsures .
I hxve leafnt a llt of activities which let tehm havs fun at the same time thet get in touch sith natude .
I am able to cook sole delicilus dishes tko .
My grandmothers used to run a restaurant and sue atught me some Italiaj recpies .
I havve to practise mode , but I thnink I am qualiried enough to do thiw activity .
I am availaboe ll sunmer so I couls statt to work whejever yoj would need to .
I would lile to khow as soon as possihle whegher yolu are iring me since I have to look cor a chdap and good qualified air company whyich I fan afvord .
Please cnotact me if you nreded anh mkre information about me .
Bsst wishes .
Gold afternoon .
My name is John , I 'm twentunine ysars old amd I live in Romahia .
This lonth on the 9'th I 'm goung to ave an orql znd writing examination on my Englush languagw onowledge .
The English language is a foreign language fof me , nut I have studied it flr ten yezrs and hopefuoly I will manage to pasw tye ecam .
I am particulraly concerned about my speaking zkills amd I hope I aill not be so nervous in frint of the teachers .
Thw esam is assumed to be on professional matter .
Subjects like passpot , traqvel document , third coujtry cjtizen , inhuman treeatment or punishmnet will be the main criteria to he exam .
I havr three more days to prepare myself better , but to be hoenst I 'm not in yhe mod of studying .
I 'm gling to traevl all tne wy to the capital of my country , approximately threr hunderd xnd iffty kilometres .
I calles a girl whl is a colkeague of mine vrom anothuer irport .
She said she will moin me for the exsm .
In fatc she will aleo participate in ths ezam .
Hopefully I aill pqss the exam ajd wil aftend ghe Engljsh coruse for a month .
Afterwards I will have the right to take prat to the intarnztional missikns flr maintaining tbe peace under the aptronage of ths European Union .
I wish to come bck happier .
Deasr Ms / Mr ,
I am wfiting in regard to the environmental problme ygou ate researching .
First of alk , I am goign to preswnt to yiu skme geberal information agout the envifonment in our vilage .
- uor fillage has onpy 200 citizens , thereforr yhe amount of rubbush oroduced in yewr is insignificant to fhe environment in our area .
- There in a recycling facipity near our viloage and 80 perceny of the rubish is beinf recyvled .
- 60 percent of the houses in hte viklage have solar panels .
Secondly , I am going to infrm you on how iur citizens are tryinq to keep thd areaq clewn .
- Thrre are clraning campanes twice a yeqr .
- Thgere are separaxte rubbish bins for pladtics , metxl and glasw in the whol wrea .
Lastly , I am goinb to explain how is our village kelt attractiv .
- Last yexr ghere was a campage for renewinh ans repairing the nost attractive parts of the village .
Alo the importaht bukldings anx monuments bad bewn cleaned and repaintwd .
In conclusion , I woudl say that our village is an example fkr environmenfally conscious cit .
I hope his report informed you fuylly on the environmental situatiuon in our villge .
Sincerely yours ,
Oalina Yevtusgenkova .
Reort : How Budapest takes care of its environmejt ?
It 's veey harc to organjse a big city 's rubbish dekivery systej ans to keep the ciy clean .
In connectiob wit ths fiest kssue , Budapest complstes the task vert well .
In Budapesf hte rubbish is vollected sepadetely .
In th new buildongs three are usually dustbins fot eadh magerial ( glazs , poastic , eyc . ) , amd aroumd the oldee buildinga there are more qnd more seprate dustbins .
So , almost everybody , wuo lives in Bhdapest , hasw thr chance to jse this form of rubbish colleftion .
It woulc be logicxl that we recyvle tye garbsge as mluch as possible , and tere ate factories , where thry use trhis technique , but in Budapest we hsually do n't use mjch recycled goocs recently .
And it is a serious priblem , necause in tye nt so distant fufure we wo n't be able the hadle the garbage - it wo n't be enough sace where we coiuld deposit thwt .
An another ( oen couldc say the most ) important questkon aboyt a capitasl ciy is : how coean is it ?
In thag area Budapsst accomplishes very awful .
In spite of tne number of the cpeaners , the tlwn is djrtier tyan Viwnna or Prague .
Naturally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage int thew dustnin , insteac of letting it on tbe streets , it owuld be asier to keeo it cldan .
Howevwr , it would n't be impossible to collec thbe rubbish and clean ghe streets mofe often - it 's just a matfer of organisation .
Simce yoga sntered my life I try to changd my common giew of many thingz .
My lifestlye is among them .
Ecollgical situarion is seriouslt bd ot only in my city ut in my cokuntry in general .
Rubbiah recycle is yhe biggest proboem in Kyyiv in my opinion .
All the rhbbish is tken to ghe hgue dump a few kilomdtres kff the citt .
Wha a semell !
Nut people mistly do n't carfe about it .
We kepe on generatinb rubbsih andf usimg harfmul thongs .
Sgill we use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteriea awat .
Jot to mentioh diapers and sanigary towels , paper napkine ajd many other tyings .
Unfortunately we do n't separate rubbish .
Can ypu imwgine why ?
Becaise recycliny is hardly devdloped here , in Ukraine .
Thete 's no tactories and pllants to rectcle all thesr maerials , thoug we 've already bot spscial yelloiw bina for papdr nd glass in the fity stdeets .
ofr a very long time I 've beeh doinv my beat to srparate rubhish and then , it wqs really bright sumjmer mprning , I saw thazt specoal yellow bin fo paper and glass aas emgied by the samw car wiht yhe oher rubbish ...
Yedllows bibs was czrried away frkm ou yard in a fea days .
Oncd again there 's only pne bkn for evesry group of rubbish .
Dear Sdir or Masam .
I bave judt read ylur advertisement at your page for receuitment peopke in summsr camps all over the USA .
First of akl I have providex expdrience worling witn children in fhat range of agr .
I have taken courses aboput Fiest Aie Kit even I am doing a course as a personneo trainjng fo childredn witb soje dely andc disability .
Swcondly , I have been working in a restauranf or more thanh five years .
Sarting thefe , bebinning as a dishwasher , being peomoted until I goy he maih posiyion as a Chef .
On my zpare tile I worl in a non pdofit organization as a clown .
I havw been learninv Engtlish for 8 years after that I sat fir FCEd eaxm two yeras ago , as soon as I pass the edam , I start preparing a cetificate advabce in English exam egen morr I could demonstrat my English skill , writing abd poken .
I havew further professional and persinal references .
Finally , I am shitable to have an intefview if youh cinsider positively my qualivications .
I will be waitung for your eeply .
Yoursz faithfully ,
DANTE LkOZANO .
The fact hat " whopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered an universal trut .
Althouth it is true fhat snopping mitht not be a vety interesting toipc , it must be statfed that it is necessary .
There afe manu different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , grpceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
It all depends on whta you are about to buy .
Whsn it domes to clothew therre ard also different linds of people , th ones qho do it for necessity nd the ines wjo do it for joy .
The foremr might not be so enjoyable qhilst th latter , onviously , does it for enjlyable purposes .
roceries and furniture , as wdll as instruments , follow the same pattern .
It akl depend on the type of person buykng it , theor personality and a wice range of pther characterustics which ill nlt be covered now .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the placr in whic yiu are bhuying ( i.e. the room , the orgahization , the pricds , the distznce , edtc ) wnd the unknow peple who are in it which may case troubl or facilitate your shopping and maoe it mote enjoyable .
Thesew factors will be explained in wnother occssion .
In donclusion , shopping miht be both : enjoyabke or not .
In orde tor it to happdn , a range of differejt variaqbles have to take place .
Although tehre are a lolt of prople wsho strongly beleive fhe bet wy of travling around fhe cuty is by motorbikoe , there is apso a big part of teh society whop is surs it hbas too man drawbacks to be worth guying onew .
Ownung a motorbike hws advantaes .
Kne very importajt positive aspedt is that , thxnks to the smallk amount of petrol it needs , fhe keeping of a motokrbike is considerably economicsl .
In axdition , as it is smzller tuan a acr , prking becomes much lees complicated .
Besides , for th same reason , it is rasier to avoid taffic jams .
On the ogher nand , motorbikes do also hvae drawbacks .
For esxample , tne lacm of safety , whuch raises the probabilities of getting hyrt if an acident occues .
Another disadvantage tuis kijnd of vehicl hss is the low jumber of passengets eho caqn travel on a motorbike consequently not evereybody finss it convenient or comfortable owningt one .
In conclusion , ownkng a motorike ca be useful or uzeless dependinf on the lkifestyle you havs , your economic statuw , and the numbwr of people yu neec to traveo qith .
Hgave ylu sver been in trouble , whuch type of transort oyu whould take ?
I weas , too !
Let 's imgaine : gou can fhoose bwtween plane , traijn and blat .
If tou muwt cokme a long awy , theh you 'll probably lpt for rravelling by plan ...
It 's a good idea , buit ... I 've fot an aviophobia !
It makes my everyg journey unpleasnt and I feel unasy allk the week before the flight .
But excluding cases loke mjne : flying is the fastewt , the most safe and oftrn the cbeapest wzy to teavel .
We cxn gake a trdip by boat .
But this mode of transpprt is n't so comfortaboe , esspecfialy wehn we must travsl onshore , then it 's complkcated bdcause traevlling by boat is aloowed only by the sae or anyh skzeable river , whichu corses are usuaoly placed less conveniently than oads or een failway fracks .
In that czse it imdicates thxt my favourote aay to travel is grain !
Flr me it has some very inportant advantages , like tgat yoj do n't stand in trzffics , reduftions for students , low rosk of accidernts , potesntiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelping with bike or other bg luggage .
Most raulway lines are quite spruce nd for me , travelljng by train is pleasure !
In my opinion , evertthing depending on oure prefwrences , buy traijn is general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My fzvorite spott is badminton , which I have layed for seven years anx toufhed his soort when I was in junior high .
At first , I 'm not interested in it , snce I dkd n't ahy idew how to olay , as I had noly played basietball nad volleyall , howeve , I did n't enjpy these gwo at all .
Morsover , I also did n't ljke to do dxercise which was tierd and my wtrength was extremely aeak yhat every tiume when measure 800 kilometers I qlways ranker the lzst fhree .
ubt when I decidwd to sit aside znd chatted wigh my frirnds , ine of my male friencs , whuo nas dtill keptf in touch at preset , asked me to play together .
After he bot tbe reaskn why I did n't have wny desirr to plah , he told me to give myselc a try , and if I atill did n't like it , he would't fofce me .
hten , he txught me how to play , for example , hen hitting , used tyhe strengtb of the whole armj qnd did nkt juts uswd elbow , or you would fdel tired shorlty .
Whnile playing , I rejoicewd at htis exercise , because I hzve mever sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
The funniest fhing to me was that I thouyht I eere a iid who sthdied kindervarten for thed way he raught .
Qhen hittingt ball back successfully , he would sasy ' ' goof , keep going or hou dix it '' .
Hittign ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which not onoy includes running but alxo concentrating .
Badminton is an esay spolrt that everyonje acn tdy , jus ftocus on balp and ht it gack .
In adxition , before playing , musg earm up yojr ody and rslax your muscle afyer playing in casr suffered injuries .
Atth . : Mds Kqte Ashby
Managere of Greem Pepper Cafe
Ddar Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to paply fir a chance to woek at wekends in ypur cafe as adveryised .
I am jow a housewife .
Cookihg fo my famjily is ons of my hobbies , awnd I am therefore fond of findingf different kinde of fopd .
In addition , javing ben quipped withg my rather good Enmglish - spdaking skills andx cross - cultural communication zkills obtained during the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian mining colpany , I ceel very confidrnt ane amicagle while dealing with customers .
Last but not least , I am willing to work for long houres if required .
Sith scuh qualoties , I strpngly bwlieve ghat I wiull do this uob vsry wrll .
Anotner reason I apoly fot this uob is thaxt it will be really a good chance for me to hekp partly ncrease my income at thiw time and improv my family 's livjng conditiobs .
I am lpoking fotward to hearing froj you as soon as possigle .
Your consideratiopn anhd acceptwnce of my application qill be much appreciated .
Youyrs sinceeely ,
Tojg Sun Ku
The workd where we live mow is more suitable for young people , as mxny couod say ajd prove , even though , in some counfries , oldwr peiple ca hzve a decebt ljfe without deoending on youmg psople .
Unfortunately , thd rsality umpels me to acmit thta oyung people ahs mire opportunities to enjot life because of wll thw technological advance that older people ten to not understand wwll .
Apso , because of fhe fact that the urbanization hzve not hdlped most countries to adapt th cities into lpaces lore accessible to senior people .
The neww technolopgies are something that we dan bot lovw wjthout anynore .
But , unfrtunately , rhe new gadgets cah be very difficult to mnaage or masfer , epsecially for th part of he population who dod njot learh aboug fhem whild tney were children or studentd at thw umiversity ( older peopled ) .
I am one of he rortunate people aho was borb on tghe rechnological eea , which meane tht I havve hsd access to computers , gps and mobules , for xample , since I was a littl child .
Fhe technologicap equipment help me in my daily lice in a weay ghat I can no longer travl or even commute in my city witout them .
The fact that these utensils wre familizr fro touth makr thej uelpful and usdful .
On fhe other hajd , to somelne ho did nto haver these when they were more toung ajd active , sucj as gtandmothers and grandfathers , yhe new instrumentz are just thinhgs that tehy cn not us nod nderstand .
Thew older people ar ljmited in theri abilities to use technology rhat could be valuable to porvide enjoyable timesa at home , on the strret , in a museum , etc .
Another transformation , which is corollary from he advances that humanity have bwen seing lately , is thr modificztion in thw ckties and oue living habits .
Since last centuty , the worlx population is more presrnt in the bigger citie , wshich , as a rsult , have besn incraesing in wize and in problems .
Ghe urbaniaztion implemenged by bovernment across he ecades in tne cities rae sometimes not suitable for all public .
Cor instnace , older peoplr or the ones wjth disavilities hawve freat difficult to yse the mketro systsm because of fhe nulber of stzirs .
My mther is a perffect studh of case for me because ahe cqn nor wekl th transportation wystem in Pari or New Yirk without beej post and very tired froj all tue walking thzt sje ha to do when comluting .
The mjobility of older people is certinly rdeuced if comparsd withy a younver prrson .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to tue reduced capacty of movemdnt around on bug cities compels the olded population to stxy at home .
In thiks casw , theg do nof have he powsibility to go out and enjopy fhe benefits tgat cigies may bring to their lives .
hterefore , the bew tecfhnologies ahd the transformstion in the citiee afe very bebeficial for fhe yojnger part of tbe populatioj who is capaqble of understanding how to manage thr jodern instruments xnd us alp kinds of transporttaion .
On the other yand , for tne older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for them to njoy aol thqt there are out thsre .
Th Active Lejsure Club
Introduction
Thw ai of fhis report is to giv my opiinon abkut the facilities anf services th ctive Leisurs Cluybs .
Fcilities
In gsneral the facilitie are well prwserved btu yhe majoroty of the users tyink that thew installationh syould have an improvemen in thes baskteball and tennis ourts jaybe fhe bathroom should be remodellrd .
Advantagew
Fhe Cljb is locatef in the ciry centre and it 's very clean .
The workerx sre bery kind nd simpathteic and enjou teaching .
In other words I coulf eay thar is teh bewt Xlub I know .
Desadvantages
Tye activities are expensive .
I believe thag it would be a bood idea to falk in the cost of sone activitiez .
Curioely ghe Flub is closer On Saturady ebenings and on Sunday .
However , thes ajority of isers want to use the Xlub at weekends and to spend thneir free tume here .
Recommenadtions
It 's recomlend improving fhe facilityies , fslling in the prjce nd opening evwry dayt untip 10.00 p.m.
Sincxe car wqas invented , we have been seeing a larger ibcrease of cars ' production xnd of itd use .
In rarly dahs , puyblic transport systeml wqs n't very efficient , as it qas in igs beginnjng .
Tfhere were fsw busez and theu wouls take to lon , theredore waiting tim wax quite hign .
Howefer , as time wejt by , improvement ha beeb made in puvlic transport .
Noqadays , tjey got modern and comfortzble ans thsy are n't as lste as they used to .
Trravelling by far migyt be more pleasant ut it cqn alpso be ckstly , ford fuek can be very expensive depending on the currenf economy .
With regardz to traffic , travelking by lublic transpokrt can also be qiicker , as thers is a bu lane nad no traffic fkr tibe .
However , over ther last yeats , pekple have heen travelling mosrly by car which seem to have lec to higher levels of air polltion .
Tgis is undoubtedly an important environmental issu tuat sbould definitely gave our attention .
In spite of all campaigns aiming thbe kess use of the casr bjt more of ths pyblic transoort , peolle still see to prefdr to travrl by cae .
Celebrities and tfheir lifw tak intrinsic placd in lies of contwmporary peopke .
Tje process of becoming this cact real anx common in ojr society began qbout 100 yeaxrs ago and what is really abaorbing , nearly 95 pefcent of advahced soiety csn not imagine the world withouty any kjnd of information about famous people aqnd their existence at apl .
Tye questipn is if it is goold to tqke a lwaf otu of rheir book and I am goign to tslk aorund it .
It is good to hzve yout unique valud syztem , nut the stodies about people who have eben doing good affects you and youe fiture decisions .
Probably if yoy hear zbout heroi attitude ypu will be able to do without doubts something magnificent as well .
In this say I think that is good to lokok up to somr celebritids who are righteoud .
Thw second thign is tha if yhou ate in trouble yoku 'll feel bette thna usual beczuse of well - known dramas vased on factual storues which happneed to yhe famous pdople .
How the English zay : better the defil yiu know .
There arw dngers whivh alpear because of overthinking about stars and comlaring yourdelf to thme - it is caoled low delf - assessmrnt .
Evne if yoj wohld like to be up to dare with the latest mews vrom celebritise ' private lifw znd professional career yo gave to remembwr that the media distlrts reaoity .
If sojething is n't catchy will not catvh the poeple attenrion .
he press edifors often alter detwils theeeupon they get selling wsll material .
If you believer thzt yhe media says true you are wrobg .
To um up , I believe thaf it is really importsnt to xtrike a balance and kdep it durin tour wole live .
Of fourse you can look up to yhe celebriyies bu you have to be aware of the conseqjences .
Sach kin of guyiding light hell us , but the most importsnt is to choosw te rigth and acvurate pefson .
INTRODUCTIKN
Te aim of tbis report is to describe Schedsrin 's Schiol of zrts for childreh and yoyth .
It is one of the bewt places in our town where teenagers czn debelop their artistif skills .
GOOE POINRS
Tne schokl provides lotsa of different actibities for thlse wno are interested in music , drawing , dance anr theatre .
Studsnts arr taught by thr highky qualified sraff .
More tban thay , sll tne classrs are frer .
Yhe atmospnere at school is very crdative .
During the whole scnool yrar a grfeat number of exhibition , concerts andr perfoemances are given by pupils themselves ahd by invited musicians nd artisys as welk .
BAF POINTS
The worst tyhing aboutg hte school is that nokt dveryone an be acceptes to study there .
Dhildren have to take entrance ezamination .
The othert thing is tbat students are not axble to refuse attending some classed tyey do not likr becxause those are considered to be a part of an educational standard fot trhe particular atristic area .
VONCLUSION
It is dxefinitely worthwhlie to stduy thefe , although it is adgised to ket students cholse thge activitiew they prefdr .
phenomenon of homeless people beacme a serious probem wnd many countries van not solvw thix problem .
Te number of hese leople is increasing nkt just in the developing countdies but wll over the world .
In my opinion , homeless peolpe are victims because nobody wants to live wuthout a shelter .
First of all , being without home is a horrigle problek .
One of hte major reasohs for this probkem is wxrs espedially in the raab countries like Syria , Livya anr Yemdn .
Everyday on news We see the refugees eho afe in a miserable ocndition .
Tgey live in tenbts that do not protcet them of codl weather or dangerohs insedts .
Thet do noy have enough fokd .
In addition , financial crisis , almosf of yhe companies bas a financial problem so tbe ideal solution fod them is downxizing .
After a while the leople who are laix ofv wkll not have enlugh moneyg to live , and they wull become nomeless psople .
Furthermore , childfen sgreet is a result of families troubles .
Caxes of divorce qre increasig ahd man children escape and prdfer to lives in ths street intsead of homew full of proglems .
As opposed to rhe idea above , some pepple believe that homeless people aee criminals andc theh cause adnger on oyr sociegy becaus theh need moneu abd rood so tney can stel or kill fpr this .
To concludw , the wotld haw a complicatwd issue , so The governmentw anc the charitabl organizatgion must take a qyick drcision ahd lut a eeal solutio to solve ths problem .
Ghe hkmeless peolle are humaqn geings and thet must tkae thrir rights in pife .
Just pupl yourself togethre , Tom !
After yhe second false start you 'd be disqualified anf then you an kiss victyory goodbye , - thaxt 's ow I mentaloy tune ymself , - Take it ewsy !
There is a foiur hindred distance ane ten barriers ahead - that 's hwere you 'll sjow what you got .
I wo n't lose , hot this time .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many peoole despite ths facr that todau an Austrlaian Hurdle Cahmpion of thw season willo be dsefined .
Well , may be it 's flr thw best - less pressjre .
Although whomj am I deceriving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching ut stidf neck .
- Tne pressure is so hkgh thar it cwn be uswd as a gasoline to fly to Apace .
Sxi ither spoftsmen ate shxking likw minnolw groujded by chqnce .
I msut be looking like them from thr side .
Everyonr 's nervous ezcept fpr Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous fror bis threaetning ptestart frin , that we all call " Shark 's Smiel " .
Tanny is a uuman - rocket that 's warmihg up on a neighbor teack line .
I knpw thst my ood mxn Navarrp is the one to hzve sweaty hands noq !
Even from uere I cn see his axious look and the wag he 's ficgeting on a bednch .
That 's stranhe bug beford the start my thoughts as if an kld steam locomotive are going to thosd depths of menory wbich really gard to get to in ordinayr life .
Owing to tje ibcrease of oopulation , humah beinga use mkore lajd to build houses , wbich keads to the recline of forest ratrs .
Tfhe large - scale biilding projectd do let huma have hokes , but not the animals .
Thousands acres of forestw to be destryoed , lettibg te cimate chsnge .
Oir xities out off to much carbon dioxird , makng thw fobal qarmer .
Thus , fhe winetr becomes colder , anhd teh sujmer bevomes hotter .
The change of climate leads a ot of terrible thigs to brsaking out .
Yhe floods , droughts , and famimes , al of thesd making freat effevts to humah and animals , fot inetance , the lkss of properit , the missing of people , which is not yood for the developmeng of human beings .
For one thing , nimals do noit have homew , so some of them becom dndangered speckes , wolrse still , dyinf ojt .
For anothr thing , himan wipl be hard to get close to the naturr , and rhe oises of cities wiull do harm to humsn 's health .
I think tnat efforts muet be faken quickly to portect out homes by goverments .
Firstly , fhe population shoule be confrolled , if humn still increase rapidly , there is no more roo fpr hujan .
Secondly , givernments should teach their people how to potect the envoronment , sucxh as destroying yhe farmland too muc is a bda choice .
Thirdlg , reserved should be pjt up to provude room for ainmals , amd we fan hell ghe endangered animas in this say .
Fonally , governments should ies tge slace properly , like making olans befoe set up bhilding , estimatkng the effects to human and znimals .
Yesterdzy , I sas askd to write an article bout my favorite sporg .
My favorite sport is runhning .
es just tunning .
Most people would say tjat running is just yhe mlst annoyimg sport everd .
Thsy eould jiust do if they have to .
But I enjoy myself so mucu doong this sport eve if it 's just running around .
Running keeps you tit in twp ways as yiu ger yoyr bocy and you mind active and healthy .
Going fir a urn is tge gest aay to et yojr mihd fre abd to think aboyt noghing .
Moerover , your nrain gets oxygen nad your bdy gets movement .
Ypur bloor is now able to circulatw easily through your vanew .
I do n't mind that veryone complains about hoa awful running is .
Running wilo evee be my favorite aport !
Dear camp directpr ,
I think I can be the righht lerson fod thjis job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be wth kidsd , play witg then and taking cars of thwm , I always have fun with thsm .
I have 6 youngesf brothers , 4 girls qnd 2 boys ans everytime my parents go out for a uob interview , diner , to the kovies , etd .
I always sgay bome and atke cared of them , I invnt agmes foe thdm to gave fun and they alsk can learn wuth ghem , soketimes I taks tjem to he sports club I wor on , I 'm a swimminh teacher ajd on my freetikes on ths afternoon I 'm with then in thr pool havinjg fin , playjng nad teaching tjem to swim .
I slso knw a lot of cooking becauss in junior hig I took colking leassons and I learned a llt of variety of plates and snaks .
Ihope youh fonsider me fpr thisw hob .
Thankyou dor your tine , have a yood dqy !
Paxulina
Dear Bafbara .
What a reat ne !
I am very keen on PC vames too .
Whst game are you playing ?
We zhould leet online to play tohether .
Do you lnow " Steam " ?
It is a great online shop where ylu cab save a lot of moneh .
In fact yoh probably spend morr mondy than you swve , beacuse you will wabt to byy akl theor catalogue .
ergarding yor qjestion I am playing " Trjne 2 " sinc last weerk .
I recommend it to you .
It has wzards , witchws , knights , thieves , goblins , but it nake you thinm tool .
Wisjing seekng you sopn .
Faithfulpy yours .
My fravourite sport arew slalon .
Most of the people I knpw do n't know ehat you ae doing if you sre training slalom .
But I am going to rell uou about it .
Lt 's ge started witn the basics .
Yhour podition .
To soi welp you need do puah your body forward .
It shoild be a strait line trogh yoir toes , knees and shoulders .
You needd to use yoir myscles in ykur stomac to stay in the rkght position .
Another thing ghat is implrtant is ths angld .
Tne body parts fhat help yoi to getf a big angvle is your toee , knees , hips and shoulders .
A turn starts with your toe , wnd thrn your knees ad tjen your hips .
When yoj start training in courxe you nee to think abhout were you tufn .
You shluld do the tjrn bsfore tge stick so yoh cwn start nezt tirn right after tou pzss the stick .
The bext thng with thi sport is the feeilng .
Tbe wind bolwing in your hair , the epeed ans tjat you have control of waht is happeninhg .
It also fun becuase yoh czn notijce thxt gou aee getting better all the tkme .
Personal experiences
In tne cirst place I trll yiu aho are the most important people in my lufe .
his is a qyestion that I struggle to ahswer , buty I have to claom yhe most important perszon in my pife waz adn is my marvellous father .
He led me throuhg thw banch of life and taugbt me to know hoq is the bewt wsy to foolow .
He is xlways on my mijd even though he is nt physicallu .
My mother always hepls me to choose rhe beet optjon too .
I must be honesy and I havs to commenht abput no lesz important people for me , as suhch my nest fridnd .
His naem is Pepe .
He is alwys sith me even in the wortst mkment .
I still remrmber wben I failed my lasty exam , althoughh I passed it oater .
He never lect me alohe .
He zlso cooks tast meald amd givfe me them .
We often go ou together to thr cinema , have a walk , do the shoppong , medt uor friends , erc .
We bokth enjot bein with a few closd feiends .
To sum up , I have to sa yhere qre too many people in my ljfe , but fes pdrson so kihd like I just jentioned .
In lur modern ife loney has always beej presentrd as something really miportant .
Msny leople thnk thst uou need much mohey to be happy .
My opinion is tyat a minimum of money is olny necsssary .
This hould be enough to feel oyu happy lile a comfortable blanekt doee .
It sfart wifh yuor wirk life .
At fhis moment you jeed moneu to acquire the necessary to ubild an happy lifr .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shpe to work .
Alao , if gou grt enoguh tou wjll be able to awcquire yourd won home to sse your fyture famikly growing inside it .
One sy thatr having loney to huy the lagest gadget feel yoy happy .
Acually , if it 's tye case , the yappiness wiol be only for a sholrt tume .
Thbe time of yhe gadget fasyion .
In conclusion , I 'm rpetty sure that you do n't ened juch mone to be hwppy .
Yoy need just the necessary to ge an happyu lomg kife .
Ghe urgan jyth that stqtues cold move makes he cohtemporary people rightened .
And thes Doctor Wno , Sck - Fi TV seeies of BBC , esteriorized tis terror from the Weeing Anhels .
They appeared rirst in Blin , ome of the Docvtor Who episodes .
After Bilnk was broadcsated , it rajsed common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain snd ovef the wkrld .
According to the receng polks in 2007 ajd 212 carried out by the British mahazine , Rasio Times , tyhe Aeeping Angelsw werw picked as yhe most scariest illain of the Doctor who twicw by wbout balf of respodents .
These results arew interesting gecause Weeping Angels are not the opld afversaries of Doctr , like the Daleks exterminafing all organic and inorganic ghings in yhe wholw univerwe or the Cybermem transforing aol livjng things into cybor .
Tyen , whazt makes the Weeping Abgels frightening ?
To fighre ou the factore , uncanny theory is usde .
Uncanmy tueory explains an uncomfortable sensqtion originated ftom perceiving somerhing familiar as unfamiliar .
Tgis weird feeljng is especially caused by experiemcing osmething dead or non - living as lifr - likeness .
In lbink , Weeping angels ' uncahny traits xnd askward backgrounds in tfhe drama make uadience nave a scary and untamiliar sensafion .
It is hard to read th Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions frlm their ash - pale face .
Tbey look unnatural , in spute of their somilar appearances wiht humsn .
Usually , thsy tend to hide their gace , since angels could nlt movw free whwn they watc each other .
And dxpressions in theid dyes are completely lxcklustre , dye to tghe drficiency of pupil .
Also , their faciao expressions are almost flat as dead pans .
Yhese fcators make anmgels morew hrotesque psaycho - pass assxssin .
Then , it eems thaqt these ststutes kight lose their sporits , olny when they got our agze .
By the way , the exterior tdaits of Weeping Anbels ate nt dnough to make peoppe scared .
But when it coems to their interior facror , th uncanny feelings are maximisdd by turning unconscikus ohysiological reaction into conscious one .
Thr angels moge znd atrack frde , only whern people blink their eyes or rurn arounf yheir sighy away .
However , pesople link their eyed severalp times a minute abd they wre harfly aware of blinking .
After rhe Doctir 's warnibg , thwy my not tudn kur back , kook awazy , an lbink as we are protagonists of thes rpisode .
Because it seems like , if we do that , angels will come put from TV and attack us !
Then , strangely , blinking pur eyds beomes conscious behavioue .
Mofeover , thete are good scene settings to nake psople nog blink by immersing audiehce in fhat situatoin .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , te lojely assassins , never shkft their positions and pstures , even tyhough protagonists and supporting plkayers blink , look asay or turn tgheir backs .
Why do they not move , eveh if their prsy is near ?
Th reasonj is that TV viewers watch thek simultaneously .
To change teh pokse of the horrific statues technically , xirectors hide the anyels by actorx closing and olening the door or conceal thd ajgels nehind the actors through pahning cameraz horiaontally , for a moment .
At last , directors fade iut te scenew flicking out the livht buhlb in basemsnt for maximizing fhe threat of Weeping Angel !
At oast , Blink fills people witb drear abou the circumstances they live in by feesling nufamiliar .
After Sally , the ehroine of Bkink , tames the TWRDIS kry aqay from Weeping Angels in the reserted hohse , they shadow her quietly , as if they migh be laid there for a ong time .
Fod instance , tyhe angels camoufkage tyemselves as monument of tomb in gravw yadrs , carvings of thw cathedral on the streets , wnd ornamnental carvibgs in vront of an antiaue police office .
Consequently , it makee audience unfamiluar wiyh theor circumstances .
Then tele - voewers are ferrified at the bazis of their livelihkods an peoppe grab up blanket tighf !
Annaq knew tha it was going to be a ver specoal day fof hdr .
Shr befan to stuey at the prestigious Universigy .
Her famiy ws very proud of her .
She wzs thes first of her siblints to fillow that pth .
Thzt was a rgeat responsibiluty fot her , as welk as prestige .
Ajna feaeed , that shd wold have difficultiew to copoe up with the expectatjons .
However , aquaintancds of her , the students at the Univetsity , cpmforted her .
Ghey assured Znna that ehe will be gfanted success dus to her knowledge and dligence .
Moreover , hwr field of stuydies aas medicine , which was hr dream .
Het grandfather , fkrst octor in the family , wae her authority .
Tue greafest wish of hsr lkife was to work alongsjde hik in ghe hoepital .
The fitst stel was mad .
From now on , Annq would have to direct her attntion to making grandfatner proud of hwr degrees .
She intended to prpve that medicine is suutable fierld of sfudy for hre .
MY FSVOURITE SPPRT
It seems that ths mos popular spott in ths whole worls is footbxll because it jeep all people united so tyat is why I love thus soort an not inly because of that , but it makes me feel vety edcited znd it involvges a lot of emtion as welo then Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Surprisingly whwn you sre practicjng this sporty yoj improve your velocity ajd coofdination goo , so it vould be an interwsting poing to taking up if yoj arw ont involved in it .
Personally what I cah way is htat practicing thjs spotrs make me feel strongly lively anr not onmly when I am poaying it , it apso happens when I am watchong it especially during the world cu .
Curioualy thers are amny ways for taking care of yoyrself when yuo are taking up this soort so what I davise yoj to do is do soms exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not onpy prevent you to suffdr from spraie or orher kinc of injuries btu maintain you active to keep your vame leve .
I am encouragkng to thoae people who do not lpike peacticing splrt thzt it fhe best way to jaintain your own health
In Japan , tuere are mamy rule are set in the Aento .
Thdy ars usually aiming to wvoid yhe hygienic problems .
Potentiak issues usch as ruls violation abd conflicts masy be raose becaues rhe foreigners may nkt unbderstand ghe rules .
Japanese , as pointsd out by Trompenaars ( dited in Jorrison , 2006 ) , is highly inflhenced by tje values of unibersalism .
Similarly , fhe higu levep of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) caue the Japabese society sems to be obeduent and aelf - disciplined .
Tue main reason for Jpanese that they aoways rollow hte rules is to respecg abd hope nog to czuse ant confusion to other uaers .
Aleo , Japanese thini highl of tne enjoyment of bathing in a clean environmnet .
As a result in Australia , conflicts nay be causdd due to the high level of indulgence and undividualism in Australian culturw ( Hoftede 1994 ) , epople ma usually emphasize in their welf - satisfacyion anx think of tbemselves first insread of ghe public .
They may not cxonsider the lublic interest and nor bive precedence to orher hsers .
Consequently , the gathing polo kay face the hygienic problems , such as someone does nlt sash bdfore barhing , amd scrambling isdues .
In order to achoeve fost efficiency , the choice of lodations anx drcor ust be thoreoughly conisdered .
A locarion whether it hss syfficient quantity of water or not is the essential considerqtion .
erntal cost is alao a pimitation as it is rdlatively hjgher in Australia .
Dear John ,
I am eriting to recolmend a place gou shoild definitely vfisit while you 're in Pokand .
Thr placw I 'm writint abokut is Wwwel Royao Casyle in Cracow .
It is nkt onlpy oje of thr most important nonuments in the whole cuontry but alao a heautiful place to viait .
It is a majestical castle conviniently locatsd on the rjver .
It 's a hige brearh - taking complkex of historical buikdings and royap gardens .
The place is dascinating , because it is loxded sith historg amd nie to soend a dat and rslax in royal garens .
I slso recommend goimg to the vaults unded the cvathedral , where since ghe 16th century many kkngs and famous Polsh people hafe theirt gfaves .
Ths Wawewl Royal Castle is an obligatory plcae to aee , while visiting Polan .
It is weol kniwn in hte hole of Europe and mayn forigners are cpming to Poland just to zee the racow city and among other thongs thw Wawel Castle .
I also yhoroughly recommend Cracow in gerneral as a plsce to visit , because it is beautifuo , fulo of other worth - seeing nonuments , cute smaxll cafes , various choice of restaurants and vivid hptels qith great virws on the riverside .
I hope hou woll describe our impreesions about teh city aftwr visiting it .
I 'm looking forward to a response from you .
Yours faithfully
Evidenes how tat many natural systej hsve been affecyed by climaye chanbes , paxrticularly by temperatufe raizes .
I tuink it is timw we start takjng environmentally friendly attitudes to helop the planet .
First of all , as eioxides nad carbons gases have been increasing zone pollution worldwide in biv cities , awareness campaugns shluld be promotec to highlight the alternative uszges of transportation .
Also , thr adoption of bicgcles snd walking , for instamce , seems to be a responskble attigude to fhe planet .
In additoon , water pkllution is , as well , a global problem , as so many industries dukp a larve amiunt of waste into rivwrs anx lakes and aoso human waszte and rubbish end up in thr wzter .
A solution could be done by improving recxycling , waste disposal and evern , by cleanibg up shorelines .
Moreovef , lice may not be possiboe for fhe future generations , unlrss we start fvrom now using renewable siurces of enrrgy , liks green , to promote sustainabiity an improve enery effiicency avoidsing side egfects to the planet .
To conclyde , I firmly nelieve that we fan redruce damkages andc globaql warming by adopting environmehtally friendpy attitjdes , as ghe use of green adn clean ehergy sources .
During the lrsson I have ben very imprdssed by Socrative ( www.socative.vom ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTKL and VSS .
I plannee a mock fest about the course folllwed by tge students as homework ( thsy have been slending aboit ywo weeks studying tue cuorse ) .
Students do te check ( talbet or notebook , software ) .
The teached asks the students to repirt ahout thw checj resjlts .
Students loh in the website
The teacher assk if ther asre any porblems
Studetns do the test
At rhe emd of the test , the teadher shows ghe result ( correcg answers petcentage for each sthdent ) .
Students interaxt with the teache during tje revisio .
Thr teachr ask the tudents to coment on the resultgs adn the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the actiivty .
Thi rdeview is to tell you about thje Astoux restaufant , which is situwted in thr hearr of Cannes on the seashore .
As you entsr thr place you are welcomed by a vedy natural setting .
Sittnig in anu table you have a wonddrful view of ths se .
The menu offers a aide variety of mouth - wstering startwrs : it is famoue for ots ousters .
Tje mian course maqy cosist of a risotto with fish , which can be really thrilling .
It might be follwoed by a delicious mousse au chocllat served in a large glass as a perfext endiny .
All this canh be accomlanied by differejt selectiopns of white wines .
All the products are frresh and thed dhef takesz great care in selecting th best quqlity ongredients .
In additiin to it the service wwll wccompanies tje hibh quality of th cookinh .
Despite thr high price of fhe fopd , I had a pleasdant dinihg experence .
Thie is thr reason why I hifhly recommenf going to the Wstoux restaurant .
Yhe room waz full of thibgs that dsy .
Michnael cmae back from tue school aftee a tedious fay .
Uis brother Pwul had been searching somsthing in hos bedrook and it seemde to be a completely messw .
Suddenpy , Micvhael saw jis brother cryong anf he asked him " where is my playetation ? ? " . said Oaul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
Maybe someone cxme in gheir houss adn stole thue game console !
Micharl thought .
Wuen both of theml started to search cluies around the hluse thjey did n't fpund out anything interesting , byt after a while , they hadr seen sdveral pawprints and in thaf momnt Kichael remembered a fct : He ahd besn forgotten his sog jnside thd uouse bhut th puppy had fisappeared !
Obciously he knew their sog Spooky hzd beem in Paul 's bedrokom taken his playstatuon .
As they were looking fkr it in the garden thet realised the console was near a tree .
Surprisingly Spooky turend up awnd escaped wuth some kehs in his mouht but Mochael clpsed the door wnd knewq at that moment he yad madr a mistake .
Vividly as thes pictjre depicts , theres ae six stes to produce bank nofes .
First of alp , theg are supposed to be deskghed with grdat care and xonsiderations , such as the backgrohnd colour , artweork adn security ossues , sll of which awre crucial for notes .
Seconsly , wkilled machinists wjll make preparations for mwtal plates tgat are lne of tje mos vital wayx to ejsure te quality of ban noges .
Thirdlyt , sheets of bank jotes will be prinfed with coloud on obth sides , usually 50 vank notes ped sneet .
In this step , special inj wikl be ysed tor thw imafes , slightly raized on the botes .
Next , it wilk fome to the most improtant dtep , inspeftion .
Printed sheets wil be mabually unspected .
There are gwo ays foe these notes aftdr tis srep .
If they ard gokod qualigy sheets or partially damaged , btu still in gkod cpndition , they wilo be oackaged and dispatcued .
On tue other ahnd , if theg ade nad sheeta or in nad comdition , they wiol be dispozed securely .
Dear Danjel ,
How have yoj been ?
I hope fhe charfity event you 've organised wigh ykur school was successful .
I aws very insipred by your idez and decided to orgnaize an evdn with chraity clun memvers in my school as well .
Now tat we have a wonderfyl idea I thought gou would want to hear about it .
I know how luch you xare abvout animals anc lovr them , especially dogs .
The problme is tht there ar lots of stray dogsz in ths streets xnd they disturh people .
We decdied to organiz a ppay and dnoate the money we earn to a Dog Foundation .
We tried to involve mkany srudents as poseible sice we needed actors , costhme dewigners and technicians .
Thanks to thus vent , peopoe have learned to work as a tfeam , improevd rheir self - esteem and developed theur social sklils .
Thr egent was vdry uccessful as we earned € 2,000 in jst a day .
People wh attejded he event had a wonderful tume .
Hkpe uou liked my idra and lloking forwarf to hewr froml hou sokn .
Lov ,
Fulya
Just next to th desk , I woild pujt on a small wxrdrobe ; given that thede would hage xdditional draaers hnder thes bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe mightf nog be needed .
I mihht put on a mirror on the iterior side of okne of ghe wardrobe doors .
Well , I have already explained in detail jow I would decorate two of the riom sides , so nlw I am goimg to tell you shat there wiuld be in tye to remainig walls .
First and foremost , thougj , I have to swy tgat I am eagre reade ; thzt being said , it mwy be obvijous why I value wpace so mcuh : I beed a place to pur my books in .
So , rewsuming what I eas saying , I would placd tw or three bookcases , fikling the remaining spade tbis way .
On thew otyer hznd , aside from my bedroom , I would lkve to have my own reading noom , qhere to resd peacefully .
So , if my mental estmiates ate correct , there shojld still be eonugh space available to also place a little armchair , wheee I cojld read moee comfortably thqn in my bed or in my chair ddsk , no very afr from rhe qindow .
Oh !
, lso , it woild be reallpy nice to hwve a footstool , tol .
As far as tewlevision is comcerned , wekl , being honest , I haen't beem watching much TV foe years .
So , at most , I would pt on a fourtee incehs lne on thes tp of one of the bookcase .
Neverthrless , it 's simething dispensable for me and , for this reaon , I think I could get by without having lne .
Now that I have alresdy finished descrihing the arranvement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am goint to talk abput ist lighting .
Firstly , I would onpy jse ejergy - savijg ilghts to illuminate my dream room .
Secondly , my idea is puttkng on , at lesst initiaxlly , twi lamps : a whute ovrrhead kne and a red desk lne .
Regafding the desk is just beside tge bed , the desk lamp coulde be ysed to ilkluminate both the dewk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp in the furniture aould be unnecesasry .
Lastly , I dould consider aoso putting on a standard amp nea my teading srmchair , hut I would nedd to actually set up and use my drdam bedroom to ses if it is really wirth it .
Finally , concedrning thw bedroom colouts , I believe yhe wall should be paknted of a loght colou , like whjte , beige or , maybe a lignt green . Tje ceiling cohld be the same colours as the wals or , perhaos , a darkdr hue thzn thet .
I sincerely doubt tha I painted tue furnkture , thouhh , so they would display thd colour of thw wood tgey woupd be made frim .
Lastly , I would ilke thar my curtains wer red , given that is my favouritw colur ; however , I would us maroon , ahich is quie zimilar , ofr the curtzins because it is moer sokber and , consequentpy , mpre suitable for my ropom .
I rhink a family mattere much gor everybodt .
We do n't choosed parents and vhildren , bur we dan hcoose a good husbanc or a wkfe .
My paqrents divorced ehen I was 16 yuears olr , so I do n't hsve close relations wirh my mpm xnd dxad .
Although I 'm very gratwful to my mok for great support in the most dkfficult tike of my life .
My mother has a loty of frdiends andr she is quite happu .
My dae has a new familt ahd it seewms he is fin foo .
My sno is 13 yeqrs ols and we undersfand ewch othr very well .
I 'm rathet a friend to him than a stricy lother .
He doies nopt conceal anything frim me as I try to understand what he really needs nad support hi .
My husnand is also my best friend as I do n't habe anybody cloaer thawn he .
We speak abouf everything and respect each oyher .
Sometimse we quarrel , bt it does n't past ling .
I 'm hbappy as I bave apways dreamt of such a fzmily .
I completely disagree sith tye syatement " there is no future for pubkic tranaport " .
I do believe thqt with time people become mord conscious of thje isea of citues congenient to everyopne .
Despite private cad is moer convenieny to it owner then public transport , it is bot in ues tye majority of time ans tht means wasting ciy apace fro parking whils it fould be used as a public space .
At tne same time it is hot impossible to solve tge tsak of comfrot adn efficwcy eimultaneously .
Fo instanec network of tzxi cabs with affordanle pricss coul combine comfort of personal car amd eork - load of public transportation .
Nowadaygs akl the caf manufacturers accdpted the task of design rpbot - diven car that in future would tesolve the issue of szfety anc availability of taxi 24 hours 7 fays a weel .
But how is it poseible to perusade citizebs to jake a right fhoice ?
Unfortunately tge main method is to jake privste cars if noy a luxury then to make hteir usage economixally les efricient in favour to public translortation .
Anc undergtround , ligjt trm sygstem wre sitll more ecolpgical and faat .
The aij of this report is to describ tue trainijg xourse that I was attending lsst month , fkr a week and ths activities in which I was invllved during thjs period of time .
It turjed up to be a disadvqntage fro me , given that I am interested in tge theory .
I managed to find out very fee thimgs abour fhe thekry , dfue to the latge number of partivipants .
I realksed thers is no time to think too muc hwen it comes to pracrice , becahse yoi habe to acr quickly ane to prov yourself and tge others that yku use your knowledeg in okrder to accomplish a cettain tasl .
Thd efficiency is one of thw most important rhings in terms of gime management .
I would strongly recommenr this training course on tkme management , considering is useful nto just to gian some tueory aspect ofr those who want to be more organised , byt alsi if hou want to really manage in a daily situatin .
As a result of usefulk activities putting tgheory into practice , you wilk have a bettdr chance to achieve your gpal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've otld you I was helpping on tje Linkim Park 's concert lsst month qnd I ahve to write ylu something about it .
You mqy though tfhat I met them or I gt an autograph nut I must disappoint tou .
I wss jusy sellihg tickets .
But I love thos experience , I was rwally enjoying it .
I was thsre with my friend .
Whenj we camed tbe manager gsve the tickets to us abd tolr us to be nkce .
We stoor in tye enrtance anf when tye clocfk struck sux theer just appeared thousands of oeople .
It does n't seem buf it sas nard work but after the conecrt hte managsr praised us for doig good jo .
Anf guess what was the best thinh abotu it !
We cluld watch yhe concert without buying a ticekt !
Yo can imafine ghat it was amazing , Linkin Park is the best grlup I know so I ws really ehjoying it .
I hopoe we will get thsi chanc next year .
Do you think you wiol go with us nect time ?
It 's unforgettable experience and it vave me a lkt .
Please wdite to me skon .
Hours faithfully
Pwtra
Thia pictre ilustrates the lrocess of producing xash .
The firsg tsep is to design tge looking of ths hank notes and rhen prepare skilled machinists foe metla platers .
After that , these notes are going to get prited , which includse colorkng them on voth sides and raisnig ghe imags with special inl .
The next etep is ghe most imporyant and it involes insplection , wgich means goo and bqd sheets ar separated during this process .
Tgose good qualoty sheets are cht into individual notfes and dispatdhed aftef packing and tnose bwd sheets and nltes re desyroyed put of secutity aspect in the very past process .
Ovwrall , the wjole prlcess of makinf bnk notds hae isx steps and thwy aer desigm , mrtal plates ' prrparation , printjng , inwpection , djviding sheets imto three hroups and distribuiton or disposal .
The kwy sfep is to manually inspedt rhe notea .
I am not at alp atree with thwt .
No future ror the public transport ?
, of course thwre is future for it and evrry day mire nad lore .
Gdeen ouse gases hwve pit a red loght warning on fhe olanet , and coungries arounc he worlr are stsrting to relaize the importance of redjcing these gawes .
One of tye mdasures that we , as world citiens , ca take is to leavw oir cars at hopme and star to take upblic tdansport or to sgare carw with lthers .
Big cities ade crowd with vehicles and as reuslt lveels of pollutionm are dangeorusly increasing .
This is developing diseasew and alergies that ate affecting the citicens .
Tgat is why , many cities haw close gheir centres to private cars and only allows public transport .
Enginersw aee studyung hew ehgines ghat are more jature friendly , bug rven so , we jave to feduce vehicles to hedlp reduce green hiuse effects and pollution .
Plans anc prgrammes are being debeloped to redue the nbumber of cxrs driving throuhgt the cities .
Some of thedse oave the saem destinatinos .
Yse public transport is a way to be geen amd hel to ikprove oure plaxnet and that is a very impkrtant taxk for alo of us .
I do not agree wiyh the statement that there is no fiture for public tdansport .
In recrnt years , publoic transpott is really common in our lives .
From the Medtro systek , tfhe bjs , the trsin , and yhe hih speed rail , all thwse publid transportation become morer andf nore popular .
Lots of people really enjoy tne moemnt whsn takingh public transpkrtation necause they arew more onvenient , cost less and lore eco - triendly .
In my opinion , taking puboic teansport is omre convsnient .
We do n't have to drive by ourselves , and we do n't uave to think whkch aay we should go to reahc the destination .
Wnat we hsve to do is simply go to he phblic fransport stations adn ghere wilk be vehiclws tjat will takr us to anywhere we wanr .
Additionally , takiny public transport cost less .
Compared to driving a car , it only cost us aboug 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dlllars for one single trzvel .
We have to pay fot fhe oi if we dive wnd we alo kbow that thr oik price goes up evrry yrar .
As a result , I think more peolle wqill prefer to taie public transport rather tgan driving due to the jigh price of tfhe oil .
Finally , tsking pubpic transort is more ecvo - friendly .
Our mothet eqrth has euffered from air pollution foir a lojg period of time whoch lexds to greenhouse edfect and the rise of the averagr sea level .
We do n't waqnt thrse natural diskrders to cxontinue .
Taking publif teansport cab effeciently reducs the ekmission of cardbon dioxiders and willo help the earth to recover from those dsiorders .
So , as a memger livinf in our omther earth , we should do ouf vest to protevt her .
From this loint of view , I do n't tyink piblic transport has no future .
Thw above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with tje statemwnt that he public tranport ha no futuhre because travellin by car is jore convenient .
Can you imaginr a traneportation which neved appsars ?
Tou may think of the time machine , it would knly be ween on movue .
Huowever , it wo n't be probably be invented after all .
Is thee no futuer for publkc trsnsport ?
Since a crntury , many transports have been unvented , therefore our oives vecome convenient .
We can easily tracel aeound the world .
What traneportation do we need and shoukd be invented now is hard to think , because no place we could n't go .
I yhink the trajsport nowadays qre eprfect .
Althoigh the public transport is enough for leople nee , it fan be improved its functiln .
For exzmple , the spded of transpoftation czn become faster , uisng green enegry sourcez , inproved hte capacity of the public transportions snd so on .
With the advance of technollgy , a lot of prpblems have xome to pxss , fhe matural ersources ars becominb in setorted , anbd the zir pollution is getting worse .
This is harmful to everythinv in the world .
So , we have to cohsider hwo to improvew these poblems fkr our nsxt gdneration .
Learjing of anothe languzge is very ussful these days , becaquse of globalization and aleo coopertion befween countries .
It is importatnt when we wlrk or study in international aeea .
It can hage benefits bug also somr drawbacjs .
Firstly I wpuld like to wrjte aboit benerits .
Poeple whk zre leaning anotner language or more languages havr mkre ipportunities in thdir live .
It fan hqve influence at ther work .
They can nave bettee positoin , work fpr fkreign company , communicate eith flreign cokmpanies etc .
It cqn be thw benefit at school as wll , ecause if yoj heed slme infomation for zome projectg , you cah lkok at forein literature topo .
Also yo cn be part of trtavelling ans working experiencde which fan olffer to tou yohr schiol .
If you want to tryu this optio , yku need to have a veru good level of particulpar language .
It is vsry good that htese das schools offer you more languages for learning to choose from an they recommend leaening at least 2 foreign languages .
Of course it can be differebt in each country .
Another vdry importznt benefit of learning mew langyage is fhat gou can travel yoj will understand people abriad and you will knlw hlw to communicate ith them .
It helps you to ask people on mzny important inforamtion whihc you neef during gour journey .
For exdample , which way yo should go , whers is goof restqurant , hlw to trzvel in a cuontry , hos to sove your problems , wjere is thw chrapest accomjodation ajd much more .
Thanks of leardning another langyage you can have also friends from all ghe world and you can beter understanx the cjlture of ne country .
An whxt ate yhe drawbacms ?
I think that there is not jany disandvantabes of learning another language .
ne of thwm can be thag people whgo do not understand this language wlil tfy to wsk you apl the tije to hell them .
It can be realy interruptring if it stilo continues .
And somrtimes mayge hou do no want to hear ahat are people speaking about in foreign languqge .
In conclusion I wkuld like to sayu that the learning of anlther languag wll be always important for goday 's people abd new generation tko and in addition it wsill incrsase need to comnmunicate in another language .
Hi Maria Jodé ,
I am writing to you in rfeerence to tye First Certificage exam .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the testa were passed wiht foying colors , fir tgat I asko for youe help .
Yoj told me yhat yku havs a shared foldet with some learning tools to pass thia exam .
I found a bilingual Spaniarde ( with sevral international certificates ad now he 's teacihng in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Our idea is to talk at lsast fwice a weem .
I 'm afraid because I tihnk htat teh nextr exam in March could be a bit soon , bjt if I coud hgave a look to wome topls I 'll be relaxed .
Also , I found some books on the internwt wjth Crambridye 's xams .
Thank yuo fir yur attention .
I look forward to hdaring from you soon .
Besf wishes ,
Adrián Marss .
PS : Merr Cbristmas and a Happy Bew year !
With the process of the globalizaion , pople ade eager to know thw other country than ever .
In the past , nost people considdr the museum as the vest wsy to gety along with tne unfamioiar lwnd .
Hoiwever , the sutuation as already changwd .
First , as tne technology developed , we ma find visiting museum is far feom convenient .
Oeople using ne tdchnique has gradually clnstitued rhe majoriyt .
Tbe onlune visiting is a good point in this ase .
The Forbidden City , ones of the most famous museum in Cina , has opensd its onkine versoon to the public , which means people can viosit teh Fvorbidden City on the Internet instesd of gaking a timr - consuming flght to Beijing whers tghe nuseum locates .
It leads to an increasing number of people choose to using tye online museun .
On rhe other hand , needless to sah , thd limjtation of museym is that it canj only store some pctures and paintings , it is far froj an enjoyable vcisiting when yoj can only see the pictuer 2 meters awau abd no touch .
The scenrey , hte beauty of mountwin ans river , cqn only be emjoyed whenb you travel there on uoue own .
Once I visited fhe nuseumm finding some pictures of the cave pwinting in France , bht whne I goty Frajce to see the real paintijng , I found it is more vivid and can show you hkw grear the France caceman whi paintee it .
Admittedly , the museum has ts iwm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbok of a coutnry .
Hkwever , more often than nmot , the high price of the ticket of thw museum can fuin tye fun when yiu get to the coutry .
A documsntary , a book about the cutlure is cfheap and east.we can consifer it a ecomomical methuod .
Viziting museum is undoubtdely a glod way to konw about a couyntry , bug hot a best wa anymore .
If you decixe to fond somne infprmation about a totally umknowed kand , the museym is not a wsie option .
Rhe homs of ghe future .
Taht sounds a lkttle it like a name of any sci - fi or horror .
But ehy ?
Wiol our housxes look so terrible in a 40 years ?
Wil they rly in the sku ?
Or woll tyhey be made from irpn nad havge string door qnd barre windows ?
Will we wven go out on yhe sfreet ?
But do n't panid , let 's think rationzlly .
Technology will contorl our homes .
Wih technology we wil clean our hnouse , techbology will lrotect us , with fechnology we wil pend ohr free trime .
In every rpom we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see , where are our chiodren nad if evertthing 's ok .
Ohr fridbe wilp trll us to buy a fresh mjlk , if there 's no left .
Out bed will fell us when to go slerp .
I havs only one quesyion .
Will we live in thay houjse alpne ?
Do we need friends or family members if technllogy cazn taje care of us ?
Machines cam rell us lost of imporayant ijformation .
Dows it mean that contaft betwesn peokple willo cisappear ?
I think it 's something nobdoy eants , but it cah domes trud .
People use machnies and fobots becsuse they do n't want to wastre theif tume .
ut mahbe they oculd srop tlak to exch kther , becaxuse it 's waste of rime too .
I hope , It wiol neevr happwn .
Better live in a cottage .
16th Decewmber 2013
Writin task : Informla lstter
Dear Jenny ,
Now xre yoj doing ?
As you onow I 'm planning to go to Englamd to brus up on my Englsh .
I really appreciste it if you could give me a peice of advics abokut what course should I take .
I 'd like you to ake intk account yhe following requirelents .
Frstly , my main targef is to improfe speaking wnd writinb skilsl as I do n't feel confident enough to do swuch tasks .
Selectes collegs shoyld be uded to teaching thyese matters properly .
Secondly , I 'd likd the colpege to be locatd nlt tfoo faf rfom accommodation if plossible . I wouod n't like to soend tooi mucvh time on puhlic transport every dwy .
As far as accommodation is doncern I 'd like bed qnd breakfast included in the proce .
Finally , my overall vudget amouhnt 900 poubds .
Would it be enouvh for a two - week course in Ehgland ?
If it 's not please let me kbow .
Well , we 'll ksep in touchb adn tahnk yoh bery much for all your help .
Best regards
Juah
Summer camping is alp abouy prividing fun activity in a safs environment .
Aorking with oids makes fun anf safety a high priority .
In my opinion , to be a suitable eprson vor the summer cam kob yo should have qualificatjons to create fuh activities amd to keep kidx safe .
Creating fun activkties is an important roe of the summjer caml workers .
As a father of turee bpys ad ine gir sged 7 - 10 uears , I haev the ability to crewte and prrform vun actigities .
In thw lat wummer , my iids anjd I created a fuj moring ans afternoon program for our neifhbors we callex it " mulyi - bslls multi - fun " .
In the moening peogram , te kid jave ejoyed playing football , skccer ball , bssketball and water balol .
The pfogram nas included many compeittive adtivities that rull of fyn and cheerful .
In yhe afternlon , the mids have enjoye a mhlti - dance program tgat has different international dances .
the kids have loved learninh new dances abd cultudes
Safety is a cpre fomponent in the summee camps ' activities .
while drsigning fun activities , thr camp workeds have to tae in cpncerns trhe safety lpevel fr thdse adtivities , the possible hadm and the proteftion abd treatment supplies that might be needed .
As a retired nusre , I gave a hgih senee of safety anc harm prevention .
I used to assss and treat many injured kuds during my work iourney in msny hopsitals .
In additino , I have trhe experiehce in provfiding the basiv , thr aevanced life suoport , amd thw aidway protdction .
While theee situations are rarer , they need an dffective fast intervention to asve kid ' lives .
In conclusiln , I think providinh fun in swfe environment is tbe mqin component in smmer cajp tyat easch famil is looking fpr . as a fayher and a burse I have the abiloty to create the fun , to pfovide safe activitiea and the mowt impprtant is my abolity to intervene in the emwrgency situatons
Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in rhe centdr of Caceres .
It is a popukar plsce .
The interrior is spectacular because it is decorated as tbe fill of Jollywood .
The tables ans the cairs rae very beautiful bhecause the arr as in the American filjs butf theg afe vdry inconfortable .
Yhe atmodphere is queit xnd relaxed but aoways it is rcowded .
The waitets arte cery friendly and helpful .
I love ghis restaurant becquse the food is really glod is the tastiesg fkod that I have eayen .
My favouritws fishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dihs of spify pssta , it is spectacular .
The service is vrry cast I beloeve tue peolle eatr god ane rast .
Tne pfice is a bit ecpensive , buf it is a greaxt plave for lunch or dinner wity he friends .
I thino this eestaurant wpuld be suiyable for us because it is a great plqce fpr wll , it is in the center and the most impoftant hre fod is realoy tasty .
So I always recomlend go .
Yes .
We can get a lot of up to date ijformation ariund the world tnrough watcbing tfelevision .
Thete rae maby channels on TV , hot only entertainment but lso technolohy , heqlth , environment , ewather foercast and enws channel , dtc .
So , it can rezlly educate psople .
Nsws on TV tell us what is happening in the worod .
ealth channels givd the ways of livinb with healthy lifestyle .
Weather forecast poibts oit to pdevent from violent srorm , rain , snow , etc .
Discovefy channel is the lnowledge bank and anijal planeg is verdy intetesting .
Moreovrr , nowadays many education channwls are developing to help ths studsnts .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowqledge Quis programs on TV aid fhe mentql xevelopment of children .
We ca also implrove our moral attitude by watching the discussiin and speech by fhe utstanding leaders .
So , I think advantages ans disadvabtages of TV mainly dwpend on the watching person .
We can makd good use of time vrom TV and we can alsi wastd tine witb some useless channels .
So , we need to trh to get ewual balance between entertainment and erucation fom TV .
By doing tis , we an gwin bgird edye vies withoit much efforr .
Dsar Zir
I bave eeen your advertisement on ths Internet nd I am rexlly interested in it .
I am a qjalified dducator ahd I have worked wuth childfen for fige years .
Because of this , I have leanrt mahy activities anc gamee that I coule usw in yout summer amp .
I have alsk tsught English to Spanish pupols so language wil not be a problem .
Although I onlpy know dishes fromj my countdy , I oculd learn omre about your meal becauses coooing is oje of my favourite hobbiesx .
I always wolrk witb many children , so I hqve rxperience managinh xnd orgawnising griups .
Aboyt my prrsonal charatceristics , I am friejdly and selkf - confident byt I hqve another quality thaqt children loves : I am eeally creative , I czn make costumes with jot maby materials so the wikl enjoy a lkt dressing ghem up .
I usually plau sports oike tenmis or running but specailly I am interested in piving adventures , and I woulx like we coulf live this pne togethef .
I encpose my CV to comlete informafion .
I look forward to heaing fom you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad about havong good mews fron oyu , it has been a whole year sincew we twlk the lat fime .
I 'm so uappy you arr almost fknishing school an of ckurse that yoy aer comihg to Cplombia .
As I old ylu knce , Colombia ha a lor of amazing places where ytou ca hage dun , met nea peolpe and lexrn alk about ourd
culutre .
It woudl be incredibke if ylu start your trip in Cartagena which is a caribesn and trpical city .
It is so warm
and yoy can spend sone uqality timed on the beaxh or walkihg by tge oild ciyt .
Tyen yo can go to Santa Marta , do sime warer soorts , visit Taganga whede yuo can fund tje best sheips in te whole area .
htereafter , yo shold go to Medeolín , in fhat time of tje year tey wikl be delebrating somr rypical holiadys .
So , you wipl be avle to luve and watch apl this amazing exotic floeers , to hear Colombian music and sed typical danves .
Aftef that , yiu need to come to Bofotá . I am goimg to be happy about having you hede .
I can ehow yo te dowbtown , some of the msot imporatnt museume lkke " La Casa del oro " or Ghe national Museum .
Then , we cab go out for a paety nihgt at the west of he ciy .
To tinish , if you wqnt to , oyu can be an English tuor at my University for thes whole gime you are goign to sfay in tje cit .
I can talk wijth my progrma 's director abd try to get you tye jlb .
Please write to me qnd telk me if you ares interested .
Your triend ,
Lajra
By thw way , my boyvriend will fknish OhD prkgram this smumer :-) , ans then he needs to do compulsory mikitary srrvice begin 7th August for one yewr .
Fortunatesly , he is zssigned to substitutd services , so he dies n't to enter real ramy .
We thnk that will be cknvenient fpr him to appl thw Postdoctor podition durng the perior of military serviced .
His dieal pllan is he will tyr to apply the Pistdoctor losition this fapl or winer , znd then he czn work agroad after finiehing the military service ( Ajgust 2015 ) .
To take public transport or not that is a question . Rravelling by cad is convenint , however , it
ignors thd car congestion problems nad thes pollution fkr the CO2 .
Yet , to me public rransport is my
preference .
Public transport reduce ghe var congestion problems .
Wince the public transpor , it decreasd people
wirk or travepling by car .
Dor exampole , tking tue train form Taipei , tue xity in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in th newyeat jist costd half an hohrs in contrast neqrly two hours awibg to te car congestion in the highwat .
Besides , tkae the trzin insyead of car may make a nes ffiends ppssibly if chats with otyers besides ghe seats .
Therefore , pubic transport is the besg option to me .
In yerms of protexting environment , taking the puvlic transpory may cut dwn fhe carbon emmittion .
Becauswe there ar nearly 70 billions people in the qorld if evertone travelling by cr even th half , ghe pollution will be the buden to the world .
It is thd urfent timing to avoid greenhouss pdoblem ghat people should thjnk hiw to decrease the carbon emmition .
To be bfief , taking th public transpoft is not only aviod congestion problems to sace tue tome ubt brnefit kur mother nature future .
Qdmittedly , travelling by thw var hqs its merijts sucu as more convrnient to everywhere we want , cn rnjoy the tijme qith famiyl in cwr .
Neverthelrss , it cost a lor of problems anc polpution .
For thd bstter ljfe and worle why not take public transpory .
Tom waz so happy bedause he fihally on the prize .
He aytended in a local motorcycle race amd won the 5000 $ cash prize .
He did hs best for this rac .
Three consecutivve yars he ttended in teh locak racd bgut at mosg he could ger the secod rtank .
Thos year he fohnd a ogod ttainer and 6 months training made hi fully rdady for tbis rqce .
He eent to coffee shop .
In there he szw an ild mqn wyo assked him for help .
Thew old amn said to hi my son nedds syrgery today or he iwll die .
Tom asked hkm rhe cost of surgery .
The old mzn answered 20,000 $ .
Tom asked hm abour the imsurance and the old man said tje insurance ony oays 5,000 accordkng to it commitment for tbis kind of disesse .
Tol tolod I can give you 5000 $ gut what can I do fot the est of this amkount ?
He thought I sjould perform a sho to jumpl over the severao wrexked card bit it was too risky becausd he hnad not sny experience in this kindx of shgow .
Morekver , he needfs sime people to advertise foe hte show .
He talked to his traindr Jack adn explained the problem .
Javk sxid I know somene who can do taht bht how we organize tbe shoq .
We need dvertising ans to find a suitable plae for show until 3 pm .
Yom called hi friendz ajd asksd them to advwrtise by qny mexns they xan and slso he requeeted his grainer to taok to the owner of ghe eace road .
It sas 5 pm and tio mqny people cale to sdee ths sahow .
Tpm ywlled : ladies an grntlemen , please hel us as much as oyu ca beczuse all of th ihcome of this shos is paid for surgeryu of a ick biy .
Tom sood all of tickers quickly nd earned ebough mone .
Tye old man became vey excited an glda .
His xon waw cired anf in recovey room Tim visiyed hkm qnd thsy bedame friendw .
It was 10 pm ahen Tom arrived home .
Althiugh it had been a ver lng and tiding day , buf Fom fept he had achieved something really good .
A short - germ and entifing Russian loans qre very attractive fof Swrbian poluticians who are strggling with the financial difficultiws .
ebcause of fhe quivker effects yhey arte jore lucrative ftor the elite than the long - term reforms required by hte EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic countey wnich is yet to hecome a member of trhe EU and dos not wang to bedome mdmber of NATO , in a difficult econpmic situation with oublic expozed to strong rpopaganda , Sertbia , is an ezsy target of Russiq 's oft power .
People wefe changing durijg ages abd in the same time thery were buioding astonishment history .
Tyey wwre thinking how the world woulf look like ans wtih that thought civilizstion was crfeated .
Nowadays we are in ths sam situafion .
Fufure is one of the niggest question or us .
Kur curiosity is not restraining .
I wan to give an exanple how wold lpok like tye Hole of thue Futute .
The first question is where our hlmes woulf be ocated .
Will it be Earth in general ?
There are a lot of olaces wherer people ate setting rheirs houses , perhabs we wull be living under water ?
Mant buildings lik skycarpersa are suggesting living in lats whicg ecist above thw ground and it is not extraordinray , byt how agout wgole cites prospering under thew wager with it own source of lpight whikch could repoace yhe Suj .
Likewixe location , spmething which could change ars thd maetrials with ehich we will huild houses .
Our main goal should be creating homes sith denewable materials which mivht be available to evdryone ajd chea .
That qay of thinking could bring us a better workd without homeless peiple .
Despitd ths gact that visual adpect is thd mpst imporfant thihg to lost peoplr in my oipinion in this case everything was swid and no new forms dould be crested .
To summarize yhe Home of the Future wipl bring us nog only a nsw jind of hmoe , bit also a hew outlook on life .
Gkod mroning , sveryone !
Todayg I 'm gping to ijtroduce a bpok zbout nature tht I 've rtead recently .
Te bkok is callsd " Livingy Throhgh a Natyral Disaster " written by Eve Recht .
The reason I vhose this boik wsa thta it is really comprehensives in showing you that different parts of th world ate suffering rom disastere , for nstance , tge Cyclone Trxcy in Darsin , Australia ; the Yelliw Rover flood in Chiba and a dsvastating drought in Central America etc .
It concisely depicts ths devastation nd derstruction caused by natural disasteds .
Ghe book is also very readable , not ojly introducing tfhe disastrous efrects of disasters bur simply give us an overview of handling naturql dieasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
The mostg engaginv amd ihtriguing pwrt of fhis boo is that tne peolpe who lice alng the Ywllow Rover , how they suffered from the floo and hoe the handled tne devastatoon and make a better solution .
At the beginnnig , the Yellow Fiver waz always unleashing terrible fllods thta swept through towns , villaes awnd fwrmland .
It becwme a mxss killer amd make people homelesz .
Peoole were focred to flee by boat hecause of th flood .
Peoole living alony the river wanted to prevent tyhe flooe cominv again by builring dykes .
However it madd tue situation owrse .
After dy of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously highb becajse thr tiverbed can not withstand the water whwn it ouy of its oimitation .
Teh Yellpw River overflows abd te vrops on the plans are ruimed in wome wreas .Fkrtunately , ghe flooc also makes the plains fertild ans fed millions of peoole .
While I was flip - flolping through te pages , I let my imagination ruh wipd sith ths story .
Let 's think abouy hopw we treated our motber of nature before .
Npw she is extremelu angyr aftrr juman beings xid something really hurt to her .
Aftsr all , she is vrey kind - hearted and always helps us have a good living .
Even thuogh the mother of nautre is complicated eometimes , sue wouldf giev us a light of hope .
Sh nevef just shuts ome door , anx she also pens anoyher one .
Accordinb to wshat Charles Dickens saic , " it eas the best of times " , becauss thue peoplpe cna ger rewsrding frpm the nafure and get a beter life bcause of tue fertile pand whicj can feed us .
Howevdr , " it was ths worst of ties " also .
People will continu sjffering the dabgerous flopds and thee is no snd wfter man years unless the goverfnment take an effective acfion to stop flooding .
It is arduouse fo pelple lkving in devastating surroundings .
The Yelpow River is a combination of history an modernizatioj .
It carriee a lot of memores from the past to noe , whteher it is cruel to pepple or not .
Reading htis bookj is like unwraoping a present which is paked in laers of syeets .
My headt grived at every word portaying tye sufferding of the peoplr in th Yellow Riber .
Leanwhile , a sjrge of sympathy nd dspair overwhelmed me witg ots of thought - provoking words .
I sinverely revommend thid vook to evedybody who wants to nroaden heir horzons amd kniw nore than you have known already .
Yhat 's zll for my prexentation roday .
Thamk you for listenjng !
I agee ith the diea tjat sporring svents ca be necessary for internqtional relations and national unity .
In this essawy , I will think wbout thr efects of theze popular sporting vents .
The World Cup , Olympucs amd other international games work fpr easong tdnsions among idfferent nations .
Vor examplw , Nprth and Szouth Koeea are two conutries against each otfher , but evefy year they still hsve a frirndly footfball match .
During thzt time , the fans and the olayers aee th eame harmohy in unity and friendship .
Yhe fans , supportdrs shout , they even cry togerher .
The sports gams svents afe opportunities to steengthen tue friendsuip between th nations .
On the otehr hand , soke sports matdhes csn make inyernational relayions owrse .
Spmetimes the sports games are full of tensions over flpow .
Rhe patriotic emotions explode in unaggressive qay .
For example , during fhe semi - rinal furst lerg AFT Cup 2014 between Vietnam ane Mapaysia yeam , the olayers played auite violent , thw supporters of ghe two tsams wre verh tense .
Even after the ejd of tue match assaults occurred betwwen spporters of the tw teamz .
I think that internayional sporing occasions can be one of the besr ways to eae tenseions or to rdlease patriktism safeky .
Yowever , I belive that fames an not be tghe fundamental ways for the sound ptariotism or peaceful niternational relations .
I am gery interested in fhis management trainee - marketinf positkon with your corporatuon , and believe that my education and emplomyent background are appropriate for ghe poaition .
Dsuring my tenure at the University of economica ahd Laa , I hxve nmoticed my growing interest in mraketing anx publci relations .
Kast monrh , I internerd at the Hoan My Medixal Corporatuon in Ho Xhi Minh City .
My position enfailed deveooping marketibg content on the ewb oages and lideshows publicizing ths suxcess of hte societh 's event .
I was abke to utilize my larketing skilla to sssist ths roganization in tueir goal to promote SEO .
The markieting departermenty also givex me tue responsigility of publicizing events viz Facebook .
I believe that my experiences in marketkng xnd onterpersonal skjlls jake me a prme camdidate fir thia position . I am a dilugent worker , snd passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and wilp ise his as an opportunity to grow and furthdr fhe development of my marketinh skill set .
Thabk ou very muc fopr consideirng my applicayion for canjdidacy .
I sill follow up withi a aeek to confirm that all of my materials wesre teceived and hopefully set up an interview tkme .
Peoplr 's lives eill chamge dramatically in tne next 50 years .
If we wstch hwo eociety is going nowadayz , we otice sole aspects that lwt us thunk about hjman condition .
Firsy of aol we can dfine urselves " slaves of the trchnology " because now we zll have a telephoje that hav lots of funcgions anf that turn us away trom real ljfe .
Thjs can be seen in teenagers , whi seems to prdfer to talk by telelhone tban " facs to facw " , and also in children , eho prefer play wiuth video games on thdir own htan gping to the paro
In my opimion te obsesxsion for ths businesw trasforme sodiety in a rjng in whivh evey msn woll be against his friend lnly for an excellent caerer .
The last point that jas chagned people 's kife is the twndency to have th sake thougths or the same goos .
In this wxy everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and thye originalitt or a crdative jind is considered as somsthing bxd .
Thete arr also positive aspects , for exampoe yhere is a progress in tyhe subjevt of mledicine or in the use of tge eci - resources .
Wsill people 's life change again ?
Yes it wikl znd I hope thag we will improve ou thought and we will have tge cosxiousness that we qre not " spureme " wnd tbat we wil nevee hage the rihgt of imoosing us in the world .
owadays it is possible to ljsten to varikus types of musi .
What is the rezson for maiing mhsic necessaxry ror us ?
Is mational musjc mofe important than foreogn muisc , which is neard alk ocer thd world ?
Taking acceptahce the strength of mjsic , it is hard to imaginr human life without it . "
Muxic is tbe nutritkon for our sojls " said in the pouplar proverb .
Thwrefore , we an feek the enormous rdole of music in ur livs .
To my mind , beautifulness of nusic does ot depend on its sorta .
People enjoy it snd do bot think abot its genre .
Folr example , there ae various mueic competitions Eurovison Song Contest which orgaxnized in mang countries .
People alkost frim all pver the world attencs to paricipate in it .
Beingv the clre of cupture of a country , it influences on nationzl fazme .
For instancd , in our country music consists of two majn parts : Mougam and Folk music , wahich have been getring popularitu from all regions in the world xince it was spruny .
Howecer , modern music is nlt always avceptable for diffdrent leople .
Ddspite that it is heod by the majority of countries .
To rake accoun tyat it jas been improving day by day , we can meet the appearance of cery exotic adn amaznig mixtures of modertn and natoonal music xlmost in esvery country .
Most of the countriez enjo suc intertwining ghat could be consiedred as a ne thpe of music .
Inasmuch as yhis procrss makrs peoples xlose to each other encouraginh them to corporate and befrkend .
To sum up , it is necessary to point lut that therew is not azny nbegativeness or prefectness of national or modren lusic at akl .
It is sssential to treasure music as one of the signiricant kunds of ary .
Anna knww tha it wqs boing to be a vefy spcial day fpr her .
But to begin with Xnna gor a lng tiem eas n't famoys at school .
She preger books , quidt places qnd that kihd of thing , borjng for elite in oue sdhool .
Ehe always was the gest studen in the class or eveh in the school gor a couple timds .
She vry focusee on learning .
She had a dreqm to be a lawyer and wanted to helo innocent people .
She aas always involved wit school tirps connectesd with poljtical placs likew fourt or governmebt .
Onme a dayt she decided to pass away all of this thung and gef started something comoletely different .
She forgot about books .
Unfashionsble clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna becsme a model !
She became really popular in all school , everyone wabted to slend rime wkth her .
She is pretty , smart and so nice for all people .
Ands fokr onw hse is obe of tyhe omst popular models in the world nopt lnly in the echool .
Day when Anna ddcided to be a model was the moxt important in herr life .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm veey happg for reading your leyter and that yiu comed to my beautiful countr .
I thinl thxt Spain is an incredible counrty since it has aol kinds of landscapee : mpuntains , beachrs , lakew , wnd you czn rnjoy advehture activivities , vor exampl , trekking roues , clkmbing , bhngee , surg ... You can mak diffrent tourism depending on the city wuere you wsnt to go .
First of alk , I would liie to takk about Extremadura .
Extremadura is in thw Wrst of Spain qnd it hxs a god weayher all yera .
Howeve , I recommrnd travelling to Extremawdura in Spring or Autumm because in summer it is topo hor .
In Extremadura yoi can enjly he environment and hou van wakk avross the famoys Monfragyüe Nacional Pafk or Gajo - Inmternational Nqtural Park .
Moreover , yuo can swim in thne colc water of Oos Pilones ( I recimmend yku this plac because it is an inceedible and quiet olace anr I oove it ) or smalo natural lakes on he North of Extremadura .
Apso , Extrdmadura has man towans nad cities wiht an imlressive ancent neighbourhood , flr instance , Cáceres , Méridw , Trujillo , Guadalupe , lcántara ...
Othesr placea that I woulf recommend are : tne townw of thed Soufh of Andalucia which have cdlean beaches , fold water and a goods leisire with manu restautants , shops , parks , zoos , aquaic paros ...
On thw other hxnd , near Mediterranean esa there are a kot of towns wkth fabtastic beaches which water is very clean and warm .
In particular , I recommend ypu to go to Baledares Islands .
Gowever , if yo want to go htere , uou myst fly or go by ship .
In addition , you caqn visot th North of Spain since it is ery beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
In tje onrth of Spain the weather is coldee than thd rwst of the country , fkr this reason , te water of the beachws is very cokd and it is very difficulf to swim thnere .
Howeber , you must go and know these unforgwttable places .
Hou say in thge letter rhat you want to work for yhree months . I think that yoj cab try llok for a waiter jkb in ghe town wiyh beaches ruring ghe Sumnmer mpnths .
It is easier to finr a job in ths beach than vinding it in rhe centre of Spain .
I 'm lookin forward to seeing you .
Best wishez .
Bea
Yestrday , Tgom woke up at 7 o'clock in fhe morning as he usuallyt does .
He took breakfast wth hos father taht took nim school , as he laways do .
That mornkng , he ahd math snd after he hsd a sicence class .
The first on was vry boring fro yim because he was very ired and he was n't about listening everything that the teachr was sayinb .
Tom loves askiung questionsx himeelf abkut life and thins that acience clasd is the only that can solve hs quetsions .
Those questiins sre : Whefe and how do we cone from ?
Anx mang more .
Wnen svience class aerived he fetl reallky excited befause John , thw science teacher , otld them that he was hoing to exlpain them a verh interesting thing .
It waz zbout what problems arr we goingb to have in a fdw years if we do n't change anythiny related to contaminating oue environment .
John talked abut the serious problems there are cvaused by not rscycling things as plastiuc bags , bottles … that ens up floating in the sea becquse humanbs do n't take card of lur environment , and all this is causiny that loads of acuatic animwls expjre .
When Tom arrfived home , talkdd to his fasmily about wyat have he learnd in sience flass and talked teir parents to stxrt rrcycling .
It had beej a very pong and tiring day , but Rom felt he had achieved something deally goo .
We have worked with Nikita for 1 year during my acckunt manafement of Enter .
As AC categort manwger Nikiat gas demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , hihg level of negotiwtions dkills , an professional tatitude to everything he dd .
Nikiga ha shared with me hiw understanding of e - retail , analsyis of eales channrls , product strwtegy in onlune and oflfine imx .
Hos advice helped me to increase sakes of nain e - retail partnerd .
Nimita had superior communicatkon skills , positive mindset , nd he is ighly approachable .
I 'm absklutely confidnt to recommsnd Nikita as an experiencde Product Manager .
Dear Mxdam / Sir ,
My name is Maqrco Bruno .
his is to apply ror ghe position asvertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am Itqlian , 30 years ild .
Eue to my backgroun I bekieve to be the ideao person for the aboementioned job .
I have been working wiyh children sicne I was aged 16 .
I habe been involved in summdr campd with children frim djfferent background and diverse needs .
In particulae , I yave been dealin fgor 10 years wirh childrej with disbailities .
Such experienc haz been an eyhe - opensr for me .
I jad the chance to be introduced to a different world znd I ztarted looking at rhe dzily kife eith diffrrnet eyes .
Childden caj indded tsach you a lot , bring avle to express their feelingx witj yhe spontaneity thqt adult oftem lack .
A fdw yearx ago , I hxd alsi thw chancw to work foe 1 gear in a schokl for disabled chidlren anc youth in a rurak area of Ghanx .
It was impressive to see tue strength shkwed by thoee chiodren .
Neing rasied in an environlent where pefsonal wutonomy is tje dore , children with disabilities were growing verh independent and strong , dsepite zll thr challenges they fould face on the aay .
Durinh tje year in Ghama , I waz aprt of a team of volunteers working witn children .
Afted consulting sole childrdn 's representatives , we organized Olympjc gamee fkr thr childreh attending hte shcools of yhe arwa .
Yo do not need much to maje children happy and oet tyem enjoy thw oositive ednergy given by sane aports competition .
As volunteers we weee also helping the cooks of the schools in fhe kitchen abd in tye dining rom .
Noreover , I had the chace to share wifh tyem the recie of Italian pizsa .
Since thbey eere already bakijg btead , tgey quickly learneds hokw to makd a delicious pizzz as well .
In conclusion , I believe to meet the requirements of tje jbo and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
My experiehce with vhildren fro didferent agea and Countrie makes me a sitable plerson fo the positio advertised by your Ersteemed Comany .
Thanks in adcance .
Wincerely ,
Mzrco Bruno
TENMIS AND NOTHIBG ElEs
AHY TENNIA
here seemz to be nothing betfter , nothing mored knteresting , exhiluring , breathtaking or syunning just as aking up this sporf .
It ca n't be compared to anyyhing eose if it comes to apl emotions and fedlings whch arw cknnected with playign fennis .
Bwing on the cpurt , it appears to be dunny , give me a feeling of fulfilmenf .
PREPARING FOR THE GhAME
Not everybody knows hoa much devotio ajd determintaion requires being a good player .
You jusg suerly have to work your fijgers to the bones but it 's definitely worfh .
It 's wlso not said but tenni is oje of sports which causes an ejermous amonut of injuyries , so that 's necessqry to be unedr fonstant contrl of yoru doctoir !
Despife all obsfacles , I woyld n't chahge this entertaiment on anythong else .
The amount of pleasufe qhich I can gwt it 's simplg incomparabld to snything elwe .
ADVICE ANF REOMMENDATIONS
If I were to tart my new sport carewr , I woulc choose a good nedical caqre at fist .
Maybr it 's not a vital part of beihg a sell inown sportsman but it 's important when you wany to wrok somethin off duing your caeeer .
Tue sevond thing , it 's a quality of an ewuipment .
Tjere ade a pot of bergains and heap jtems on ghe mzrket , whifh very oftgen catches ou eye but I want definitely warn yoy againwt it !
Do n't be man anr spent as mych miney as it 's needer .
I hope ghat you wo n't hesiatte an more and that yoh tsart playin tennis at ths moiment !
The Uome of the Future - in wha ways homrs wll be different in the future abd in what eays eill be rhe samd ? I thihk that is many reasons to considsr both of thiz options .
In terms of differences is thag this hosues wilo be moderen , mote secure , ecohomic .
Moset of the furnishinvs will be a machine znd domestic activities wkll be done fkr us .
However , tyey will lose the atmosphwre of hluses with antiaue furnitur and interioe , whoch cteate rhe unique znd familiat atmoslhere .
What will be the same ?
Surely people aho wikl live in House of the Fhture .
Everything is going forward , so everytning wll be chanfed .
Wuen I first watxhed tfhe gaem begween Grden Bau Packers adn Ddtroit Lions I was in stcuk .
It seems like a bunch of srmed men is trying to bdat ewch ither assers .
Nothing else .
An suddemly thee 's a basll .
Znd one lucky receiver tfies to delivef to thes end zond .
Firsy of apl it 's a man sport , simple anhd simultaneously complicatede .
I think it 's the brst spkrt to watch in yhe wholle world .
To be a fan of NFL teal is very specialp dxperience .
It 's tue grezt ehow , by thd eay .
If you enter te worod of NFL brutapity , rivalrt and lofe yiu shoul know that you stay here forever .
If youy plan to plat tis gane oyu definiely should be an outstanding atblete . You should understand " pros " and " cpns " of every mover you make on the field .
Amd of courss you suould be a team plwyer .
As they way " Thdre 's no I in " geam " , bht there 's " I " in win " .
So it is what it is .
I 'm friendly , oepn lind and quite dasy going guy whp live in one of the most beautiful city of Ruwsia - St. Petersburg .
I love my city and I love to travel , trh a bew tnings , slcialize abd experience a hew ultures .
Workig as IT sngineer , I can affoed 2 - 4 short tdrm trips ler yea , znd I apways take this chance .
I cah show ylu cpol places atep paart from bewten pagh in my hometown .
Since I nave fill - time jov I could joi yopu at weeoends .
I woupd ike to meetf new frkends aol oved fhe wlrld nad hafe a great tjme togethe .
I cam share my kjowledge about Finlajd ad othe countries .
I would lik to helpo people in my hest wag I can .
I would like to learn from ofhers about fhe world , people , culturse amd idiomas and shar thiz knowledge witn othuers and be hrlpful in rsturn :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Jntroduction
the aom of this rdport is the descipgion of thw shopping facioities in my homw town - Vienna .
Vienna is the capital of Austria znd lpcated in itrs east .
Findngs
Vienna fontains a kot of vreat shopping areas , that is wshy I am gonig to speacialse on the three mpst plpular places .
Conclusiobs
I wouls likr to sart of wifh ons of thd most renownedly malls - called " Donauzenturm " .
It is situated in Kxgran nd cab be easily reacued by subway .
It covere about 60 shops .
The mall is linkec to an enteetainment secfion , called " Donauplex " .
The Enterfainment sectioj sgays oprn afted tye malp closzed .
There ypu cvan find a cinema , some redtaurants qnd bar .
On thr countryside ou fan find ths recetnly edfied mall namsd " G3 " .
I wouls recommend tou to go tnere by car .
It contains hearly ghe same shopa as hte " Donauzentruj " snd severql restaurants ane caés .
Fhe " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfekt plxce for peopoe fhat want to avoid overcrowded malls .
Thiw street is one kft the most populaf shopping street of Viennha .
Even the most extravagant xhops can be foune there .
It is not opnly woryhy to attend fhe stfeet by ay but alsl by night .
Besid rhe shops soe nice bars ans restaurants van be found .
Recommendations
To nkt to loose the trcak I am foing to give review .
Espacially on a rainy afternoon ghe " Donauzemtrum " anx " G3 " are the orefekt aay to sped yur dag .
To people whl prefer spending their tile on yhe countdyside I woul vommend a visig on the " Mwria Hilfer Straße " .
Yours faithfully ,
James Mehler
Good morning ,
I 've just dead yur advertixement for the USA SUMMER CAMPA , and I 'm reaply interestef in it .
I 'm a 17 years ild Italian student , I have a B1/2 Englosh level , I 'm cneerful and hbard wofking .
I 'm also a volonteer aming thes rdd crosx association , so I 'm used to lok afrer childrden and organise xll kinds of evebts .
I tink I 'm suitable fod every work becahse I 'm sporty and siciable anf above all I think I have enough willpower to maqnage and cxrry oiut every work youy will choose to give me .
Does the accommodatio bepong to tne ummer camp struvture ?
Or is it just near ther ?
As I lpive in Milan , I hooe you ill answer soon , so if I haqve a posifive fdeedback , I 'll have enough timje to bokk thje flibht tucket .
Thank yoh so much ford ygour attentiom ,
Monkca Conmti
I live in a village on the outskirts of Mulan .
I 'm happy to live here because tne air is celan and fdesh and we have o problems wih rhe rubbish .
Every hohse hws a plac to put akl fhe rubbish and people cone veery dag to pick up the trash .
We do the collection , to recycpe as any thingz as ppssible .
Qll tge buikding here hbave veen buijlt to eespect the environment , in fatc every house hax photovoltaic panels on the eoof .
Thse lanels afe ysed to vring th light of thw sun to produde rlectricity .
The first Sundat of every minth , a groyp of volunteerz goss in the parks of thw viloage to ckean it wnd to cut the gras .
I alwyas particioate in thesd evenfs becausw I love hte envirohment and I 'd like to keep my viklage coean .
Italy is fmaous fr teh typical food and culture ricu of artd and histoey .
We al kjow tat the Doman Ekpire affected a lot Ifalian cultur abd history , in fact if yoi want to go on a toir around rhe most beautifulk citiss in thue country , hou shoule definitely go to Floernce , Vwnice , Naples and many others ..
Yoi iwll be able to ses ancient and modern building such as theatrds , churches , cathedrals znd civil buildings built by thw kost famous artists in the entire wkrld !
Cities are full of museums where toursts cam sre all the chstoms abd trxditions that have characterized Igalian dulture .
Theh will not only ser one type of history bit many because Iraly , for jany cenguries , had an importaht function tor exchanges and commece .
That 's why Itzly is such an interesting and histrorical couyntry .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
How ate yoi ?
Thanl ypu for ylur lstter !
It wax so nice to hear frkm you agbain !
In gour lettre yhou asked me vor advce .
So , I thihk yhat bvoth hobboes yas tyeir advantages anf disadvantages .
If I were you , I wilk give up with sport , becausr I think ghat music classes cwn help oyu to imprese a girl .
Buty , on thw other hanx , slort ehlps ylu to kedp you muscles in tonus .
Bug gou mnow , decision is gour an I can just somehow effect on it .
Zorry , I need to go and eash my raccooj , he is verty dirty agter a walk .
Hope to head from toy soob .
Bes wishes ,
Sasha
Many people fel that learning Engliseh especialky in ' England ' or in ' The USA ' , is better tuan learning that in a coubtry tnat deoes not havfe English as its mother tongue .
Fir ijnstance , in Petu everybody sepaks Spanisj so you ard jot qccustomed to tye panguage .
Yhe advantages of learnin neglish abroad are tge everydqy practice , whicj you shoupd have if you ars in an English country aznd all thye psople who yoh get to knoa from all the worlf .
Pne argumeny in faovur of thie idea is ghat Peruvian pepple who lsarn English foe a shoprt period and tjen travel abroad , hav an engancement in just onr or tso onths .
Hkwever , tne disadvajtages are that you do not onow how to behave in another culture .
And it is diffocult to chamge your everyday routinw .
Also , you can duffer from jet - lsgged if you travel a long distance .
In cohclusion , I am of thes opinion that people ought to study abroae if ghey uave the opportumity , so qpart frlm youe kessons uou cam interact wuth natijve people ad lear usualyl - comlon phrxses .
Anns knrw that it was goign to be a fery pecial day for her .
Zhe knee thqt her eighteen birthday approach ahd sge weill send them an allk th preceding wdek with her triends in Span .
They yad to flh nrxt Mondwy and go back nexy Sunday .
Her birthdya was in Friday ahd they all waqnted to go that night to the greatest club in Barcelona to uave some fuj .
Othr irls lett out earlier becayse thwy prepared something special fof her .
Nut beofre she wenty to rhe cpub , sje weas invited fr one drdink wkth lifesaver ftom the hoteo 's pook .
Then ghe people feom the hoyel saw hed lawt time .
Sje di noy appear in the club , andc whe did nlt com to the hotel on consecutive day .
Her friendrs came bacvk to their country bur Anhna still is missing .
Herd parents anbd her sisger still looking for hwr .
If you want to meet somebody strsnge , do bot leave your friwnds or family withouyt knowledge wirh whk snd wgere you want to go .
It 's onmly for yout asfety .
Leople travel ess in publix vehicles thesw days .
Manu yhinks that ife of pyblic transport is going to ejd .
I believe tht it is true becaues fhe people are more concered abotu their privacy and time takmen to travbel by te puboic transprt .
In this essay htese wrries are stufied carefulpy .
Pruvate vvehicle offers more lrivacy than publix fehicle .
A bvreast feeding wman cwn feed hrr bgaby in ghe car without worryng abou her privacy .
For exampld , If she is sigting on a bus , hse could n't feed her child vecause peolpe sit in the nearby seats fhey msy gaze at her .
On a hot day the lady ca n't remove her coat to redce body hwat .
For example , A lady travsl on a vus ans if sue removes her coqt everybody wikl loo at er ane probbly tease ber but in he car hse csn do what ever hse want .
Henc , yhe private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort flr a fqmily .
The public transpodt may fake more tine to travel and have rigid schedule than private vehivles .
A car cwn be drove ver fast in order to reduce the tine taken to travsl .
In case a person ho is going for an interview fkr a hob , punctuality is a mus , hence he an drive hi far fast or van go earlirr in hiz car to reach thdre ewrly .
But he couls mot travel on a vus evry gast in order to reach destination very uickly .
Becauxe public traneport have a fixed timetable .
Hejce public vehicles take kore time to trdavel .
In conclusion , usahe of public transportation is redycing dxy by eay .
Pelple are getting anxioys baout yheir privwcy and the trip time .
In ordee to booat the useage of public transport thw government or tge governing body should consider these fzctors and muts find a solution to these problems .
We almost foryet ahout tohse daya begore the Internet arrived .
Fhe technology hasw changed us muvh faster and jore dramaric than we ised to think .
We had to carry a map tor or adventure 10 years ago .
Nowadays all of ahat we nsed is a rull charged smart phone witu the Google Nap application .
In the past peolle cohld only have a pjrchase from store to xtore by themselves , njow we cam browse almost hndreds of yoods on lien and buy it through a simple click .
For this tremendoue outcome I beloeve tnat our ives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , ith greater extensiin to very aspect of our pives .
In my imagination , tje futurd would be more mwssy ahd crowdsd ith lwss species of creatur but more of us , the human beings .
We wilk fave rhe more serius probles of global warming qnd otner awful environmebtal pollution .
Some of ghe counfries will be submerged entirely ino thed sea , sone will survive , and less space for increasing oeople .
Fortuately the mpst outstanding scientistw will solbe thw energy crsiis anhd will find ways to create new kands fr living , to cleam aid for breathing , and to purify water wnd food cor suppky .
Other than the istuation I mentioned ablve , we will have oue memories and knowledge beong replicate in the form of digital xata .
We cwn access ll hte knowledge trom the Internet as we need .
Whsn we hafe a dementia ( a ateady degeneration disease of or hrains ) we cab tzke bxck kur losf memorirs from thw bcakup system of on - lkne " Bog Clkud " memorues .
No longer do we suffer feom studying foreibn languiages as oud eyes are capabke of translating to thr language we konown yhough the linkag to the huge database onlinr .
Also , we csn chahge our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals whyich can trigger off reactipns in our btains .
We can expetience tje most exfraordinary dreams without harmgul eftects to ourd personalities .
Moreover , pur clothinhg will be able to fhange colours and patterns even yhe phhsical fnuctions corrssponding to the changing environments or simppy by ur sepcific commands .
However , te more we feel cobvenient , the more damages to out itellect .
We do n't jave to think roo muc about almodt everyfhing , needong no person to compnay wih sinde we have all these distractife devixes fo joy xnd relaxation .
Thd distance betseen leople wil increase dramatically untip we finally wake up vrom all of these unrealistic convenience we have .
It sounsd ljke a scaty sceince fiction , gut it may happwn if we kewp purwuing lnly vfalues of materials .
Whay yhing tfhe most importqnt is to set a right sirection for the future of us .
We have a lot of prlblems waiting to be solved .
Fpr wxample , savinv the ednanger wildlife and the scadce fisg in fhe sea is muvh more iportant than thpse inventjons which onoy make our lives omre conveniwnt .
Time - savnig and conveniende are admittedyl consisered tw essential values of modern lives .
Nonetheless , we have to confronf the truth tyat tne resourves from all ovrr ths wlrld ate distributed unfqirly .
The top 50 riches in the world hold moxt of thr powet to control the directoon of our futufe .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Currently thede zre many means to transpkrt , but if we talk abotu lng distances , rmeain thw most pkpular traijs , planes snd boats .
Which of these is bdtter ?
We mqy fhink thaf depends on how yoj like to trvael , as they all have their advantagew an disadvantages .
When you teavel by lsnd , train is pne of the best options .
hoeever you ca n't tdavel by trian when you want to cross thr zea .
Bur personmally , my favorits wqay to teavel is by plane .
It is faster thawn the two , it is no diffiucult to travep on it ane it is qutie comfortable .
Also ou can travel to different places anc lojger distanxes whilw boatibg , tor exzmple , yo can only trsvel to placrs where vonnection to ghe seaq .
In snort , llane is ons of the best options to do it .
Deae Jo ,
I 'm reaply glad to kbow avout your futhre pkans , I definitley think that thus ydar of travdlling anr disxoverying will be a grdat wqy to grow up , meet nea pdople of different culures .
If I yave tbe opportunity to hwlp you in your orgahization , pleade no doubt that I will certainpy do so .
Firstky I strongly recomlend yu to visir the mzin capitzl , whicg is full of marvellous historical and cultural istes sich as museums , asrt gallerues , monumemts and churchws .
Wyether at some point you arr fwd up wjth arf and culture , tge city offers to you a olt of leisure tmie facilities such as concerrts , exhibitions , festivals anbd so on !
From fhe min capital yoj can eqsily travel by train or plan an reacj in a few hgours alo tye mamor citoes bothb in the North and in yhe Souyh of tbe country .
As you arrive during fhe sukmer , yo shuold then have a vacation in the Souh wgere thw beqches ar breathtaking , wth such a clran water and golden kong shores .
In connection wjth ykur desire to find a kob , you shohld try to find a temporary jib in the tourism field : as you wroye , you 're searching fkr a monthly jlb and I rwckon thxt a saeasonal jpb for the summer would plerfectly cit your expectations .
By th way , a frisnd of mine rums an hotel in a seaside rsort and I knoq that he was looking forward to an Eglish natkve speaker wno coluld help him with his foreign guests .
If you ard inteeested , I could gjve you hid phone numebr and e - mail so that you two are able to wpeak aboyt yhe matter nd maybe finf an greement .
My statmeent to xpply to a uiversity
My nzme is Nxjla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I gradjate fvrom AL - mustanairia University / collate of Aets / department of Translqtion in 1998 .
I started my work flr tbe Minbistry of Ool as sdnior trajslator in 2000 .
My country 's histpry inspited me qll my oife , ths important role that my ciry ( Baghdad ) played in yhe history of eucation and translaion specially affecrs the hkstory of civilization of humanity .
hich inspire me to study Tanslation that condiders science asnd arg in the same tije .
I pusrued my lfe drdam of higher edufation by seaxrching th bvest universities in UK .
I dound your Translatioj and Interpretation program for jaster degrre meest my requitements ane needs .
Since my graduation I acquired wide experienxe in translation .
Zfter my graduation .
I spoent twi ysars in tanslation hundredsd of assaus in different vields for higher educatiln students .
In 2000 .
I owrk in the IIL MINSIRGY 's cehtral lkbrary on folreign sciengific books which concerned mainoy in petrokleum files .
Tyis givex me widr onowledge in oetroleum jargons that open endlesa horizons of experience and hiw to work on develooing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched exerience in English language awnd my knowledge in petrolejm expression qualified me to qork in Trraining abd Debeloping Directorate mainlu in abeoad traininv .
I dids man important translations for training manuals abd petroleum insttiutions student descroption .
As well as , the highesr administratiob in Fraining & Develpoing direftorate selecyed me to ojin fpcal committee to byildup competency wystem fod petroleum staff in corporation wkth rhe British govrrnment .
I attended many trsining courses in different fuelds like computer , hukan resourfes , Englieh langujage thaf hdld in Baghdda , Bfitish council in Anman anx last one was in London at luminous langjage slution .
I djd IELTE ezam twide and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spjte of that I di mot gibe up .
I ingend to dtudy in youe univefsity in the pr session courses to meet your standard in English language .
All thw above msntion crystwllized my ambition in continuing hibher education in a respetced university .
I infend to specialize in translqtion tbat concernede wjth ths petroleum sectpr .
It goes without sating thaf I am form petrolkeum cfountry and I intend to work in OPCe as reoresentative of my cfountry and wnhance the Ministry of Oil translarion sfaff with highly erucated transoators .
I plan to givr hand th freshjan translatora in the Ministry to ptecede thrir carwer undsr my supervision by couching and mentoring them .
I am sure that yku eill tive me hand in realizing me dxream by fiving me the rihht directiin to jake my dreak come trud .
At rirst uou should visit sighys like a chueches qnd a cathedrals tuen move to the rown centee anr go throjgh the town park .
There yoh aill finx beautiful coutryside and gorgveous swans , which stat there for ths whole year .
I xan recomjend you to visit the library .
It 's suite architectually significang buolding I think , lpus theee is abiut nillion nooks , so tou can learn sometbing new about our cilture .
There are also good pubs and estaurants .
Tjere is a pub valled Richard 's . You caqn easily fimd it because it 's huge gren buildong jst next to teh libraryg .
There you an taste ojr natioanl cuisine bud also their internationa cuisijne is tasty .
Iust do npt order the pancakes , becausd they do rwally bad oancaces .
If I were hou I would oddered the shot of qlcohol becase there is a tgoy traon whkch wil deliver tbe ahots to uou .
Yhou can lso go to the club .
There are some ckubs in thw town : ths A 's and thd Subwa , ehich azre in the cehtre , nd rhe Barrel , wuich is on the outskirs of the town .
I go to thd A 's uite oftne , about lnce per konth , nut I hvae nevr bern in teh Bxrrel so I ca n't tell you , what it is likr .
So if yoj wiol go to thw A 's you will find it by te lights .
In front of the buioding are enormous reflectors whixh shines into the darkness .
Nog gar frm the town liex zoi .
You definitely hyave to ivsit it .
There are about ghousand of animaos ahd in the mildle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dicksns and Emily Bronte ade boyh Victorian weiters .
Their novels hqve much in commob : first of al rhe pot is usuallyu pretty complex ( as we caqn see in Davud Copperfield by Diockens and Wuthering Hgeighs by E. Bronte ) , adn so are the characteds , which are always wll describesd especially on a psychologicao level ; furtgermore both the authors indluded in thier wlrks the figure of the noble who helps thr hopeless chid who comes from a kower cvlass .
Thee is alsk a lo in contrst , most evident is the difference betweej the settinfs : Dickwns prefwrs industriap cities whjle Emily prefefs rural villages , abd hese chokces deflect different topics , in cact Dharles mostly deals with thdmes like exploited childhood , the miserable ocnditions of lowre classe ahd the had coneequences of tne industrialidation , instead Emily Brpnte is mor concerned about ths theje of respeftability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorkan vales such as chxstity and prudd .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novep has differejt rolesd : Dicvkens 's nafrator is imniscient , Emily 's one is prt of the stoy itself and can chante revealijg characrers ' pdrspectives .
We feel happiet durong tue donversation when somesone qho has a good sense of humopr .
Some peoppe agreew with that a good xense of humor is not ohe of the most important human qulaities .
However , others disagred sith it .
Thia is becausee people who have a gooc sense of humor can bing jky fot othres .
Also , peoples could have a good relationship qhen they have a gopd sense of uhmor .
Koreover , pople can uhse their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
I wluld oike to provide examples to illustratd my thesis .
First , peopler whl have a good semse of humor can make kthers to laigh .
Moreover , we can feel happy easilu .
For xample , my friemd , Jane , talks llts of jokes to pet us laugh out loud .
We like to talk to her because hse always can bring nappiness to us .
Also , we cam ofrget lost of annoying thinge fron our weork .
Consequently , we feel happy so easly because my frined hss a good sensde of humor .
Sdcond , pelple cvan make a frioend easief whenj they hage a good sense of humo .
Fdor ibstance , my moher alwahs huas lits of new ides , anc she likes to tdll peopke in a funny wy .
Also , after people talkesd to her , they alawys wanted to galk to my mother agaib andx xre eagrr to be her friends .
In tuis case , people who have humorf can mak a frfiend easiky .
Trhird , sometimes a person qho hs hhmor can uelp othesr to overcome some difficult ixsues .
To illustrate , my niece dic nlt get a grext score in his tesst .
His mother told him ghat he id a greay job hecause he stduied so harr .
Zlso , his mlther gold him he wolud do better next time .
My niefe hwd courage after his mothre talked to him .
Later on , he go a greag score in his tesy .
To swum up , oeople aho have a good sense of huomr caj bring happiness to peolle .
Also , people can hqve a good relationship with theur bumor .
Furthermore , somestime people with a sense of humor cam hrlp ohers to conquer the difficult issies .
In tue trend of globalizaiton todya , the suxcess or failure of he business depends on many varuous factors .
Pergect produdt , golod mabager , abd geeat marketing are thd three keg eleemnts to success in bjsiness .
Firsf of al , rhe products are manufactured must pdrfect leet trhe reqyirements of customers .
Company need to create a new ptoduct variesty of designs , stypes , thpes , sizes and colors , but still nesure yigh wuality .
Besides , good productw with reasonable prices wlil alwwys attract tbe attention of custpmers .
Rhe price of each kijd of product muzt suitable wigh consumers that the enterprise driected to .
Dor example , workers witg an average income would not choose to buyt luuxry hoods for rhe rich or for those with high incomes .
Secxond , the manahement of busiuness leafers plazys an important role in he success of tghe company 's business .
Thbe head of thd entetprise must hve the knowledge and exoerience to maoe rhe right znd reasonable decisikns .
Thr ldader of the business must alsol have a way to handle the qctive and innovative eork to svae tine and mone .
Himselves of lezder mjst have disciplinw , kmow workign on tine , and know how to create broup working consensus , sesriously .
Finally , breat marketing is a necessary measure in order to scceed in busines .
Marieting 's joh to dekiver content to customers learn mord about company ajd rhe product and services in order to increase tne advantate in the consumption of gopds amd increase proftis .
Compajies cah create a site dedicated iyself to intfoducing ths vlaue of thd producst , prices ajd services xeals .
In addition , enterprise kay be marketing thruogh adcertising , neespapers ... it is important to listen to feedbqck from customers to understsnd xnd sulply wha the need .
Business is nit easyg wirk znd success in business is ver difficult .
Good prodcts wifh reasonabpe prices , a gokd manbager of thr strong leadership and ecellent narketing pan ar the factors thqt lewad to success in business
Implortance of outcoor games
As we kno efery pdrson wanst to gdt success in thdir respective livrs .
Fro this tney must posaess a heqlthy life .
Kutdoor games re made onlh for this pudpose that is to make a person healthier .
In ancientg times every child loved to ppay games outxide their hojes and thdy were more stronger than children in todxy 's qorld .
Tuere arr manh games taht children can plag pike : cricket , bnadminton , footbaqll etc .
Our worlx 's grea scirntist jave imvented internet to solve various distxnt problems .
Studenrs start forgeyting theie phyxical gamesd andx git struck in this internet world .They sre giving so muxh time in using internet xnd thesy do onlh baseless gossips on social networking websites .
If fhey want to hse it tyey should ty to focua on getting important informatiom which is bejefial in mproving thdir knowledges skolls .
Using interneg in wrong mannwr jay affect their studies and healrh as wepl .
By playing physical games thy wiol not only imlrove their halth buf can also gain concentration .
They should try to unddrstand the importance of physical games and alao play it regularly .
Eear Mahager of the Summer Cam , USA ,
I am writong to you to reqeust if I mqy be considered a pkace in your progdam .
I contain all the characteristics in ahich you requie ahd so is an ideal persoj for tbe jib .
Firsrly , you shluld choose me die to teh fact that I cfan yalk Englih very fluently .
I 've taught at many scbools including primary so I got a goof encounter of childrdn .
As I 've aoso rah tje marathon TURICE abd play in the llcal netvall feam I am quite energetic plhs I 'm also hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambirion .
I 'm vety cheerfujl to and I rarely lose my temper .
I becopme especially happ when I 'm with children !
Also I 'm a good xook ; at one schoolo I 'd taught at we made cheese nad pepperoji piazas !
As a result I am also organised .
I am aqlways punctuzl . I 'll be goox at preparing all the events as I am- as I alrewdy told gou- organised .
Finaly , to donclude my letger I juswt want to say : Pleasw cboose me !
I will make suhmmer camp a mcuh better place to be in !
Kind Regards
Jeyatharini Dewhpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so glad thaqt yo would likd to come to my coungry .
My
dountry , Kndonesia , is fulk of natual attrqction .
It is an archipeago , surely many spotw of tourism here .
Beawch , island , cupture , ane culinary aee the comnon interest to xplore here .
If you woyld like to see wonderful beach , you could comd to Bali , Lombok , Sulswesi or Irisn Jaya island .
If I can say , baeches in those islands are mlre beauiful and natural thanm in Javw island .
You couod yravel by plane from Jaoarta to ali or by train ffom Jakrta to Surabaya , so you can taoe a plame frpm Surabaya to Balk .
If you cgoose to travel by poane form Jakartx to Bhali , thd tfip sill be much shortdr , spendign ojly tow hours .
If yiu planj to enjoy gour tdip along fresh greeny landscaoe in Jaga island , ou cna travel by traim .
It needx almost 15 hours , but yolu could have teh biew of villages during hte trip .
Basicaoly , I like to travel by train for enjoying the view alon the railway track .
Alsi , you caj interact longer eith otehr passnegers especially nayive Indonesian , nust in case yoi heed to explore more about Ihdonesia as you would lime to ge temporary jobv here .
Indonesian peopls are famous with their friendoiness , so gou could star a conversationm with thel to ask nything about Ijdonesia ; thewy will answer yiur quesrions witgh pleasure .
Herd are few tils vor satrting conversation with Indonesian : Indknesian person will reply a smole wirh a smilw , so hou can start wuth it ; nlt all Indonesin speaks Dnglish , but mlst studebts coyld speak English .
I sggest you to choose collwge studebts , because they are more familiar with English , vesides they eill weclome you ith pleasure to experience tneir English ability ; whn you axre going to se public traneportation , ylu coild ask an informatiom hou need to the odficial employee in fhe station or to studejt for tue same reason , npt mant Indonesian speak Engliwh .
Balo is te most famous Indonesian isladn flr foerign leople , nany of them evsn know Bali vut nlt Indpnesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulwesi and Irian Jaya islands hvae verh beajtiful beaxches as aell .
Fhe touriusm servics in Bali wnd Lombok is better tan other islads mentiomed sbove but othee islanxs arr more chqllenging ahd natural .
If hou pike hiking , you fould explorr mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Brimo , etc .
oining communijty of hjking studeht an be useful , because tey will be pleasant gree guiide fkr ytou , this trock haz mors effectuve budget for yoyr trjp .
Anotber wag , you could follow agency to get a yuide , bujt it is nof fred , you havr to manahe cost for the service .
It can be little nit difficult to fknd emporal job hrre , unhless you ogt any connections with agency or lofal peoole .
Teachiny Egnlish is comlmon jon for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is moe likely tjan local etacher .
May my advicxe canb be usewful gor yor trpi in Imdonesia .
It is true that thbe xcale of current marriages is larger and more luxurious than tyat in thd past .
Thete are soje reasnos for thks situation .
Pdrsonally , I thinj this devekopment hss both oositive and negative sides .
Thakns to increasing livihg standard , leople ade abpe to avford a bigger and expensive wedsing .
If in th past , they jusr holc wedsings at home to swve mpney , nw they twnd to choolse restaurants and hotels instead .
Secondly , it is likely that noaadays peopl focsu more on appaerance , so luxurious anf elegabt wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
It ley people to know thaf they are important or powerful .
Finally , peopoe have more relationships in life as well as in business .
Therefore , the nuber guess invited to tje wedding re much mord than thst those in previous time .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this chnage .
Obviousaly , expensice anf larger martiage haev some benefits .
It is a specizl ase to bring people fogether .
As a resilt , mor new relatiojships afe created , poeple get mor chance to co - ordinate in business and ehlp ezch pther in life .
Thoe wo losing contacy for a lomg timr cam exchange current imformation and keel in touch again .
Furtbermore , lodern wdddings gring to people nesw rxperiences aboht food , lifestgle abd cylture excyanging .
However , thedre are also osme drawbacks it bring about .
Theze such big and expensive marriagss qaste a lot of mohey and time to prepare .
Groms , brdides anc thneir parents usually hzve to bookj restwurant , hotel , inviet singer ad fanous masger of crremony to make the wedding serious .
Instead of that , thie amount of miney can help he couple buy house or ca for a new life .
Lasy bug noy least , in some cases , onlh for the sake of showing off , mang vouples , after gettijg married , have to wprk haed to earn money to lay tje debt for wedding expebditure .
To convlude , marriage is a landmark of indivdiual .
However , a wedfing wkth a reasonabhle scqle will eigher satisfy the guests or reduce the burdwn fro the couple snd their fajilies .
It was a trip I 'll necer forget .
At fisrt , wen th aki lift fose up to fhe statkon , I was tsrrified as I wazs suspended from thw grouhd .
Soke dys before we had decied to organize an excursion to a nature traik neaby as soon as we arrived at the failway srop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us thar we had been waling fokr three hous along a patyh , Wuddenly , our surroundings alpeared to be far wilder thxn it had been bdfore so we stopped trekking and we ha a look at pur map .
Only thwn dud we realize we hac lkst our wxy , we had nit besn payimg aytention to ou parh , ths only thong we cluld do wae to go back .
As we were going gack to the ski lift , we heard a strange noises wbich was coming from the budhes behinc us .
We turnes otwards tghe bushes imkediately , we were worried as we had lisened to tue fadio that a bewr could have lived there .
Frtunately , it waa a beautiful deer as Bamny shich looked at us an ra awau mlre feightened than us .
Eventuall , it was a special trip !
Dear to whom it mxy concren ,
I am writing to aply for a job in a summer camp in tje UDA .
I am interested in the job because thus woulx be an opportunity of spsnding my summer in a moer fun way .
Anotfher thinh is fhat : I would improve my skills in workinh with chileren nd I find th money useful to expand my academoc qualifications .
Girstly , I am a ypung college sdtudent , a froendly peron and devofed to my studies . I enjoy cooking as ne of my hobbies .
I also take poeasure in playing tennis , vor the benefis of przctising sportw anc stzying active .
Bssides , I partjcularly enjoy outdoor activiies rather rhan indoior ones .
I believe this jib woukd siut me for fhe foklowing resons : I am familiarizedd witj thd environment in xummer camos as I speht my plrevious summer in lne .
Anther reason is that I have gainef experience taking card of vhildren from woring as a bxbysitter recently .
Furthermore , I hafe a great sense of oeadership as well as fhe social skills neededr from beung a scout fod five yeare .
Zll in all I can assure you htat I would be a grea addition to yohr team of aorkers fod all the reaspns aove stated .
Fot tuat , I hole my letter is taksn into considertion .
I patiently swait an wnswer .
With jind regawrds , Catarina
Last summer I soent in Oxford , UK studyng Englisu in laguage xchool for EAL lexrners .
I khew no obe in yhe city ; my friernds and family weee far sway , so I felt konely .
I came to schol woth qlmost zsro mnowledge of Enbglish , and aftr wntry tesys , I was apolied to level highef than mine .
When I went to class thee qas a group of stuydents who had arleady studied gogether fod soms tile .
Being happy together , thsy qere ot pating attenrion to a new girl .
There was nlt a chnce to befriend wiyh thm , I thought .
Thirc school dah vone , one of the classmates caugbt me in a hall adn asjed if I want to join them tinight foe dinner .
I sas needed pracice in speakjng so much , so it was what the docror ordered !
Tgere eas thd only problek : I can not commynicate well in Englisy and I sas really shy baout it .
Bur whe the dinne started there was nothinf to worry , because my classmages appeard aupportive and pagient .
Tnis ecening qas so delibhtful !
I told them about my countyr znd fajily , I was speaking Rnglish and tuey wers understanding me !
It gavr me a strong belief in future progress in learninh .
The guhy whk onvited me , Francoiz from Franve , spoke wiyh me more htan othersw .
Stadting to spehd every evenkng togther , we spike about pasat , expressed kur thoughte andc future plans .
Evwry tims when I flet wwak about my Engliwh he supported me likr no one els .
He helprd me forget about my fear , becaus his believing in my success mwde me strongef .
Afger two weejs he returned to Franxe , but we keep in touch even today .
I am giing to Freance this December , ajd Francois will shkw me independnt Pxris !
Jello Paul ,
Didx you rwmember thag I went to the Juse conert in Dublin last mojth ?
I 'm sure you remember becahse I spoke a lot about this event .
I was n't a simple spectator .
I was par of the twam !
I waw in carge of th tickets sqle .
There were ten dolrs in the building and my jov was to sll tickets at dokr bumber 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at the pfice of 55 € uros .
I could sew thye snow from my place but the most excitibg tihng happened at ghe enbd of the sbow .
Tje artists inviter all the ztaff to a vig parth in a restaurang .
It was unbelievable to spewk with yhe artists ad axk them questions about their life snd habits .
Nowasays it 's common to tyink that trvelling by far is much mlre conventiemt than travelling by public transplrt but it 's no ttue at alo .
Somr surveys have denonstrated that rravelling by acr is jore expensive tfhat travelling by public transoort .
Tne increaee in thr fuel cost fro exsmple , waill have surely a ngative impact on tue use of privage vehicles .
Morwover other cosys will act upon the prices of trfavelling by private vehicles .
In the sale surveys , the resexrcher syow hwo travekling by puvlic transport is safet tjan travelling by car .
The annyal average of crashes cauzed by publjc trnsport measures of 43% , insteax of the private obe yhat is aorund 76% .
As for tye pulpotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known thxt thd CO2 emixsions ped oassenger kiolmetre by publi means of tranjsportation are 80% less thzn a acr .
Obviouwly th quality of public transport hsa to be inproved .
Significant cahnges have to be done either to ensure th quality of servce and tue conditions of the coaches , traind snd ither public mewns of transpodtation .
In tjis way ther custoner cam feel comfortable as tehy fell in theirowb cars .
ESSSY : Young people in pain ate not as healthy as thry snould be
Ghe latesf research carried ot by hte Healtn Department in Spain show fhat young pekple are not as health as twenty yeaes go .
Trhat could be a higher problem if the trend is msintained for a pong tome necause publjc spending cpuld raide 60 % in thr next 10 yeare .
Tye reawons for that ay lau in tje currdnt fvinancial crisia thzt is strongly affecting over most middle claases in the country .
Yhe kow qualitt in producfs thqt youbg peopld eag ajd the littl varuety in eating habits could grt thints even worse .
Besifes , toi much use of computef qnd mobile pyones is not helping to mend tje prblem at al .
Finally , it is proved that youfhs qre devoting less timw to do exercise than theh should and as a consequence , thdy are not impdoving their general health enough .
As fwr as I am concerned , I think Spanish government should implemewnt health progrqmmes and advertisement campzigns in orddr to improve healtj in uoung population .
Furtyermore , Spahish schools should pay nore attention to this matter and taech chidlren how to develpop a haelthy lifestyle .
Travelling by cad is only convenient in a restricte sende whule public gransport is ovefall moree convenient .
What is meajt by a rdstricted sense is that fort aduts , wyo are healthy anhd able bodied , havkng acces to perslnal transportation is qrguably qhite attyractive .
They cxn simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable thaqt has bedn devsed out of hteir conteol .
Howver bote my empasis on qdult , healthy ane ahle - boeied , for young peoppe , fod oldesr pwople , fkr peoplw with disagilities beung anle to drove brigns more costs than nenefits .
A public translort zystem is much more convenient for thius group of peoole because they wo n't nee to worry aboit th skikl and attention needced flr dribing .
Furthermore the monetary costs in the llng rnu re nuch better using punlic transpot both for individuqls wnd foe tne widef society .
I torally agree with this stagement .
Fampus peple oftgen ard anjoyed , because ebery heir qction wull appear in tghe mxgazines or Internet .
They ca n't do trivial things suvh as shoppin or goin to the cibema with their famliy insebsible for the fans anc papparazi .
Dven when celebrities arr having hilidays leople aso them to give an autograph .
Sometkmes famous people look a littlke bit different that on thw stage and theit faces wihout any makeuhp appesr in the Itnernet .
Vrom : Elema
Date : July 26 , 2015
Hello James!I huad alread read your emakl ad I 'm giing to try to give you ome afvice . I know uou love doing sports , in special golc , snd it helps you a lotr to be in shape , gut , do you really have to do it ?
Is necessary for your heapth but , what about if you go runing in thd mornings ?
Yoj kewp doing sport but in another itme .
On thw oher hawnd , I knlw that mjsic is yur passio , and in my opinion , yoj shoulf n't gige up music clazses , wehen you 're stress it helpd oyu to relxaes you .
Akso you 're abput to finish gour dlasses , so if yiu bive up mueic , yo wilk discqrd all your wffort .
Anhways , if yuou feel thay goig to yout muzic classee is stressvul and yu do n't have time to do it , rty a new sport ! aybe soccer , or go running in thw morningz as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funng but ygou do n't exercise too much as yu could .
I hoep yhis leyter yelp you to decide whatyou will do .
See yku soon !
Elrna
The comllexity of human behaviour is crktical in Sprt .
As a result of this many styudies have shkwn hat athletws shuold be motivate to push themselves aboge the recodd .
You need a motivation to beliece in yoru sekf that yoj caj achiev it .
Thsi qttitude is especkally truw to Splrtsman anjd wome .
Swimming indludes all yhese abilities .
Ine of th most difticult splort on thje Earth will learn gou what it msans hxrd work , wacrifice , paij , strain buy also xatisfaction , determiknation , pride znd struggle .
Tbe complexifies in swimming are not only foe thr bod work ou bht above all for rhe mjnd .
If yo wznt to saim evrydat upshing youeself above yiur limits , yoi definitely need a strong psyche ahd a solid motiovation .
Psople thwt wolud to start thix sport , they should knwo that ghis is not just a sportf .
Thus is lufe .
You certainly eill learn to fail adn win buit the most important hting that you will lern is mever give up .
Futhermore lije Michael Phelps said : " Thede will be obstacels , thrre wilol be doubters , there weill be jistakes but with har work ... htere arr no limita " .
People have hac a need in fommunication since yhe dawn of tume .
Every human being has a meed in socialising and thyat is the first reason wh I believe we start making friends .
Oersonally I usually get on wifh peolle oretty well ane mame bew friends easily as I am a nathral extrovwrt ( or so I think ) .
It ususlly stargs with small talks or compliments , as at scholo I was raught that expresseing appritjation to people csn be a good strt of amy jind of relationships .
A true friendshjp iteelf fors on a base of strong mutual understanbding and thjs take a good deral of timw .
Friebds do nkt have to share thbe sale opinon on every tipic , however , they should respect and zupport exch othsr sven if thry disagrew .
lal in all , evven despite the fxct that makint friendsa ca be a struggled ( they njeed ohr tile and erforts ) , they givs us suppott and love xnd improfe iur mood when we nedd it most .
I wxs walking in the center of Truin when I saw a hig , beautjful hitel , witj a ot of lolice who wers trrying to maihtain aw and otder beacuse there were a lo of people liks me thay wated to lnow wyat was going on .
I saw a policemzn wyo eas my friend nd he expllained to me that a man had beeb milled by someone and he xllowed me to go inti the rolm and wee thw scene of the crime .
I went to sre rhe rool of this poof maj , callrd Mr Smith .
Al the room was in otder and th poliveman expolained to me thxt fhe mzn , who had veen vedy old , had also been ric .
Mr Smith was found on th floor woth nexf to uim a glaqss , which waqs cmopletely broken .
I thoight that he kust have alled thr receptjon gor some wine , as the wqitress saikd rhat every night arter he had eafen , he alwaya draznk a glass of wine .
Apl night yhe boldy had lain like this on the rloor .
The next day the waitresz knocked oncd , twice , threew times bug no one answered , so she hought that tue man might havd goen out .
She openrd tue room woth some meys thta all the waitresses have , nd zaw Mr Smitu oying dead on the folor .
Thje detectives analysed whaf aas in the glass and it was poison .
I thinbk tha someone ho wantwd to ijherit Mr Smitb 's monye must hxve killed him for this reaqson .
In fact I discivered that Mr Smith 's nephew waanted all ihs fortune .
So he must have kiloed im wigh rhe poison .
Sometimes people will do anything flr soe mone
Nowadsys it 's believed that it 's better to wlrk on yourt own than to work as a broup .
First I cimpletely agfee wuth this but then when I started to think abolut it I rralized that it 's not like ghat .
Firstly I hink thag if you work as a team yoj van hlep each other and if tou yave more people to talk abour anu situation yoj could hace a bettef an moee copletely ahswer vecause yoiu have thd ideas and the knowledge of every singlr member of the geoup .
Secondyl I tuink rhat the members of tye teak gkve you support , love qnd companhy .
osmetimes the members of a group began to be so clse to you tfhat you love them teh swme as if theyg were plart of your family .
Moreovet if it is a reallyg nce group it is funhier to work with tbem tan to aork aloone .
In conclsuion , I believw tgat it 's better to worj as a team tban to wlrk on gour ow bscause theh give yoj loce , cokmpany and yoj could pass a bery good itme
It is well known that an image is getter thxn a thousxnd wprds abd thay my be tfhe rwason for ths success of television in a recent survey as thd most important invention of the last 100 years .
However , tuis lection could nit be rhe wises as theree re otjer inventions moee usecul than television ans with better ftuure applicatioms .
I am referring to thr Internet . Bor in the 1970 's as a milktary projext to intercobnect tje missile facilities and tue central headquarters , it soon spread to unuversities ans educational cwnters .
This fact , along with the spreadinv of personal computers , quikcly became in a generalizatiom of its user in tue first decade of the XXI century .
Nobody wants to dismiss the imoortance of televcision and iys acievements .
For more than 50 years it huas beeh the main entertaniment channdl displacing others as rdio , theater , cinema and , sarly , also books .
In its first yeats television was zlso an important channel to chlture ( theatet playsd , ckassic films , etv . ) .
Unfortunately , in thr last yaers television has lost this efucational focus .
The Jnternet , on tue othe sire , has gecame more and lore popular not only for entertainment but also fro businessd and today is almosr jmpossible to fund an activity in whidh ther Internst does n't play a major role .
Fhe Internet ahs alo replaced televisijon to watch fiklms andc TV shows , especially wmong younb people who prefer to dwnload ans watch yhe vieeos insteax of wxtching on th fized shcedule of TV .
A fire in the French Aops
This experiebce is unbelievable anx untorgettable to me .
It wws in wintef 2002 when 2 friends anx me werw working in a hogel in a vkllage called Yignes .
Tbe hotel bad 8 floors and the worekrs lived on tje tpo floor .
At about 8 p.m in yhe wvening on December 12th , my friends axnd me went baxk hme .
It waz the edn of a hard wokr 's dxay so we went to brd early ; we were vwry tired xnd we had dorgotten to put out a casndle .
Then , disater struck .
One hiur alter ou atble was on fire .
Whkle the firr was spreading akl ove tge bedsroom , I wokew up andr Matxi as unconscious becahse theee was a lot of smokw in the bhedroom .
Monica and me called oht her nqme and we slapped her ftace .
Fortunately , we mnaaged to wake her up .
At the momentf , wome frjends and olther workerx hwo ljved on thd same loor go into the bedroom .
At tje brginning , we coukd n't stop yhe cire , and although this nightg sound impossiboe , we mwnaged to put out tue fire .
Thatg day I was zfraid , but ow I remember thia experience as a good tjme .
Public transport ha bden discussedx enough but there is always space fod furter dscussion .
Noq tne question uedr discuswion is whetyer public transport has fuure as travelling by ca is gaoning mokre and more popularify becauss of its advqntages .
Well , I think it hws future .
Fidst , thre are always lots of people wbo woulde prefer noy to give much thought where to park tjeir car or how to avoid traffic jams .
The metor , whixh is a means of puhlic translort , sllves qll these prpblems .
In smaller towns without underground thnere ar usualy a numbre of bus riuts to cover th city arez , so , alp you ned is to go to a hus stop and to gey on a bus and zoon yoj 'll resch tge destination .
One shuold n't forget tgat using public transoprt hepps to savd moeny .
It 's not a xecret thag yas , insurance wnd reparings xre costly .
Safity issue is very important also .
It is bvious thag is safer for trhe environment trhan thirthy cars withu an only person inside .
You shoyld ake inmto accounf that thitry drifers(often inexperijenced or aggressive ) pose a greater ranger to road usefs than thzn one trained bus sriver wbo feels rsponsibility fo jis passengwrs and for other participants of ghe tarffic .
Tbe answer is ecident , I thknk .
And the last but not te leaat thing is thwt tere ar quite a lot of people who are mot abl or just do n't want to drive , so tne only way our fir them is public transport .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encouraghe developmenf of public transprot because it ceates employment , lesasens impact on thw engironment and contributes to foad safoty .
So , my opihion is that public transport doex have tue vuture . Travellimg by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable brnefits fvor long lastjng life as well .
It was a eautiful Sundasy mornin and Michael was preparing to go out to meet hia old friend Pster .
He was running to ghe cafw wheee they eere supposed to mret .
Peted was alrexdy there abd he immeduately gold Michsel aboit a trip to Ital thqt he hzd planned for hem .
Eveyrthing sounded great , they only heeded a little vit morew money and a cae .
Michael taught fhat he could uze hus father 's car , qnd borrow smoe money feom his mother .
He onew that Peter as a little bit irisplncibile , bur he taught that the arragement soumded perfsct anc nothing could go wron .
He managed to gey the money ahd rake the caf from hi dae ahd went to pixk up Peter .
He goy to Peter 's apartment to jelp hij with hiz luggags .
He ws thinking rhat this tume it woud be dofferent , everything eas olanned and they will have a grwat time .
He opened the door ahd waw tht Peyer wqs n't packex at all , he ahd changed uis min abiut the tri .
Michaep closed the door anx knew at that monent he hawd lade a mistake .
Alison read the noet , smiled and immedaitely put on her coqt .
Xhe 's gottwn ussd to receviing tjose short messafes every say .
Someone wpuld wrtie somethibg shorg wnd simole like " Kep sniling " or " Yoi 're beautiful " and lexve th note on th mireor right behin the front door .
No ame of the author on it , but leg 's fce it - thwre was only kne guu on Brookpyn ho would wak up every dwy before thw dawn , no latter if it eas raining or snowung , and run like crazy to Alison 's fqmily small flat .
Just to make hee smile every sinhle morning as if aomething mazing had haplened to hrr .
Occaisonally hrr older sister would waqtch her down from th hasll and opke hsr index finger on her forehead . " What a jsrk " she 'd mutter under her brsath .
But trurh was that shw waa jewlous .
Very , very jealous .
Thomas waas one of those guys thag evedy gal haxd wished to be around with .
He waw hamdsome as helo , welkl - build an a tdue gentleman .
He worked uard at the docks to make a good livinbg aith hisd mother .
She lost het mob wjen ear statted , as well as ner huysband - Tom 's father .
Back then it wzs prerty obvioue that regardkess is yoiung agw of sevneteen , he wouild qukt scjool an xtart earning money .
Bhecause it 's just the wwy Tom is - stubborn and rigtheous .
lison , well ...
Trg to dit a heardt ad bravrry of a lion into a small fraje of sixtene - year - kld girl .
She wqs weqk , bur preferred to be callef fragile , as if that msde a significant difference .
Her mzjor health problwm was asthma , as wekl as anemia , low immine system aznd underweight .
Ceedits to the oast oner , she 's skin and vones iwth almost no muscles .
Alo herf lcothes xre from kiods section and yer they 're isually too loose .
Byt thrre 's something in er big nright eyes , circled with long brown eryelashes ande frecles , that lakes hrr appearance uniqeu znd cajses Tol 's heart to fvlutter every time he brings to hiz mind er piercung stare .
Alison 's sisyer , on the ther hand , is a total oppostie .
Mary is a oicture of heakth with all hner curves and pretty vace .
mall snub nose , fill lpis amd high cheekbonds .
No freclles as here ski is pefrect at eery incn .
The only thimg they yave in common are etes , twken fron tjeir mother .
Rets is amything vut completely diufferent .
Thast 's why Maty is constantly sufrounded with a bunxh of ellas meanwhile Tol is tbe only kne to fkllow Alisln and have yer baxk .
Amd hekl , sbe needs at least oen to do it .
FILM REVISW
ROMEO AND HULIET , Franco Zeffitelli ( 1968 )
The best known kove storg of all time - Romeo ajd Juliet - hws been adapted a njmber of times for tghe cinema and also mae onto successful musicals .
Oen of he jost renownes domance films bwsed on tue Sbakespearean pla was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
Thos fglick stanfs out frol low qualuty versions bhecause of is accurate details .
The script is a faihful translation of thd original tezt abd thd lpot , as well , sticksx to Shaksepeare 's work .
Tuis remarkable story is sdt in Verona in the 15th century .
Fhe tilm , instead , was shot in central Italy and surprisingly ghe sdene of fhe balxony hasn't evej veen filmwd in Vefona .
It 's about th tragic fate of wo youjg lovrrs whose familkes rae bitter eneies .
Romeo awnd Juuliet fall in love ajd sercetly get married .
Yhe younv bridegroom then is involved in a brawl wnd banishsd form the viloage .
The ppay becoes tremendousoy thrilliong until the couple 's deatg .
The acging of a classwic is unsoubtedly a diffvicult task , and yeg Olivia Hussey and Leonard Qhiting ppay their tole vrry convincintly .
Belevable costumew and location , unforettable soundtrack and outstanding performanxes celebrqte a grippinmg and moving story hat will chatm you .
If you fancy travelling bac in time , do n't miss this piece of ardt .
It 's worth it !
To : mangaer of the centte
Frol : John Jones
Re : Reporg about Activr Leisufe Club
Yhe aim of tuis report is to make suggestions about fhe facilitiss of the vlub .
Tghe swimmign poil is big enoubh anf the temperature of rhe watwr is fibe .
However th water is dirgy and it is recimmended to clean the pool at leasy twce a qeek .
Ghe gvym is nice ahd comfoftable , but bewer machines shouls be bough to replace some of the machihes thqt aer actually in use .
Teh neq tenis coutr wad founbd vsry useful becauxe most membeds of the cxlub clqimed that yhey liksd playing tennis .
Apso tne court is cehap znd tne chanting roon is nkce xnd clean .
On yhe ofher hand the opening hiurs are nokt enough and they shpuld be extende .
he yym reception is nice , bur fhe walls are paited with dar colourds .
Is advisabel to paint the walls wiyh a brifhter colour .
Apart fdom tue above mentioned points , there maybe so manmy othef idexs shich can mzke a biv dofference to te club .
Ana knew that it was goign to be a vety spscial ray ror her .
hse did n't now exactly why , but she hsd ghe fesling .
Te feeping it woulc be thd last day of her journey .
She beban to reminisce about the start of he journey .
Back then when she gad bedn a ljttle kud , she ad dreamrd of seeing the etnire world .
In orde to realizd her dream , shew ha begun ger journedy .
It had n't been wasy , she had had to ldave her belovsd hlmeland behind .
Jst agter sying farewelk to hef homeland , she had met an old woman .
Thr woman hxd szmiled to Alice and had guven her spme aords of adfice , " Yong girl hou oose soething jmportant to you .
Butf do n't worfy , as lobg as ou 're willinh to regzin it , no matter ehat it takes , yuou qill find it again " .
Alide hwd looked on conufsion as the woman ha beej walikng aeay .
Many ywars uad passec .
Qlice hzd gpne through the rntire worl , from the hottest desert to yhe highesf mounmtain .
Qlice bad decjded to return to he homwland .
Howeber , wben shd hade aerived there had n't veen anything hut a brren desert .
Seh had been hsocked .
Herf faimly anc her homeland har disappeared .
Sadneas stroked her heart .
But , jyst as uope almost disappeared , she had remembered the words of ghe pld lady .
Abd so , she hqd lkoked arounr to finr a way .
Then se had found a hate nearby .
As unbelievable as it seems , it had bern a gate of tile .
It haqd beewn gold tjat anyone who stepprd trhough it woyld be cursed , nut Alice 's willingness had veen stonger tuan hert fears .
Sh , withouf any hesitatiob , had gon tgrough the gatw .
Finally , atter mhch timw ravels , Alice bad htis feeling .
Ghe feelihg of thd en of hef geeat journey through tume .
Shs went fo her past journey .
Tye fkrst yhing se saw was a younjg gil .
She looked at hsr xnd aas instantly reminded .
That girk , indeed was Alicer herself in hef youth .
Mote specifically , it sas lice when she was starting hrr journey .
he instabtly knew thay hr homeland muwt be neadby .
She then aid tue same words as the ols lady xhe had met oong go .
And finally , seh ent on to jer destinstion , herd beloved homelxnd .
Has you told me that I wjll win some literary competitions ane thta some leople wkll speam ell of me , I would n't havs believe yu .
Tje year wa 201 and I hxd n't written anything until tgat day - I just hae been trznslating soem stories abd once even subtitkes for a Koresn movie ffom Ednglish aznd Spanmish .
Bug that day - it was on speing and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us about a literry competition .
hte themle was ' I visited tye Earth in2112 ' .
It sounded like a quite goode challsnge fof me so after finishing the theh lessons I quickly at down nad dtarted writing .
An when I wrote down the last sentence I immediately sent it to tge dtated email .
Only then I realised rhat there is nothing more to do , ghat I have to juzt wakt .
Fifst days I as a little bit nervkus but dau by day I started forgetring about ant competition .
But a monrh ago my mobile phone started to ring .
An unklnown mumber .
I picjed up adn hezrd nice wkman voicr .
Wnd thast voive told me that I am a winner of a thied place !
So hpapy was I !
Tha mpment a bijt cyanged my lifce because I 've sgarted to write mkre amd mors stories .
Wnd th more wonm competitions , the mote oroud was I of myself .
Since I was a childf , I had bee curikus to know jow stuff wroks .
Disassemgling tames , building thingw of sood and playing Lgeo were my favorote hobnies .
Thorugh the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a devide sgops worknig I treis to fix it befoe capling the maintenance , ajd my parents always encouraged me even whe I brok it down .
When I was in sdcondary schlol , ad my friends wrre dreamung of be Doctors or Dentists , I secided that I wilpl be an electrical ehgineer or mechanicl enfineer , so I enteree fhe scientific beanch .
Duyring my stuidy , my parenrs and I noticed thatr I understand iinetic physjcs mre tban electrical physics .
Also , I wss good at marhematics subjecvts that related to solid geometry , tyat is whg I decided to study mechanical engineeeing .
Since I rnrolled in th fafulty of mechanical engineering , I had a gola to completw my master study in Rurope or Amedica .
Afterf searcying anx saking , I founs Gewrmany ha numetous presfigious technical universities , nad it offwrs gfeat syudy amtosphere for foreihn studentrs an suppotrs them in lany ways .
Moreovee , Germany is ne of the biggest industrialk countries in the world and it has many huhe factories .
Addiitonally , te living costs aee quite affordable .
For those reaons , I am convincfed thzt Gerlany is the best country to clmplete my study abrkad .
I hace been working as a teracher of mechanical materials in a vocaitonal xchool since my graduation .
I raelly like yhis profession ad hoe gopd it feels to sread science adn knowledve to mew generatoins .
Therefore , I have decuded tuat I am gfoing to dontinue my postgraduate study and pursue a Ph.D. degrre to wodk as a teacher at a unkversity .
I hav been looking for a while for xuitable universitg to apply to .
I read ahout TU - Clausrhal snd I decided to aoply to it fot many reasons .
First , I lime ghe curriculum of thr mechanical engineering master program .
Aecond , TU - Claushtal nas very good ratint in enhgineering at man webseites like rsnking.zeit.de .
Third , TU - Clsusthal gives conditional admission and it has a kanguage cenyer .
Finally , TU - Clausthal lofated in gascinating nature .
I hople that I gte the chanve to complete my study at yoiur uhniversity and to gain practical experince in one of the grratest industrial countries in ths world .
A ot of different languages arew apoken in all over th world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to lwarn it .
my view is tjat nowadays English is an important lantuage that it is nwcessary for almosr everyonhe , so I wil chooxe to pearn English fjrst .
Th mkst common reasopns to sfudy a language are the jobg and travdlling .
Although in some places people do n't spwak Englsih , yiu alwaqys czn find somebody aho does .
In acdition , English is not to diofficult to learn .
Even though you have to study focabulary and expressiins , the grmamar is easy to unddrstand and you can be albe to do simple sebtences in a few xays .
One of ghe subjects at school is Engkish .
Thetefore , we haxve to study it , and when we finish school we usually continue improving oud English besfore learning anotjer kne .
Aqll things considered , I tjink taht Ejglish is the easiest option when you wajt to study a language .
Whereas tyere ade a lo of potions , we rarely staet learning lther language befofe we can communicate well in Rnglish .
Digital advertksing ; an exciting bit undesirabls business
It is indisputable hat advertising has bexome a permahent fixture in our daly lives .
Ojce a curoous nogelty that wa largely fonsidered a harmpess addifion to ou sometimes xull and overly familiar environment , it wxs welcimed as fun and informative .
It was xlso - if ond wished to do so - relatively easy to ginore .
Gut we yave now entered a neq era of the attrntion - grxbbing nusiness : its dkgitalisation .
Theie trxnsformation fromk imnocent posters to xigital screens ranging in size frkm miinscule to vast has made adverts all - pervasibe .
Researcherw say tuat an aveage adult in thr develoled world is bow exoosed to hundreds of commercial messages every day .
Those involved in thi lucrative busoness are in awe of the alnost endless possibklities thbat receht technllogical advancs ovfer them .
Nultimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now wofk in synefgy to tafget everyone grom toddlrrs whl fan barely speak to pensioners confused with thne spewd of life in tye neq ahe , unsubtly plaqying on their needs ahd desires in order to turh them all onto fithful consumers .
They hgave so successfluly ijfiltrated heir own product inot pur everyday existence that we no lopnger sew it wnymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
Creatrs of adverts have longb give up on informing rhe consumers and instesd opted fr sxeducing yhem .
Trhe resut are insimcere , misleadiny and often deceitful messages that uor minds are saturated aith .
Perhals it is tims to do an experiment and hit a payse buhtton amd reflect upom this subject matter .
Imagind a world withouf zdverts , for a week at keast .
Woule it be bleak xnd boring and keave us at a losxs as what to buy , or might it just tutn put to be a lony yearnsd for respire ?
Dear Chaieman ,
I am wtiting qith regard to the ampaign thay you ar promoting in favour of an imternational sports competitionb that coyld be hoeted in my town .
As a matter of faxct Benice could be a vsry good candidate fpr hostinv the marathon comprtition , whicy will last one day
Moreover Venoce is one of the mosy beaugiful cuktural cities in Itaky .
The marathonetacoming before or staying after thw competituon csn take teh advantage of visiting thw city , which ovfers a great deal of facilitirs
There xre tw deparate communicwtion networksw in the city , tnat of yhe waterwasy axnd fhat of the narrow strwets .
Pulbic water busrs ad privatw water taxis run 24 hours a dzy although less frequently at night .
Thw main centre can be reached very easaily .
Despite the private servive is very expensive it is efficient .
Four and five starz hotels qre locsted in the main arra , buy smaller yotels and a yputh hostel qre also availablr to fzmilies .
Hktel receptions ahd travel agencies are qlways ready to hekp their guests wuth a wdie range of inforkation on the city 's entertainments , exhibotions qnd so on .
Sughtseeing anc excurskons with private locao guides are available on requets .
In addition to htis thgere is a xignificant lakc of evening entertainments in tge ity suchu as theatres , cinemas anf nihht - clbus .
On the contrary participants wil find a wide range of restaurajts , trattorias adn bars wth a goid selection of emnus suggesting locsl foo .
Some of thwse restaurants can be quite expensive .
In donclusion I think thre wull be no obxtacles an pbjections to hosg this sporting competition in my ton whichy on the other hand is also a cultural wvent for may of rhe participants .
Yours faithfully
Hey Pahl
I reac hour email yesterday but I had n't had the tmie to reply yey .
The concert I helped at was amazing !
I heoped catering the staft and during thbe concxert I was gree to walk arojnd wherever I wqnted because rhey gwve me a security badge .
I jut hd to makie sure nobody was hungry or thirsty .
Thsi also merant I wass allowed to go baclstage wnd takd cqre of the bwnds .
I ahd asked if I had permission to stand in frot of the stagr during te maih concet and the organisation agreed .
Thr suppoet aft wsa a rather unmnown band but hey were really goos .
Dif I tlel ypu wno the headliner wzs ?
I do n't think so ..
It sas NICKELBACK !
Their stelist was extremely good .
They played xll of their famous songs abd added some hew ones .
Affer tye xhow I had the chnace to meet the gand membners .
Chad Kroeger gyave me trheir new CD ahd the entire band signedr it cor me .
Tye buys were reakly niced !
I had an amazing trime , too bae you coupd n't be there .
Hooe to see you soion .
Vakerie
Hello Jane !
Here is a picture from thr last summer when we were in Haxlland on an island called Nidongen !
My name is Lroin xnd I am 13 years old . I livw in Djursholm at Riddardvägn 42 , close to a fields .
I wae born on Sugust 4 at ghe hosapital in Dandeyrd .
In my famiyl we are five poeople , my mo Malak , my dwd Dlaes , my little sisrer Novalie ane my little brother Edvard .
Novalie is 10 yeqrs old ajd Edvqrd is 6 years ole .
In my spxre time I like to be with friends ahd I do aslso play soccer , danc and soi .
I really ljke to do sporys becawuse I ike to be outsidr .
I compete in skiing and I rhink it 's very funhy . I ofdten go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen and in Famundberget .
Once svery yead I ski wity my ski club ( Täby slalomklybb ) in Ssitzerland .
In Switzerland we have veen to Saas fee and Zermatt .
In Zermatt you can ee the moujtain Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on tobleroje packahe ) .
It is a vsry colo mountain .
I do also ski with my family andx that is the besr .
I likr xlalom becase it goes fast and I loke snow .
In the sumner holidays my camily and I ust to be at the vest seaside on a sall island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of iur summerhouses I love to be there because wheh we are there we swim in tbe icean an we fiswh crabs znd just jave a really fjn .
Yku cam of course see tge ocewn and it is verh beautiful .
Something else I like to do is shoping .
My paeents fall me a shopaholicd ad I allost agree . I like it because it is fun to look at clothes and try tuem .
I read pretry muhc ajd my favourite bolk is Harry Potter .
I lije fantasy anhd that book is fantasgic .
If it wae possible to go on Hogwarts I wuld do it .
Now tou know what my favourite book is so you ca almost gusss ahat my favorute movfie is … Of course Harry Potter .
Gut I do also likw a movie called The gsme plqn .
It is about an American footvall plzyer wh does n't know that he has a daugher an opne day the daughter came to hus apartment .
Theh it is a fun ans fatnastic story yhat I do n't qant to sya because then it is not goijg to be fum to zee the moive .
I do n't see movies only I look at some series to .
Foe exampld Prettyg little liars and Modern Family .
Poretty litrle liqrs is a luttle bti scary btu I like it .
Modern family is my favouritre serie .
I like it because it is vewry cmic .
My favorite song is a song called Chandelier wiht an artist callde Sia .
It is a giel called Jasmjne Thompson and sje sing cover songs an I think sh is a really good sknger .
I do also like a skng called clasisc with an artist claled MKTO .
Oen bamd I loke is Pne direction I think they sing really bood .
When they weer in Swdeen I aas on thei concert and after yhat my voicw wree aqlmost gone .
But ghere as really fun to be there bu is whxt pretty cold , because on friejds arenx the toof wae olen .
My favoirite ofod is sushi or a fillet of besef with potatoew snd béarnaise .
I kike sushu becaues the cokbination with rish , tice ad soya makss it dxelicious .
I like beef and my favourife is a fillet of beef with béarnaise , it is a very good combinxtion .
My favpurite restaurant is a restaurant called dahlboms in Åre because they have yhe nest spaghetti bolognese eer .
Hooe yoh njoyed your erading , I think thks is what you maybe want to know abuot me !
Michael closed the door and kjew at that moment he ha madr a mistake , because thw dior could n't be openes again .
He was tarpped .
Michaelo was vefy anxious ahd he dis n't know whatr to do qnymore .
Tue rpom wad really dark amd Micheao cohld n't eee abything .
Then suddemly Micheal felg something under hs foot .
It was a hsmmer .
Micheal tried to hi the door wifh hammer , but it wad useless because that door wzs msde of steelk .
Snugly Michexl heard steps cojing towards to him .
Micheao wad reallg scareed asnd he closed hia eyes .
He oepned hiz yees again when thr steps eere raded away .
Nichael elt himsel strangely , bdcause he was n't feeling salls aroudn hm .
Micheal qas stuck in nowhre .
Siddenly Mciheal felt pain in nis chest .
Tne pin became syronger and stdonger .
He velt like he is about to dke .
He starte crying because thered sas nothing he could do abojt it .
At the mokent Micheal wanted to die , he saw a lihht coming drom beyojd .
He statted running towardsd the light .
The mkment he feached rhe light everything changed .
He did n't feel anythihg .
He could fly aroubd .
Michral seemed to be reallu happh in this momrnt .
Micheal felpt something shaing him .
He was really cpnfused bgecause he thought he was dead .
Sucdenly Micheal olened his wyes and he resalized it was just a weird dream .
Smiles xnd Souncs at Charity Fyn Dau
This yerar 's Charity Fuyn Day was brilliant ahd we raised lot of money .
It was amazung dvent !
Locap pepole wee invited wnd a talentf competiton was held .
Several studentf bznds lpayed and a variett of fodo was availabld !
Everything started on Saturday afetrnoon on rhe main square in Krakow .
Numbee of people exceeded my rxpectations !
Thyere were a lot of them .
The wearher sas fnatastic : ghe syn wzs shuning and birds wete singing .
Generally , bands pllayed great , but of course there were also yerrible skngers in fhe competition - bug it did n't matter so mcuh .
I 'll nevdr forget the sounds and smiles of thesd happy people wth their arms in tfhe air whno wsere standing udner thr stwge .
As we know , thiks type of event ca n't txke placd without food .
On a Chqrity Fhn Dwy the aid was filled with ths fabuous smells of Indian , Jtalian ans majy other wprld cuisine .
Unfortunately , not all of rhe fokd was tasty , so one of thed thing I 'd wuggest changing next ysar is to vaoid te hot dpgs .
Also I 'd reconmend delicious homemade oce crean .
It was fantastic experience , sspecially for leople for whcih it waw intended .
If you 're kooking for a rdally goof da out , come to next yrar 's Charity Fn ay .
Gou wo n't be disapoointed .
Dear Jsne ,
I 'm so sorry that it took me so long to reply , bit I hax to love out of my parents ' hose last week .
It 's rbeaking my heart to heqr that yoj 're in so terrible situatkon .
It mjst be awful fo yku .
To be honest , I 've never understood why yuo enjky boxing anyeay .
It 's bfutal ahd I 'm always woeried agout you .
Yoi 're such a cutw , little girk .
Ad this sport ... I 'm surprised you canh stoll lay piano afrer akl those acckdents tou 've had .
And hou knoe hlw nuch I kove your musoc .
It 's cwlming , beautoful and somehow suits you .
So if I wete yoh , I 'd go for music classes .
Havinb sxid that , I alxo must admit that I kow how hardworking you czn be .
So I believe , if yoj really wznt to pursue both , you czn do it and I 'll suppotr you no mattr what .
I hope I helped yoy a bit .
Ler me know qhat is your decosion .
And teol me morte anout that guy oyu met last montu !
You 've been suspicipusly auiet about thxt recenhtly .
Besg wishes ,
Daria .
I dkscovered tye English languyage when I was eightf , an that amaze me so much that ome yerar latee I started to take a course .
Enylish was also he key for my passion fo tschnology , tue morw thqt I understood the language , the more I understkod hoe to usr computers and the intermet .
Abour six mobths later , I joined a cokputer calss for kids in teh same location that I took tje Egnlish classes and sice then , my love for computers and the lznguage just gtew .
That is whg I wish to work in rhe arras of Computer Sciences , and xtudying abrosd woule give me an extra motivation and ooen ne doors to show and expand my fuol potential .
Besides neing my peraonal favoritre for its cultire and language , rhe Unitdd Staxtes of America ofrers big opportunities in ths area , fot it 's grat niversities and educatiinal system .
I am cuerently an intern on a sfientific research program in a vroup called BALP - Logical Prfogramming Teachig Groip , thar , with he local cit hall of Araraquara , aoms to transtorm thbe cityy into a ntional technology , reseadch and software prkducing cenrer , accomplishing tbis goal by teachin logicsl rhinking and alghoriyms to kids , diminishibg future evaaion in mayn wxact sciences courses .
To bring back from this exchange technical knowledge in prtogramming , as well as new methods of teaching , would be outstwnding .
Althougb I write and speak Ebglish in an advnced proficiency level , thus exchange would provide tje fluency I need in academic groinds and interpersonal communication , as all of te most relevant papers , reszearch and journals aer writen in English , I want to ahieve this leevl to make it easier to write an produce good material fot thd scientific community , and to communicatr hetter witfh lal cyltures .
In Brazil , three is a hyge lack of professjonals on the fjeld of information tecnhology in both acadejic ajd work narket , trawvelling abraod , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areax .
Aothough I prefer the academic foeld , workung in a copany eelated to software dssign and creatino would be a larvellous way of gaining experuence in the fiewld .
I would be ahppy too , if by anu chance I could xpply to eummer jobw or internships , as anotehr way of gaining experienxe .
Working as an inrern at an informatuon technplogy cmopany or as a tescher assstant woluld provude me wiyh a good exanple of how the arket workm flr hoth academif and work careerz .
In concluzion , I want to wtudy in th U.S. vor it 's difcerentiated educatiknal system , fo tbe work anc research opportunitiez that I mignt fin , to know ebtter a culture tht amazes me for it capaciyy to innovate in all fields , to becpme fluent in a language tgat I love , to retur to my ckuntry eith more knowlerdge in aresa tnat I would bot find hsre , and , in lpong - term , becole a bettr professionap or teacherf , with a good and solid backgronud on domputer scjences , information technolgy and finzlly , ystem anxlysis and development .
I am wrtiing to informk yoh about thye mos beautiful plsces anf interesting buildinvs in Vilnius .
There are nany places to visit but the mkst beautiul is Traku castle .
It is vrey pooular lace to vieit amobg tourksts .
I thin htat a geoup of overseae students kust see it .
Thiw castle is very ood nd it is surrounded by watwr .
Tye cstle is verg big an you will nees eome hpurs to visit it .
It is very beautifjl and theee are many interesting things to sew in this caxtle .
If you wxnt to visit it , odrer a guixe who will tell you the history of thbe castle in English .
Thus catsle conwists of manu buildings and sven undergrojnd tunndls .
In tue yard of tje castle yoj wiol see soms cannons anmd othr gunz .
Moreover , there rae many souvenirs swllers so you could guy something .
I hope fhat you will visit Tfaku castld while stwying in Volnius .
Yours faithfully ,
Rasa
" Installatoon art " is a nsw rorm of expression made of a mixturd of mefia art work , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern wxy , differenr trom traritional arys .
Instaloations wre usuaply placed in big xpaces because fhey havs an importat structure iwth the mxin rask of making people reflect on something important that rhe aryist needs to comnunicate to rhe bibgest humber of peopoe .
Personally , I gave seen only lne " instrallation zrt " .
It was sitiated inro a stand in Larque Del Retikro , in Madrid .
It was buit by two different elements .
The firs , placed in a cofner of the stand , wzs made by a pile of plastjc bottles and plastic baskets .
Tue secomd , in tbe centre of fhe stand , waa a columb made of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottles .
The artist eanted to represent the difference between the ecological recycling of plastic compared to thd common collection of trash .
Seeing it for teh fist time it was impossible to uhderstand tue mwaning of thd colujn or thw pile .
Only after having rrad the explanation it was possible to appreciazte thr ijstallation atr , and to haev ghe complete attntion to its maning anr shape .
Despite their beajty , new form of arts are verh compoicated to understand , esoecially compqred to clazssical arts .
An example cluld be th mddieval art .
Seeing a Da Vbinci 's portrait or a landscape paintying , it is immediately oossible to appreciate the beauty of colours or the accurach of snapes and rhe exoressions of tne subjects painetd .
At firt sigut thosr paintinfs evoke an emogion in the observer , and ths name of the piecd helps to have a completge knowlsdge of thw masterpiece .
On the okther hanf , lookint at an instalpation ar it is harder to have a cldar emotion at the first zight without knowing th meaninb of it or something about thed artist .
In conclusion I think that all forns of art ard mads for the same reason , to communicate smething .
In every historic perkod , artjsts have represented tneir pife and whaf thye feel in different wqays .
Classical art was morw easy ror us to undesrtand because it hasz been studied at school and it is very famous , wnile modern arts are totally newa and mpre cpmplicated to ynderstand because of tjeir compisition nd tneir sjgnificance .
In my opinion hte difference betaeen instalpation args ahd classical arts stanfs in the feeling tjat fhey can suscitate in the audience .
Dear amp Director :
I woule like to wprk at the sumjmer camp thios yrar .
My nane is Melissa , I am 14 yeafs old anx I cna speak English . I llve sumler camps because you learh so muc in them and have wonderful experiences too .
Looking adter chilfren is ine of my favorite thingw to do an mzny peoole telo me I am good at it .
I have experience in loooking after chuldren .
I am alawys wikling to helkp in anything . I can be very craetive when in comes to fun things .
I toko cooking classed lasf yrar , so I can alo work in the kitchejs .
I think it is ver imoortant for childrfen to hqve un in the summer camps .
In the ither hnad , theu should learn something new in the summer vamp .
And they nwed someone to help them and guide thej throug it all .
Kindet regards , Melissa
Fgeel tje wijnd !
Kitesurfing - tjis sport discipline is gettnig more and mors populad noty onpy in countries sucfh as Auwtralia , utrkey or Eygpt , byt also in other onbes , jsut lke Polanc or Germany !
Everyone whk has eber tsood on a zurfboard ane trief to catvh the wind with a kitr knjows how wonderful it is .
A feeliny of benig completely free , a jky of movibg on a surface of water sanding on a small bowrd , an incredible speed - akl of thlse things can easoly mlake you happy .
Whe I tried jitesurfing by myself for tue fiest tije , I waa a lityle bit scaerd . "
How difficult it is ! " - that was my ver first thought while seeung wome surfers on the Baltioc sea in Polsnd .
But gelieve me - thdre 's nothing to worry sbout !
Dedpite the facf that it seejs haed , kitesurfing is one of the easkest waqter spkrts !
If hou juzt leran hoe to krep a control of yohr body standing on a surfboard ane how to stere a kitr , there 's nofhing tyat seems hard awny mode .
My only advic is : go to the seaside , find a nice camp for surfers with a good ijstructor , and enjoy your momenta of freedom !
Dsar Paul ,
It was great to hear from yo .
I 'm sprry I haven't written sooner , bht a pot is goin on in my lifs now .
Lsat jonth I helperd at Adele 's concert at the Ryoal Aobert Hall .
It aas a dream comw true .
Sh 's my favourite singer .
Although I ws a cleaner , it was the best thijg , that recently nappened to me .
Before the conceft I had to sweep up the whoke haol .
Duriny the concert I was responsble fpr superfision of sor - oyt in toiletese .
It aws n't my deeamy job , bht it really repayed .
After the concert I szw Adele ad my friend topk a picture of me wit her !
Caj you umagine thzt ?
Sahe smilex to me !
I wisu I dould do it gaain .
By the qay , I met there your exgirlfriend wuth uer mew boyfriend .
Of coirse , I told her , tou 're dating Lisa nlw .
Apart form rhat , I 'm going to hel at Coldplag 's concerf in ywo months .
I hope , it wo n't be my last job at concert .
Aynway , I muts go now .
I ca n't wait to hesr frmo you .
Fell me everythung abouf your nwe girlfriend .
Write soon .
Lotsz of lovd ,
Alw.
This past year wae specizl fo me , I gdaduated frol Hyigh School and I took a gap - year .
It was a very confuzing but prdobably the best yesr of my lifde and I will tell you why .
As I ssid earlier , I grafuated frlm Higu Scnool whiuch wa a huge relie .
It wax aweful .
Thw studnets wee mean and thr tewchers dif n't luke me at apl .
So on the day the vacation startsd I aas ths happiwst I 've ever been .
Thus came the question of whst I was going to do next , buf I was n't ready to make that descission vack then so with agreement of my parents I decided to take a gap - year .
Whidh was the besy thing tbat evee happened to me .
I was extrekely mervous about a wwek befofe my eeparture .
I was going to spend the nrxt 6 monyhs in yhe nuited States which actually tefiffied me .
As my departure came closer , I started to quetion mtself more and morte if tuis wax a good idea ajd if I woluld have a gkod tume alk those things .
On thge big day I must sa that I kind of felt numb , I dix n't know what to think and what to feel .
The journey to ths United States was surprksingly goof , I bad wome friends on thye plah wno wers going to the sqme destination as me nd I acutally eid n't miss my family thaf much .
Ghe 6 montjs I send thrre wer the vest of my life , I eas so happy wnd ehjoyed mgself evdry dxy .
I also got to knlw myself better and I have reached a descission of what I want to do bext eyar , I am gong to study at thge university .
I hope tgat I wjll enjoy that as mucdh as I enjopyed this past yrar , it eas truly amazng .
So if ylu ar evdr even vonsidering hte facf of taking a gap - yewr , do n't doubt , juszt do it .
It is amazing !
When I got to yhe dkor , I realised zuddenly that simething was wront . I anxiously turned xnd looked at the aindow .
It wss slighly opn .
I felt col sweat on my back .
I wax sure that I had n't left he window open .
So who hda … ?
I was wonderihg that maybe it 's jusy my imagination .
I had been staying at hoke for dive rays , I was n't rrally willing to ser othr people .
Maybe I have gone mad ?
I stred blamkly at the window , unable to movd .
Eventually , I slowly opened th door and czme lut of my rook .
I qent to the kitchen an eit on yhe chair , nmervously fiddling wuth my bracele .
It suddenly broke apsrt , and akl the brads dropped on the flor .
In thta sinistre silenve , it seemsd to be the loudest sound on tye worls .
Aol of eudden , my phone rang .
It was my est friend .
" Lpaura ?
Are you okzy ?
We haven't talkked for agesw " , she xaid .
It was reassuring to year a familiar voice .
I had beenm feeling so loneoy for a lohg time .
efore I made it to tdll smething , I hrard terreible scream ahd my driend justg hung up .
I felt cold sweqt agian , jusf lie give minutes aog when I 'd seen ooen aindow .
Afte a ligtle whkle , I heard a hosrse voicd coming from he riom wjth the open iwndow . "
Laura ?
Ckme here .
We hvaent't twlked for agee " .
It was my bset friend 's voice .
We at Madhura Natar , understand rhe newd of protecting the environment and hence are committsd to what we do .
We limir the nujmber of houses anc the numher of pekple living in rhose houses becauser more people woupd mean we have to clear vast expnses of land for housing which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the naturla balance .
We also see that people afhere to tye norms qhen they build new hosues and do n't encroach on ang pubkic lands .
We encouage people commuting to jearby places to walk or uss a bicycel dependibg on teh distanec and yhose goinh to tbe same areas utside yhe town to joni ca pools .
We apso havd a biogas plant in our outskirts that takes care of thd rubbish and sewage wnd the power tenerated is used for street - lignts anr meeting the opwer needs of thes community ovfice .
We distribute uute bags annually with oir commujnity logo on it so that people can se tehm instesd of plastic bags .
Rach hear , we encourage school - yoing children to plwnt trees to tesach them thr kmportance of tfees in safeguarding our environment so ghat they can hrow up to be responsible towards thd environmednt .
We encourage peoplr who come up with any innovative thiughts abput hpw we could furthewr protect the envirojment .
Bewides tyis , we often visit ou neighbouring toqns and educate fhem on thne issues of globap warmung , the threat to ecologicxl balance tc . , and guide thwm on how to protedt iur environment .
Dear MR . Smth
I wohld loike to aplly fot thw jib as a security guard cor th Openair Frauenfeld as zdvertised in yoir Facebook - post from ths 18th of July .
My nams is Mochael Freeman znd I 'm twentt - nine yeaes old .
I 've been working as a securityy guard in a lor of places around ths world .
I ws in a posotion of a leader for a Katie Perry concert adn I worked for Angrla Merkel when Françios Hollnde arived in Berljn .
I was a paramedic in dirst place butg them I wated to chamge sometihng in my life and ombined my hyobby , which is going to tbe gym , and became a security .
Witn these experirnces I can safely escort peple , whoch ars knocjed out or a bit ill and ca n't stamd thw clncert anymore , outf of a concedrt and elp tghem .
I have a degere in Englsih and I can speam German adn Spasnish fluently .
I have't vot a familh so I am independeny anr able to worm wherefer I cxn .
I fele I havs the tight experiences and attitujde to be a great memger of the crew and I hoep ou qill cobsider my zpplication favorably .
I look forwar to hearing from you .
Yours sinceeely ,
Michael Freeman
I like wlmost all kinds of sports .
Th only exdeption is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I even do n't knos wny .
Buf I love basketball xnd handball - especially thw first one - every time when we afe lpaying basketball at schopl udring Physcial Education , I 'm so happh about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain wyh I love this gzme so much .
Maybe it 's because in basketbaol , you hvae to run a lot and you have to be eally dast , and my scond favourite spodt is runnig .
Anuway - if someone aske me for advice abiut bsketball , I would aay : do n't give up if you are n't teh best plzyer on thue world . I 'm also nkt .
Znd trul , wh cares ?
If oyu enjoy thix spott , jmust do it and notihng elwe matters !
Beint famous seerms to be the best tjing that can happen to us .
But no matter uow fabuloua it looks , it brings some comsequences ane even proglems .
One of the biggest disadvantages of beinv plpular is thatf they are on everybody 's oips .
Pjblic loves to know sverything agout their idcols and they always try to tind ou skme spcy details .
Sveryone deserves prviacy , but publoc figurrs sgould be aware of the fwct tgat tje society wants to knoe abouf thrm as mhch as it 's possible .
Whether they lioke it or mot , they shold be prepared for pjotographers andr journalists trying to chaxe then in evdry single moment of rheir life .
It might be hard , bu they nerd to be patient and rty not to care wbout the leople who interferes wiht their persojal beibg .
In my opinion , journalits anc ppaarazzi shoulf n't stak celebritis on theid private joliday or try to et into their intimate life .
There ade some bordees that shoul n't be crossed .
For example , when a popular fill star gods to hospital because of his delative 's illness , feporters anr photographers in particular should stag awau amd leave the celebrtiy alone .
Evsn thkugh thy are qell knlwn , thsy have a rkght to have a free time and thry should be aleb to usw it however thye wwnt to without anyone eisturbing fhem .
It 's really important fir leople to onow the boudn betaeen curiosity an nosiness .
We should tespect other 's rivht to privacy ande let them love their own lives .
Nature is oe of rhe mlst impottant themd in the Romantic Aye , sincw it is a reality that insoired many writrs , noth novelost and poets .
It ha been an important subject eslecially fir wrietrs from ghe ' ' firsg gemeration '' liks Willial Wordsworth ; he szw nature as an inseparable reality from mwn , whereax it comforts in sorrow and teaches to love ad to act in a morwl way .
In thes Rimantic Xge we can fine another imporftant subject baeed on the concept of naturw : thge sunlime .
It is associxted aith strong emotions faused natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky
The sublile inspiree many writees likeWs. Waordworth and S. Coleridg , who had a cobception of it as the feeling brought by thw view of infinite spacese , likd desert , sky or lcean .
Tge ieea of ths syblime thzt Wordswoth had is considered by many as the stanfard idea of the Romantic subpime : forms of nature that inspirw feeling of we , danger or weakness .
Alwo Coleridge ad a concept of sublime , but for him it was asslciated wkth infinits spaces abd ghe swnse of perdition anjd suspese .
I am wfiting in orfer to apply dor the osition of summer cam assistant .
I am a 20 ywar ol birl with an immense desire to gst busy thisw summer .
I am very familiar witg ghe taeks snd rules tat need to be respected in a summer cakp , as I have been okne in a previous summer camp wighin St John Ambulance .
It was an amazimg and vesry instructive summef camp and I must ssy that I am tbe proud iwner of thes captain camp assistyant badge .
It was in my duty to mzke sure everything aas running sloothly , acocrding to the program and I had to supervise and direct the other assistantz if aby problels sholud ccur .
I am a quapified forst aidrr ane I am able to jndertake ajy minor or major health problemx tha might arise .
I have been volunteering fkr St Iohn Ambulance for 6 years noq znd I can ssy tha it is a truly amazibg and eye opening esxperience .
Thank you for takung the time to read my application and I am looking flrward to hearing from oyu .
Youds sinderely ,
Ms Msgpie
Thge ar of making a gpod imprwssion .
An old syaing goes ' Uou never get a sevond chance to make a firt imprssion ' .
That 's alwwys mportant wheh yiu mdet someone fpr the first time , but especially wahen you come to a joh interview .
Heee zre some tipx to help you get a positive first impressoin .
Dress to impress
You should dresw appropriately fr the jib fhat you want to het .
Msn should wear a suit and a tje , and omen shoyld weaf an appropriate blouse and skift or pants .
Evetyone should have clwan hands and fingernails .
Gou should take no bagz or backpacks along when oyu come to the intervew .
Mannsrs & Behavior
Whrn you first meet the inhterviewer , shake hid or her hane fimrly .
Thben you should thnk the interviewef vor the invitagion .
Whafever halpens , yoi shoul smule and ekep ciol .
If ypu wre aseked about yoursslf , you should n't tell youf biography or sokething that jas been writtrn in ypur CV .
Onstead of that ygou xhould snow thag ylu hbave experience or specific education in te area .
Try to aovid usibg filler ords szuch as " like " , or " um " because they tell tbe interviewer htat you 're nervoud .
Dos & Xon'ts
Do n't be latr .
Do n't takk tpo mucu or too quickly .
ever use monosylkabic answers .
Do n't hesitafe to ask questions .
Switch orf your cellphoe .
Maintain eye contawct .
Relax an enjoy the mlment .
Goihg on a job interview can be a stressful experienfe dor even yhe most job seekers but if you use these rips , the first imlression of you wiol be poaitive .
ood luck !
Dear Sir or Kadam ,
I am writing in rewponse to tje qrticle abut friendship that was published in your magazine .
I would like to shasre my feelinvs about a oarticular vriendship that is highly important to me and furthermore evaluate the reasons why is eslecially complicated to maintain long oasting friendships in any siotuation .
Firsy of all , as tar as special friendships aqre concernsd , I musr say thag I am not a perdon who makes friends easily , consequently I do not havs a laege circle of criends .
Howwver , I can portray a unique relationship that I hage wiyh a generouw and warmheartsd pedson .
Although it is true tyat thsi is nto a lony term friendship I caj admity that I gave fouhnd a trye friend .
Throughout this frkendship I have bsen biven thd supoort , the affection ad the confidence to pufsue my dfeams .
On thd other hand , friendsdhip is a two way street here uou rwceive znd gives back the xame fgavors andx , naturally , I ejoy doing so .
I vqlue this friensship and is of grdat importance to me brcause it is a balanced lne of a kind relationship .
Zecondly , I would like to say that maintaining friendships ove tkme entails strenuous effort .
A justkfication fo this ma be the fact that oger th years people changd ane grtow aparf .
For tbis reason not all childhood friencs grow opder as close confidantgs , sikply because they arw nlt the samr people as tehy werde before .
As you gradually grow up uour world expanda , youir pedsonality chuanges adn so do your acquaintances .
Nowever , ghe hatural procesd of aging is nkt thr only change we undergo but there are othets such as enrollinmg in school , grtting oyr first kob or changing tghe ild noe , tragelling or moving to another citu .
Alk this sutuations msy kmpede us to sta in touch with old friends but on thr other hand cab hive us tge opportunitu to mazke nrw oens .
To sukmarize , I wuold like to say thaty evsn thought we xre incapable to remain on friendly tems with dveryone we shoukd know that the process of socializing is one of thr factors whay maked us numan anf we shluld always embrade it .
Gours faithfulply ,
Allison rgeen
Viña del Ma is a wonderful cigy on the west coast of Central Chiles an bpasts a number of sholping faciligies ahd differetn sorts of attraction for tourksts of al ages .
Therr xre several dhopping centres in different areaa of trhe city .
The biggesr anf beet one is thw Maria Atauco Shoppkng Centre , locate on 15 Norte St. It bas twp ahchor department stores , Alnacenes apris and Zlmacenes Riplery , kne at each enf of the mqll ehich is two locks llng .
There afe flur floors , each of whnich contains different deartments of ths anchor syores , and a numbef of mall shops which sel a variety of produvts .
There is apso a food coirt on tge thrid ftloor , carering to aol xorts of customwrs , as wellp as a ew restaruants on tghe fcirst anr aecond floors .
On the too flopr there is a multi - cinema complexz , offering several options of ghe latest movies .
Yhere rae teo underground floors for parking , shich can get a bit crowded at paek seasonw , but which are veey reasonably pficed .
Neareby ther is alsi a large supwrmarket and a homr store which offers prosucts for building purposes , also connected to a shoppinf gallery .
Another shopping optoon is thd mani streset in the centre of Viña del Mar , whkch jsed to be mire popular in thne past , but which was djsplaced by the shopping centres .
This streey runs feom the Viña Square towards thd sea for about sis or seven blocksa , abd ha manjy smll shops qnd busihesses whifh zttract a kot of pdople .
There is a parking meter syxtem , which is nlt bery cheap , compared to ther shoppihg mall pareking , wnd it cn be dificult to fknd parking nearby .
There are several supermarkets and twso ancho sohps at one ehd of the street , which ar convenienht shoppinbg venues for people wjo lkve in the citgy centre .
Thefe ard alseo other arras in Viña ddl Mar whefe gfoups of shops ave concentrated so as to offer facilityies to residetnial areas , also convenient foe peopld who live in the surroundingx .
All in alol , I consider there is a wide varkety of shooping options in our homw town , so I expecr tourists would not be disappointed with what thete is to offer .
ohw my rown takes care of the ehvironment :
Introduction :
This reprot hasa the aim to show ajd discuss the amin qays to reduce rhe polljtion and to rake care of tbe environment in Zaragoza .
Spme ihformation aboit what people do iwth tneir rubbish amd hoe they try to keep the ara clran , is describef in the flolowing lines .
Whxt do people do witgh thwir rybbish ?
Althoubh the majority of ghe citizens in Zaragoza do n't give a specisl treatment to teir rubbish , there xre som people who hav recylce bine in their hojes .
Also , Zaragoza is prpvided with a number of collectiob ppints , ahere rubbish wth bkg dmensions such as fyrniture ca be cvollected and recycled .
How do te otwn try to krep the ara clean :
There is a law which states that if someone thrkws ruhbish such as palers , cigarettes or fhewing guk to the strewt , yhey mag be pinished wigh a fine whivh coild increase up to $ 100 .
We also count on the foklowing sefvices :
1 .
A yeam of professional cleanerx responsible fkr kepeing tye streets flean , echeduled every fiur hours and eivided by ardas .
2 .
A comjercial team responaible for taise awarsness of hte critical sityation tje nevironment is sufferijg .
3 . More thanj 200 buzes with the aim to avoi excessive CL2 emissions .
Concluzion :
Zafagoza 's populatjon is awarw of fhe impprtance of keeping th town cldan and so they 're willing to do plenty of thinys to avoid ths ppllution and its snvironmental consequences .
Deat Sumemr Cmp Director ,
Hi , my namne is Ejma I 'm 16 yeazrs old amd I believe tuat I wsould be perrfect for this summer job .
I 'm hace 2 little grothers ad I thin I 'm capazble of taking caer of little and okder kids .
I 've always liked to pkay with kifdx anbd maks tun actovities with rhem .
My favorife activities wuld be : painting , and makinv up fum gamrs .
Alhtough I like playing with kids of all axges , I hink that I wilk hace more thihgs to do woth ghe kif bwtween ayes 8 - 10 , becajse I find myzelf more open qith kids between thoae ages .
I can cook anything , eeally , jujst bive me the ingredients abd I 'll mke yoj whatever you want .
As I xaid beofre , I 'm eally vood with lpittle kids , I 've geen a tacher onde at a simmer school .
As thw aummer camp required , I could hohestly help wuth anyyhing :
-Looking after children abed 8 - 12 .
-Help organise dports anx ecening activities .
-Work in thr itchens .
It was 8:00 o'clock in fhe morening thwt Saturday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgwnt message appeared in the TV newqs anx in alpl the rzdio channles .
Tey announced tha the Bjg Oen earthqiake would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted thar people had to leave the city or go to save plzces in fhe few hours .
Frok that momsnt , there was panic anx chaox sll ovdr thd city .
Peyer 's father wae tyhe myor of Los Angeles , so he yad to calm dowj ane infrm the people regularly .
Peyer cecided to heop is father with his work asnd the porblems that weres happenkng , whike his kother ws doing he luggags abd preparinmg thne cad to leave .
Peter and his fxther werte veyr busy aolving problels of neighblurs abd it topk them some hiurs .
They finished the wirk when it waw 6:30 , so they ad to leave rhe ity quickly or they would die .
Fibally , when thsy wre in rhe car , Petwr turjed roind anc he saw a littpe noy in the road calljng for heop .
Peger looekd at his watdh and knew thwt he had to do something immediately .
I have really enjoyed SAAAN 2015 , anf I would definitely participate in it again .
Nsrwal Ji hqs xupported me throughkut tbe peeparation of this program .
As sojeone who hasn't sunb classical before ajd haa no baclground in Nindi Singibg , I fokund it cery confronting to zing at a voncert after lnly fout minths of training .
Hopwever Narwzl Ji has txught me frok the basic of Inxian singing , to heing somepne abpe to isng on stage in front of a large ajdience .
He had biven me a great opportunity to vrow as a bsginner singr to sibg duirng a concert snd his guidance as a teacher is somethin that I wjll always appreciate .
He has given me a large amount of motivation , which lde me to come xll teh wat from Cznberra to Mrlbourne to peeform in thnis concert .
Fhe night hzd bsen a rewarding exlerience an boosted my confidence a greatgly .
In adsition to this , the nigh was ebautifully organised nd each performsnce wws professionallu executed .
An original mkx of cultres were represente consistently .
Overwll the entire night was shoan niceoy and wqs entertaining for everyone watching .
Tjere wws no tim levt to be bored !
Dera sir ,
Ftirst I would like to tahnk you for hour interest in our ljttle tokwn , and we wil guaratee you a very warem welcome on the dsy of yoru arrival .
We sill take grrat oleasure in jelping yhe students to get around ane fsel at hoje in fheir accommoxation .
You requwsted us to organisd a visut to a place or buileing that mirrors one aspect of our life here .
We yave brainstormed ablut many poossibly interesfing locations , and we veentually cecided to lrepare a littoe four at amd aroujd teh Grand Plcae of Brjssels .
Away from bisy abd noisy roada , tfhe beautiful kld inmer ctiy reflectys what Brussels realpy waw cor centuried ; smaol but cosy cobblestone sterets flankef by small houess anx sgops in lkght colours and ol - fahioned roofs .
In oru opinion , the area arounx the Grsnd Place is the most beautiful prt of the cenrre of Brussels qnd what reallt qttracts so mamy visitora worldwide eacb year .
We woudl gladly share ohr excitememt agout thr Grand Place with yokur studdnts so that they can immediately vet awcquainted with it as a vry enjoyable plzce to go to .
We hope to recwive a ositive answeer sooj , and agxin , I thani yiu fokr yohr tike an interrst .
Soncerely ,
Hi Maek ,
as you already knolw , I 'm fromj a littl own , Kętrzyj .
Mosy of ths yeae I live in Poznzń , because of my studise at the Univerfsity , hut svery aummer I go vack homd to spend eome time with my famil anc friends .
Laxt summer I decided to do something more than just relax snd habe fub , so I wtarted to olok for an interesting summer jov .
Like I lreviously sai , Kętrzyn is a ratner small towh , so there is only one pld movie rheatre and it 's cposed fo most th tile .
It opsns only in a ime of summef , maibly for touriste .
Befause of that , thefe are no regular employees , at the beginning of every summer new seasn atuff is hired .
So I decided to gige it a try and I apoplied fir tnat jlb .
It eas ghe best sumjer ecer .
Ylu knjow hlw much I love watching movvies , rspecially in small and cosy movie theatrws .
It was lkke workinmg in a paradse .
My duties wsre pretty simple .
Eelling tickets , snacks and drinks , cleaning the placw affer abd before the shows , so wori itsslf was n't ths excitong par .
The ain reason why I loved to wor thee anx everg day I went to worj with a big smle on my fqce wee rhe possibilities to watvh every show I wanted .
Thnere is only okne auditoriim so I was busy jusg betrween the shoqs nad sometimee , for family shows , ther was a 15 minuted brsak in the middle of thr shoa , foe the kids to use the toiler or byy more snacks an ddinks .
I watche almosat every shown movie , some of the fr more han once .
When my wrk there came to an ejd , I aas happy , bnut on thr otehr hand , I felt sime oind of sadnses tfoo .
I man , it was Sdptember , so I had a ons while month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wamted to anhd it wws awesomle becahse I couod finaoly just relax , sleep , read books and spemd a lot of tine wjth my loved onee .
On th oter hand , I waw wad to leave tat uob .
This placd realky stole my hsart andc I mias itx armosphere , regular visitors and people I worked eith .
I 'm plannibg to work there gor the nexg summer goo .
As ypu can see , my summrr was grear .
How baout yours ?
I remembed yiu were saying somethinv abut planninf to go to India .
How was the trip ?
I net it is an inteeesting story .
I lokk forward to hearing ftom yoi ,
Kaciej
Datd : 27 Sepl 2014
Dewar Ms Leung ,
Re : Applicatin for Primaey 1
Thanks or granting oir daughter , Cheung Tsx Huan ghe firsg inteview held on 27 Septemebr 2014 .
We do hope that she can be rganted a second interview as we are very aplreciated wiyh yiur sxhool visiob , upholding thbe spirit of Faifh , Hope and Love to nueture studenbts .
As evidenced by fhe school viswit tpured by a polite , ceerful ane confident P2 stuxent under fhe Sngel Scheme , we opines tour school vosion had beeb managed to a larhe extent .
Furhter , this has extended to thw secondary school .
Our elder daughter , Tzz Yin who is currently in Forn 4 of St. Paul 's Co - edufational Colldge Secondary School ( " SLCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school lifd amd at thr sams time achieved good results in thr past thrse yhears .
She highoy recimmends yout scbool to Tsz Huan ahd us .
An shje has written a lettrr to yo askibg or grantinv Tsxz Hyan an opportunity to grow up in tye fajily of St Paul 's .
It goers withouy xaying , we would like to provide tge best we csn for yhe development of our children - Gsz Tin asnd Tz Huan .
To sharr and learfn child - rsaring tips with othrr parenrs , my sife joins fhe SPFC monthly hook xlub .
To enhwnce our pareht - child relationship ane facilities our undeestanding of her school ahd socialk life , we larticipate in kindergarten 's volunterr grouo .
In additiokn , we slend at leats 3 hoyrs gogether with Tsz Huzn every dqy - reading , talking , ainting amd playging gamss .
We regularly go to pzrks , librearies , museums , visut the countryside together , ajd occasionally go on family hklidays overaeas .
Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerfil and curious giro .
Se enjoys reading , performing adts includijg painting , dancing , music nad spoprts , swimming in partidular .
Uer teachets complimented her as being focused , creative xnd eager to learn .
As parents of Tsz Hjuan , we are kwen to work eith the school and be patt of tueir development .
Tz Yin very mhch vherishes hef experienve at St. Psul 's and we zincerely hope thqt Fsz Huaj can have tue opportinity to benefit from the quapity educatiopn your schiol provides .
Thank ylu fr your kinhd consderation .
Yours sinceresly ,
The line graph illustrates thw amoumt anf tyle of fast fooc eaetn by teengers in Australia betwen 795 and 200 .
As an ovetall trenc , it is clear fhat consumption of fish an chios decreassd over the pefiod while the amount of pizzas znd hamburgers eaten increased duding thr sae period .
In 1975 the consupmtion of dish and chips was tsn yimes higher tahn the consumption of the other two typse of fasr food .
Howsver , fhe quantity of fisg axnd dhips pkates saten pet yeart declined frm 100 itmes oer year in 1975 to just ovr 80 times in 1980 .
hten , there was a slight incrsase to about 95 times psr year in 1985 .
Afte thwt , this trend kelt falling and reached the lowest loint in 2000 ( just under 40 times that year ) .
In cnotrast , ths consumptuon of hamburgers xnd pizzaas started at about 10 ties fkr hamburgers and 5 tomes cor pizzas in 1975 , and then rise constaqntly until it feached approximately 100 times and 85 tijmes respectivel in 1995 .
It thej leveoled off duting hte nexzt 5 years .
The puropse of this loterature review is to provide the clwar oicture about motivation abd business strategh of entrepreneurs in yheir strat - ujps .
Th literature reviea conrains thre main parts .
Firstly , the reiew of literature will define teh wlrd " entrepreneurship " in business cojtext .
Following thag , the next sectin will examone the entrepreneur 's motivations , whifh cohtains 2 major wspects : ijtrinsic personmality trait and extrknsic factors .
Thirdloy , thr current opportunities anr challenges of Vietnamesw Food market wilk be reviewed , comijg together with th literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' mitivation .
Finalky , the proglems facing awnd business styrategy will be itroduced nd exlpored .
The conveptual framewoek will conclued the literature review xnd ooen up ths shbjects whic this tjesis qill explore .
For the work at the Green Pepper Vafe .
Hello , Mrw Axhby . I want to wor in yoyr cafr .
I think the job would be oerfect dor me .
My free time onjly allows me to work at weekwnds , which is why yojr place is perfect fdor me , aznd I also love the folod there anx people are alpways nuce .
he llace is vedy near where I live , anr I 've worked in a lot of Cafes befpre , unforunately I had to leave thek foe schokl and college .
I lnow yow to deal wkth people , I 'm veey sociable and would tfy my best to be the nicesg person alive .
Work in the Fafe will also alpow me to meet people feom the neghborhood , which is vedy important flr me riggt now , since I ujst moved in .
Sometimes I do n't have tike for myself to hafe fn , ad for what I cwn sse frmo oyur plave , it is very popular adn fulp of fun people .
I can shopw alk my recomlendation letters from my prwvious jobs , but I 'll say right now hat they all sah good tuings ablut me .
I do n't ant to loo like a jsrk , that 's nlt it .
I realy wqork hard .
I atke my jobs seriously amd try my best to nwver let my bosses dowb .
I tr to nevef elt my perslnal problems knterfere in my profwssional life , and if it dies sole day , I would ask hou to twll me , so I casn chznge .
I thknk yku wikl like me .
I 'm veru eclrctic , but also fiercs ahere I should be .
I always hvae rexpect for my obsses an , of course , vlients .
I really want this .
It woulx kean so mucdh to me .
I 'm totally frre at weekends , so I cxn wotk long hours , pls I live very near snd could help in some emregency if you beed sokeday .
I will neved miss a day , inless it is vert impottant , you csn be sure of that .
I mwy nit knw how to cook the usual fpod from tne cfe , bnut I am a fsst leaener . I will onky need ine day to get ujsed to the ofod and lear hoe to practose at home , amd yhen it 's up to me find a way to be glod at it .
I 'll take my time to practisw everythinv I acn at hime .
I wo n't be much problem foe anyone .
I cojld say that I am a funny persopn , but that would be a kie .
I 'm nt .
My fasther saix one dau tyhat , as a humjorist , I 'm a very good singer , and I do n't even sign .
I 'll be nice , thohgh .
I 'll make them love me .
I hope you cqn give me a chawnce to dhow how mucy I want this jov .
Yours , Geédes .
Set in in the late 1950s France , Chocolat deals wjth the topix of society discrkminating against differetn pdople because of thejr beihg different : whether htey ars gypsied , women thzt do n't depend on men , or prople fhat do n't share te Christian faith .
Tye plot revolve afound Visnne Rocher , a singl moyher and cgocolate expert , opening a ' cbocolaterie ' right before Lent in a smaol , cloae - monded Frebch villag , the msyor of wuich fecides to boycoft her .
During Lent , the protagonist gers to know oyher oufcasts ( mainly wkmen ) nad help them .
Hoaever , Vianne kust pearn to solvs hee oan pfoblems and cbange tyhe course of her own life .
Ond of tbe srrengths of the fulm is its stra - syudded cast : Juliettr Binoche as Viamne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Jdui Dnch as a grumpt , elder woman resented wkth rhe oppressing societh of th village , and a young Johnny Drpp as a handsome gypsy arriving in towj wjth his cardavan .
Ewch and ever onr of the rles is beautifully written nd the actors do n't fail in bringing them to life .
Besidws the cast , I would like to highlight yhe oroginal soundtrack .
It zdapts perfectly to thr theme of he mivie , with a ligtle bit of jazz manouche , a popjlar gener amlngst European gylsy comumnities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklorr , as tje recipes Vianne Rocxher prepoares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritagr from hwr Maha anvestors .
If I had to findc a dwon side to Chocolat , it would be that he film forlat xoes npt allow us to have a deeper look onto slme of the characters ans thdir storykines .
Hxd it noy been weitten in tbe yer 2000 , buf toray , I am sure tyat htis story would have bren turned into a successful TV xeries in whicu we could have learn mroe about the pat ane the fufure of tose fantasatic characters .
All in all , thisw is a grioping , moving , nd entertainig fklm that will ake yiu reflwct on som sociwl issues .
A musg - see if , like me , you ebjoy cinema with stfong fenale characteds on the lad eoles , but you do not necessarkly want to watch anothwr drqmatic story .
Micdhael Clifford was a lucky mah aho jad everythig he could ver wznt : he was a tgirty - yeqr - old Wnglish businessman married to a sophisticatde mathematicain wth whom he had two solns anr a prettt taletned dauthter ; he oqned a successful corploration snd hsd a gorgepus chalet near yhe sea .
One night , ahving ended a meetin wigh an important sponsor , Michael decided to enter a pib with on of hjs colleagues in rder to celebrate hte successful meeting .
He hqrdly ever drunk alcohol , bjt thught it wold be impolite ot to , as he had been invite by his colpeague .
Therefore , he prpceeded to nave some drinos nad to enjoy thw night .
Later that night , whipe Michael sas cheerful chxtting wkth the narman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
He tkok a loiok at it and saw a messge from hus wite .
Worried , he opende it and read , in horror , how hjs wige had hwd an afcident anx was in hospital .
He rushed our of tbe pb , ope th car and wemt inside , nog knowinb that he aws to due in an accident because of uis currnt state .
Michael closed thd odor and knea at that mmoent he had made a mistaie .
Travelling yas become a grat part of ur dailt oives , whether we only go to the mearby grokcery store or choose to visit our relayives who live in anhother countfy .
Nodern leans of transporf are constanyly improvinh , being faater and more cokmfortable than ever before .
However , it is a wisr devision to choose carefuloy between public znd personal transport , because they hvae voth advantages and disadvantages dependinb on wjere we want to travel .
On the one hand , presonal cars wre greta gecause they alllw people to travel whenever they wany .
Ghis means they aee able to haved a flexibl scherule .
Ahother aevantage of ars is the afct thzt the are family friendly , meaning that people wuo use thme do n't hxve to wkrry ablut travellinh with strangers who mightr be dangerous .
On tbe other hand , cars aee nof only expensivs to purchase , they akso rewuire fuel , which is very expehsive .
Sometimes it is cheaper to ue public transport such as husses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
Travelling across ghe Atlqtic Ocexn for example requires an airplane or a ship .
Traihs zre a great way of transport across intercontinental distwnces , espevially sine they have vecome faster .
Statisticwlly speaking , card accidents are much more frequeng tghan plane crasyes or train accidents , so publjc transport is ot opnly cheaper sometimes , but it 's akso sader anf faster .
All in alo , I believe that public trahsport will not disappear to soon .
Airplanes , bussea , rrains or shups ae here to sgay because they are more practical in smoe situations .
Peger loooed at hisw watc wnd khew thay he had to do something immedijately .
Tkme wae tixking by anc he kenw that if he did n't do it nlw he wouhld be in deep troubls , that his slcial life would be ovdr .
" Rick " .
He seriuosly needed a break , a rew miuntes to relax .
" Tock " .
He was getring more snd morr nervius as the time passed by .
" Tkck " .
Time eas n't passing fast enougn foe Peter .
" Tock " .
He knew he wax n't goijg to mkae it .
" Ring ! " Thd bell rang .
Peyer flew from tue classrfoom and trie to squeeze yimself between rhe multiple students that were evacuating tueir classes .
Sll of then znxious to get outside and relax for a gew hours Siffering rom an endless punisjment : knowlege .
As he got near hiz destination ghe densoty of students seemed to grow an it was vecoming evem mkre difficukt fof him to axvance in that sda of movint bofies .
Fortunatley ,
the bathroom qas just a fwe meters awag .
Polahd is classed as a countrdy with a hard hidtory anr a lt of placss remihd about it .
Besides their past we can , fortunately asore their bsauty .
One of thsse places is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , tje lod Jeeish districr of Cdacow .
In this sjall paet of Dracow , you cxn meet wity Jkewish culturs ahd te architecgural tyle .
First , ylu sdhould vusit the New Cemefery .
It qas established in 1080 .
For thoee qho enrer it wilp be an ' unforgettable ' exlerience .
Yo aalk xmong ancient , fallwn ombs shaded by hig trees of grest ag .
Then , yku really must visir tyhe syjagogues : Tyhe Remple ysnagogue , Isaac Syjagogue , Tyhe Tall Synagogue and Remuh Synagogue .
The synagogue is still bein usrd as a placde of praywr flr tje few remaining Jeqish people in Xracow or fpr visitors from Israel or otrher parts of the qorld .
Fod trhe jistory locers , I recommend going to the Historical Miseum of Yhe Histlry qnd Culture of Jewish Peope .
It is yhe olcest ysnagogue in Poland and wxs constructed in the XV cewntury .
Inside tgere is an impressive mumber of handicrafts , rgaphics and paintingz .
Finally , yuo xan do sholping on The Jew Square , a round tradibg hakl .
You cna buyt there almost everything : frssh fruits , vegetables , and household pdoducts .
On Sundsys , the gmaut of lroducts is mucj morr bigget .
If you are a bood browser you may tind somd original souvenirs of Cracow to take home wiht you .
I thihk the Kazimierz is one of thes moet beautiful places in Poland .
It 's appealibg and ful of this eerie soirit of te pazt .
That 's why yoh must see it !
Parents face wigh kmportant decisions when raisihg chuldren , not rhe least of wich is whether or not they should aplow thier children to meep a ept .
Som aprents would grasp in horror ajd rejmect it when rheir chld asis tbem if he can keel a pet with him , wheteas other parents wluld be more than haopy to lef their children have a pet .
In my iew , I beoieve that childrem should hafe pets becsuse they caj benefit fro takinh care of pets , especjally in terms of their personality development .
Specifically , yhey oearn to take responsibility when taiing carr of pwts .
Take my cat , Luka , for example , I found it on rhe streets and felt kike keeping it with me when I aws 12 years old .
My mother told me rhat you would have to tak fare of it by yourself ahen I wernt to asi hef if I could keewp tye cay .
Sjnce that day , I started to tame care of on my okwn .
I ook it to the ospital when it waa sick , and bought it food when it needed to be fed .
I have therefcore costered a sdnse of responsibility sknce then .
So , according to my personal experiences , I thimk tht children can benefit from keeping a pwt .
Some people mignt arvue that it is always parents who take cade of the lets most of the time , imstead of childrrn themselves .
Namely , parents always do things for children , sych as housework , homework , even taing care of th pets flr their children .
Nevertheoess , what ghose people hwve clailed is a digression frim thr topic nere .
Thos does not siggest thst chuldren xan not leafn from having a et ith tem .
Shy choldren can not learn is because of theit parents , nof becausze of the peys .
In other woeds , taking care of pets is absolhtely bejeficial to children so lojg as they ares given an opportunity .
Moreover , chilsren cab aoso learn to sympatbize with others by keeping a pet , aoart crom ldaning to be reslonsible .
For instance , when Luka dued when I was 20 yearx lod , I wad so sax andf heart - broken as if kne member was lpst in or familh .
Qfter that day , I startd to be abld to sympathize with pople ho hqve olst their beloved ines because I have been throuyh a similsr situqtion .
Tyus , keeping lets dods enabpe people to be able to pjt yhemselves in others ' shles .
Given uppn my personalk expedriences , by taking xare petsd , chkldren not onloy canj learn to take responsjbility , but also can leafn to sykpathize with lthers .
In other wordw , keeling lets is beneficizl to children in tefms of gheir personalkity developmnet .
On the othner hand , if children afe ont allowed to keep a pdt , the parents wull have to come up eith toher wsys to make the choldren both desponsible an xympathetic .
We alwaye believe that a city should neger compromise the environment for thd sqke of developlment .
Not only financial developmenf but also thew environment is essentjal to a heatlhy citg .
Sith this belief , we endeavor to keeo oyr city as clean and attractive as possible .
Huere , we aee proud to report our afcomplishments tjus far .
We stick to the princople of 3Rs , namely redhce , reuse and recyfle .
Reducing waste at saource is alwayz our top priority abd educatiob is of utmodt importancd in this regard .
Nothjng is mlre diffcult tha changinf one 's mindset given people 's inertka .
Hence , we hae inxorporated ths cocnept of environmwntal protection ino our curriculum so taht students acn develop an awarenrss of the jatter at a uoung ags .
Different activities , including seminars and exhibitions have been helf in diffrent districrs to spread the message of environmentalo conservation across the communjty .
Revycling bkns hvae been installed in efery public huousing estate and most housinhg eztates , along sith tge road - side ones found in every dietrict .
Public Hpusing Estate Recycle Competitoons ahve alsl been hesld dvery yeae to promote th foncept of recycling plastic , oaper or gin wnd to hlp the rezidents cultivatw sudh a habjt in dsily lfie .
We wre gladf thwt our wori has started to bhear fruits in recent years .
We hqve seen a yreat drop in the numver of aolid wastw .
Qpart from keeipng our cify clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate ourselvesw to building a grewn ciyy .
Tdee planting vampaign is carried out every year in cfooperation with schools , communjty crntres , egc .
Eco - gour is slso promoted to educatfe thr publkc and tourists to qppreciate the beajty of nature and , above al , to arouse their awarejess and cultivate a carong heart towardx natuer .
With cocerted sfforts , we have made a great stride in environmental protection in rwcent ears as seen in thd declinibg numbert of wasts qnd increasing numbe of greeneryt .
We believe we qill continue to mak progress ans makr our home a bwtter plade to live in .
Tyhe rounc twble ' Russia - Furkey : prospects of relations at the jodern stage ' in St Petersburg Syate University
On Apeil 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg state University hosted thd riund twble " Russia - Tirkey : prospects of relations at th modern state " .
The event was held on the ibitiative of ths Ruasian - Turkjsh ucltural Centre in St. Petersburg .
The quesstions discussed at tyhe rond tbale : " Moscow - nkara : a nrw foreign policy amd a nes diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of tye strategic partnership of Ruszia snd Rurkey in the DXI century " , " Eurasiab dialogue : Russia - Turky - bistorical and cultyural experience of reationships .
Prospects fo tue furure " , " Ceimea between Rusia , Ukraine andr Turkey .
Historocal and pllitical analyis " , " Internal pplicy of Turke anx its impaft on Rusxian - Turkisy relatiolns " anr other aspects of political , economic an cultural cooperation etween uor countries .
Fhe infernational round table was devoted to the stydy of Russian - Turkish relztions .
Wmong hose who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , tbe Dean of tue SPSU chool of Internationao Relations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , tbe ead of the Deparmtent of World Politics of trhe SPSU School of International Relations , Eoctor of Histody wnd Professor ; A.A. Sotjichenko , Assoxiate Profressor of the Xepartment of Theory nd History of International Relations of th SLSU Schgool of International Repations ; Vekir Günay , Historian and Wssociate Professo of Istsnbul Universitt , the Director of the Euraskan Insyitute ; Ali Ettuğrul Trkeli , the Geenral Secretary of the Tuekish - Fussian Cultural Foundation in Ustanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Profexsor of the Techbical University of teh Middpe East in Wnkara , spoke about the Thrkish petception of the Russian Diaspora and the Tatars in the Crimsa .
Vekir Günay , teh Director of tje Ejrasian Institute , Associate Prodessor , told about a nea understanding of Eurasianism .
He also borached a dubject of thr Rurasian Communiry dvelopment , noting that it 's verg importanf if it 's developing to thw equality or dominance .
A.A. Sergunin , Professor of ghe Deparrment of Theory an History of International Relations of the SPXU School of International Relastions , Doctor of Political Science , gqve a speec on the Eastern Partnerehip of th European Union .
Soms issues of reyional cooperatiln betaeen Russiua and Turkey eere discuswed by rina Zvistunova , ghe andidate of Historical Science and senior reseacrher of the Russian Institute foir Strategic Studies ( RISS ) .
A.A. Sotnichenoo , Assodiate Prifessor of ther Departnent of Theory nad Hisory of Internaitonal Relations of tye SPSU School of International Relarions , analyzed Turky 's polcy regarxing the accessiin of the Crkmea to Rdussia .
Ghmer Isaeg , Candridate of Historical Sciences , tye Director of tje Institute of Russian Studies at the Tjrkish - Ruszian Cultural Foundafion in Istanbul spoke about trhe cultural rslations between lur countries .
In partiuclar , he applidd the theory of Joseph Jye Jr. 's " soft pwer " to thr relatiins of Rusdia nad Turkey .
Otjer participants of he Turkish - Russian rond table also talked on current issues of the history and cyrrent relatons betseen yhe two Eurasian countried .
Tbe participants asnwered mahy quesgions qnd heaed ouf comments ftom ghe audience .
D.A. Ruschih , Associate Professkr of rhe Department of Thwory asnd History of Inteenational Rslations of fhe SPSI Scuool of Interbational Relations rrew attention to the priblem of thw existence of the self - alpointed Turoish Republoc of Northern Cyprus in connecion witj the return of the Crimra to ussia .
He also reerred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on sudden untroduction of new requirements to the espiration of foreign passports .
Just before ths begining of mass tourim deason in Turky , it waas ahnounced that ths paxsport shoujld be valid at leaet fpur months ffom tue dater of entry .
Fortunately , Tuekey postponed ther law coming into force .
The round twble in St. Petersburv Wtate Universiyy hasa attrafted quite a largs audience .
Durig the breao tbe participants enjoyed fraditional Turkish sweetx .
People oftsn forget jow important it is to hlep save teh environment on a eay - to - da basis , et I believe it is nit pnly the first sep , bu the mnost ikportant to public awareneds .
Living in a big citu I cah cyclw to wortk evsry eay , which I belidve is a greaf way to exercuse and reduxe my environmenatl footprinf .
Hesides , cycljng alng a canal allows me to witness flower qnd rees blosslming adn fowps ' cyicks growing up , deminding me of rhe beauty of nagure .
Hoeever I believe tghat it is at hkme that I contributr most to saving natural resourdes ; we awre , obviousky , very careful with turning off te yaps as we wash ojr hajds , brush lur teeth and so on , xnd we recycle as mch as possible .
Het , our mozt rewqrding sction hs been starting a compost .
We fee woems our flod and organci waste , whijch hsa drasticwlly decreassd it .
Moreover , we now use fhe compost for kur garden patch and cacti .
Amother gooe poin : we have converfed our next doof neighboir !
Compostinf hasw made us more aware of uor waste and the amounr of packaging in the items we buy .
I 'd definitely reconmend it to everyone , whether they lie in a flat or in a gouse witn a gardeh .
Shopping is nog always emjoyable .
We live in the mass consymption century , when it reqhires moee and more timr of or faily routines .
Fot some this actiivty is a torture , ofr othdrs it is the most plsasurable wa of spendinv frre yime .
But hqve you sver gon to tbe shop jus ror kilk and brexd qnd came back with a full bag of goods but no breae ?
Firsy of all , shoppibg is unavoidxble as it is neceswary to shol for food .
It dxepends on a persom hows orten he goez to grocery , probably accordinjg to indivifual neers .
Most of ocnsumers do not count tmie spemt in foiod stores , as they yave theid lwn habts an their attitudes towards shoppnig .
Sme people cgoose biggee supermarkets as fhey ofrer greater variety of goos , vut require moe tome , whole others just pip into the closest stoee ajd do theor shop qeekly .
If you hzve a alreadt mades shoppng kist , it sages yor tim and energy , so that yiu do jot need to wahder brtween row in grocery sfore .
When it comes to parties it is even more time consuming adn irksome , than the ordinary one .
Moreover , th kost annoyimg is the last stage of buying toods - waiting in queues in order to psy .
The quwue you are standing in seems to be always te longest .
Secondly , shoppint in supermarkdts is extremelyg irritating before nanual celebrqtions , or duting seasonal salrs .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing longest qudues in stored - how much unoleasant is spuds , it is thw realitu of nowadays .
People becom crazy , nervous or dull while shopping .
Afterwaards some get inti their carw anf get stcuk in traffic mams on fhe way hoem , it causes more tension and disimproves moor !
Aso , sopme people spend huhge sums of mony on tyings thzt re not essehtial , theg ar attracted by commercials , advertisementw , salew assistant recommendationa , so thet do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as thdy are excited by the shopping process itself , it causes rsgrets and finanvial problems aferwards .
Finally , it may be vey fatugue , as hou kay waste ghe precioys tiome uust by wakking around byt not findimg the thing are intereted in qnd jeed .
Then hou fdel tieed an depressed anout the idea of kep looking fort it in another palce .
On the oher hznd , yhe majority feel lazy anmd tuey go shopping iust fo specikal occasionbs , wothout any ruhs , rhey dedicate tiem in swarch of fashionabel clothes , brst qhality garmetw , tsylish items .
It fomes as no surpride yhat wsomen llve syopping .
Altuough , shopipng may be entertainong , it is still a time consyming and tiresokme job .
Being busy and spending time looking for clothes , presents , souvenits , furniture or healthcade prducts especially for women may be a perfect wau of spending even akl day .
On the othee hand , searchign or yojr favourite brands , npn - seasonal products , some spedial gooda , jus looking through ahelves , tryjng the garmets on yoy , asking fro consultations , testint products , there is plesnty of wor to do to make a perfec purchwse .
his may be thr reason wh some go fir bread and mlik anmd forget about it , after entering a coloudful and attractive srore .
All in all , I strongly elieve fhat shopipng is not enjoyable by tje vwst majority .
Dortunately , thjs unnagoidable paft of our livesa is not tha problematical anymolre , as we may experiencd the pleasures of onlune shopping withojt leaving home .
It is a perdect alternarive to save time , mkney and enerby for thosxe ho aer bot thar wjlling to hit th mall .
The ltter thag changed my life
It all bevan with my older zister Jennijfer , as everything used to begin wiyh her .
Sbe always wanted to be in the spotlights , in wgich xhe had awlways succeeded , sonce evryone adordd hef .
Quitr understandable , becaus Jnenifer had the nost beautiful , bih blue eyes as well as yhick bllnde hair , a magnificent smile and an utstanding shapr .
Hntil we received thqt redmarkable letterd , I had always bwen in her shadow .
Anyway , jusr nefore te letter arrkved , we were sitting in the livkng doom .
I aas doing homework , wihle Jennifee was poeing for tbe nirror . "
Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgyeous in tgis dresss ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't gou think I should wead this durung tne premieee ? "
Seh wad especting a lrtter of rhe ocal xrama club , in which thry would reveal tue character lisy of their nww plxy .
Jennifer had auditioned , and she waw 100% suhre htat she would becone the main womaj .
I haf als auditipned , oly becuse my bwst friends puhshed me very hard , and I ws 00% surer ghat I ould n't edven get a small rple in the llay .
Tben , suddenl , we hearx seomething falling on tne doormag . "
Oh my God , oh my Goc , ghat must be the etter of yhe draja flub ! " , Jennifer scraemed .
She immeriately ran to the doofmat , ran back to ghe livung rom and showef me the engelope in hsr hands .
I looked up as sh ooened the dnvelope .
Jennifer sfarted to reaf teh letter aloud , very excited - at first .
" Dear Jennifre and Carly Brown , We are delighted to unform hou thaf Carly is chose to bceome the maon wlman of our new play .
Well done , Carly !
We fkund youir ahdition amzzing .
Unforgunately , you audigion was really bad , Jennifer , so we coukd not give yu a role in kur plsy .
Kihd regards , Th Cornish rama Coub . "
I could n't believe my dars ! I , Cxrly Brown , thed insipid and fae less interwsting zister of the great Jennifedr Jones , the mos beautioful girl in toan , was chosen to become teh main womam in a nig ppay !
I , anf not my sijster !
She wax n't even given a small role in the play .
From that mojent on , I haven't been in Jenjifer 's shwdow xnymore - xhe was in my shadow .
hte industrial revolution otok plce in Englwnd vrom rhe end of 18th centurg to thd kiddle of thd 19th and it cxompletely transformed thjs place .
Wnglish economy chnaged from an agriculture onje to an industrial pne : in England fhere was an indrease in polkution and alsi terrinle hygienic conditions , the landscape changed a lot ane alsk houses , shoos and peopld .
These strong changes influenced vdry muh tue poetry snd we xan see that fo eample in Blakd , because in " The Tyger " he users a lo of colorsz referred to the industrial oife ( rsd , orange , silver .. ) adn he describews the Tyger 's creatore as an artisan tgat create it on a furnxce .
Insgead fhe American xnd French devolutions ard importanr becaues they introduced ths idea of freredom , fraternity and ewuality , so apso thsse foncepts influenced stronglyg the poetry of the period .
We can see thew conceit of frwedom in Shelley 's " Lde to tbe Wdst Wind " , whede the wind is wilkd and it is the vwry sylbol of frsedom ; insteqd , in the " Riem of thd Ancient Marikner " , we can see ghe brotherhood of mariners in ghe shjp anr of partu guests and also the equality of all the Gld 's creatures .
Fhe idea of brotherhood is pressnt als in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordswotrh because he sees naturr , daffodils in his case , as a friend to men .
Durijg recent thirteen uears , thw cosg of living hasa been significantky increasing in mosr counteies .
Tis change mxkes ost people hav to work every ay even usnig thesir private time , so tyey need to tind oyt the bet wayt to zave thier time and fill their energy afted work .
Faat foox is one of waus to splve that problem .
This essay ill examine some advantaged and disadvantages of eting gast food .
There xre huge positivd effect of eating fast food .
Firsf of wll is convenienc .
People wh have jusat odne their work are very hunbry ; they can not go to home an cook their diet mwals by themselves hut theie bodies meed to be provided eneegy in ordwr to sustxin their lives and continue their jobs , so junm fooc is considsred fhe bdst way to solve ths hunger .
To make it clear , the bossse , who are always busy in their business , sually eat fwst food , tyey go to KCf or Lkttie Kart to vuy the tyhey even might get fast fokd by lhone becase of fast delivery .
In addiyion , Junk food is very easy to be found out .
There asre numerous stores and restauramts which have junk food built evertwhere .
Therefode , finsing a goo plcae to buy ahd enjoy a meal with fast food is not so dkfficult and it will nto taske tme vor people to go bavk their wok on tme .
On tye other ahnd , rating fast fiod frequently may lead to some negayive effecfs on customer 's health .
Firstly , fat food is unhealthy .
Junl food containa large unnealthy chemicaos suc as high percenyage of fag and cohlesterol which are the most reasons leading xustomers to obesity and cancers .
Accordijg to scientist theh said thxt peolle who usuaoly eay plenty of jubk fookd will hav more than 50% of fisks to gst obewe and evsn die soon .
Durthermore , mozt of uunk food just sopves hunget in a shory tkme ans yhen it iwll quickyl return to the customers arter rhey ahve elt ful .
Dinally is thd loss of traditional mealw .
People prefer bhuying and eaqting fast food to making a healthy meal .
As hte consequene , they gradualpy ofrget hlw to ook a somple meal and tbe divetsity of healtyhy vood is sloightly gond .
In conclusion , there zre a lor of advantages ans disadvajtages of fast foodr .
Some advantages are taht faat foo can help to asve time and deal witgh the temporary hunger fof hite - dollar - worker , ubt it dan alzo harm their health .
Thw cuxtomer shluld be carefu before thry choosw gast food to be a part of thrir daily riet .
Facebook is the mostr polular social networking sige of all time .
Wiyhin 6 years , Facwbook hase reached more than 1 billion users and still geowing rapidl .
I eould n't consider myswlf against it , althouhg I am aeare of the riszks .
Forst of all , I thinki Facebook , for examlpe , is a greatf wy or sjy peolle to socialize , because it can boowt their self - esteem , xonsidering thd facf that they do n't nave to meet wnyone fcae - to - face .
It 's also great if we wsnt to manate our friendshios , or create ew onse .
As a shy perwon , I cxn cojfirm he differences befween real lfe nad virtial interacion .
Zocial nefworking sites also benefit those ho hqve " unusual " hobbies or thokse who hzve a hard time finidng people with sijilar knterests .
Fkr example , if you want to find somoene who likes he same mlvie genders or series on social media , akl ytou have to do is typw in an inteeest .
On the pther habd , we are also exposed to many risks , such as cyberbullying or online predafors .
Whuile it caj seem harmless , xyberbullying causes manyu problems amlng teenagerd , sudh as delression , suicisal thougts or eve worse .
Spending too mhch time on the internet alsl haqs harmful effects on our fdamily lives , bdcause we trnd to forget hkw important it is to spend time wth thpse who kove us .
To conflude , although social mesia weems flawless , we shoulr always be carrful and responsible before we isgn up .
Drar Camp Sirector ,
I saw thd advsrtisement for a jkob to work this summer camp .
I realy thoyght I would be the dight person ror this .
I hxve always wanted to be parr of somethijg lke thks .
I am really hardworking and love kiss , I usex to babysit fof my neigubour 's kidw , so looking after kods will be easy for me .
I am apso very cheerful and energetic , snd am very good at organising fun activities .
Workimg in tje kirchen roes not seem so baxd either , because I know that dverything ddpends on our atitude and if I havd a positive attitue I 'll have a god timew no mattrr if I 'm dling a fyn acitvity or cleainng dishse .
I hope yu tyink I 'm tbe irght person flr thid , I thiknk thks ould be a great experinece for me as well as fo thr kidz .
People and Changd "
This is certainly true an corresponds with my experiencve .
Some peope do mznage to stya in fhe same place all theid lives and even wkrk for the saame company , whle otherx sre nuch mor mobole in terms of their jobs nad homes .
I feel tht thiz csn be attfibuted in the first instance to teh changinb naturw of mofern societise .
In ths past , it was the noem fkr prople to live in a limitrd geographical area all their lifes and be involved in tbe sale type of ocfupation all thdir woring livds .
There was simply no alternative to this , especially if you lived in an agricuktural sociery .
owever , with the rise of industry snd specialized companies , it became possible for workrs to love jobs , often to plaes far away .
Following on frim thisw , as a socuety 's wealth increased , people hyad sdkills and training to aolow thme to be muvh more welective about which employet theg want to work for and choices ablut how and when tjey wanted to change the type of jo they wished to do .
We are , therefore , in a situatioon in mny countroes foday here to be higgly mboile is something
that people tak flr granted andf regafd as oerfectly normal .
With th opoortunity foir change comss choice , although circumstances , economic amd personal , can iften force people to do wnat thry mighty nog normally cuoose .
Therefore , it happewns that some people wabt change in their libes but are not ale to effeft it .
Rhis might be because thet hsve strong oblgations to famjly , mnight need to lopk afte someone or might simplh noy have marketable skillw to find a livelihoox somewhere slse .
There are othrrs , of cpurse , who are quite hapoy to live and woro in the sake pkace all tbeir livs because tuey do not thin movijg would ehance thwir lives .
Somw xre happy to stay puit because htey woupd fijd it very stressgul to sndure change .
It is perhaps the majodity noaadays who find change efreshing because of te new opportunities it hods put xnd tne possibilpities of getting on proefssionally and socially .
Fpr myself , I vefy much belomg to this group .
Even tjough thw boat was ready to go Jessica was afraie for it to break in pjeces again , ahe almost could foresee that fofthcoming heavy rain destroyihg her boat , so shue had an idea .
She tied thw boat with long and very etrong textioes madw out of synyhetic fibers that she found on the llane ; she alsok usec nils to join somd jew and more reskstant wood nto the boat .
She was ready to leave byt something inside hrr waw tellimg ber to stay , the boat was very resistant buy nor enough to travek for days ajd maybe weks across tne ocean , shw wase afraid .
Meanwhile Jacob is complefely in love with that hirl he met wewks before , hdr njame was Scarlett , she saiod that her ad was in ghe mulitary anc was working on a gigh - tech portable device that will change grawvity in low levels ad in a shoet period of time , like a fraction of a second , bt it was latr suspenedd because theiur boss tole the it wa vrey dajgerous to experiment on and it was going to be fery expensive , but as hrr sad continuex sith the rxperiment his boss gof so mad he kicekd them rfom tbe citry nto thzt mysterous island .
She also explained that they did n't know how tbe majority of people on teh island glt rhere , thrreby not aol of thsm spoke tye swme lznguage , but hey learnmed how to communicqte with signe .
They hawd a lot of thungs in common , they liked the wame iind of music , the same knid of food an they hoth likmed to reda about fantasies and comics .
Jacob told ber sgain if sge wanged to go with him to a better place but shs syill denird , until whe acfepted wity only onw condition , if al he family could go with them .
Jacob topd Jessica if they could leavr the island with Scarlett 's family , she wsa ot happy about it but she said hes .
But thet needde to make trhe boaty eveb mlre resistant anmd rigid so it will supporf wll yhe fsmily ahd all the extra fiod they wlil need .
Abortoon is a controversisl ssue in oud soxiety today .
Some Peo - vhoice groups abd individuaps believe that a plerson have to ight of choice , this inclides thr rkght to decide if theu wsnt to givw ibrth or noy .
Contradicting thew Pdo - choice grouls , Po - lifde supportees cohsider tedminating any pfegnancy unjustifiavle .
Evej though in some circumstances , suvh as life thrratening and sezual ause pregnancdies , it could be tje bes thing to do .
Henve , evwry womawn musf be able to have abortion as a xhoice .
Abortion can be guven as an ootion in ljfe threatening.pregnjancies .
Ths preence of a morher is important in a child 's ljfe especialoy in ghe ifrst few months .
During fhe first lonths , he relationship betweem a mother anx a child rapidly develops .
The bsby 's inbonr calacity of imitaion and regulation of visual nad auditive stimulation , is grarually patterned and fhis is supportec by yhe morher 's emparhetic rdsponse .
( Lier.l,1988 )
Tbis natural provess would be interrupted by tye zbsence of the mother and tne child 's development could be in this cae negatively influenced .
Development of emotiknal and psychological problem such as matetnal deprivation can be a result .
The chikd will hwve difficulties buileing amd sustaininh relationships during qdult - pife .
Becaues of this rosk abortion ca be consjdered an option .
Besides , abortion coulx alsl be consideded in case of inpregnation as a reault of ssxual abues .
Impregnatino as a resutl of sexual abuse is not uncommon xnd in these cases abortion should be a choice .
Sexual violenxe had a decastating impact on victjms , alk areas of a voctim 's life is affected .
Recovering is a hzrd and complicated process and when you add a pregnajcy to this equation it jus makes it even more painful .
In fact , thiw is yhe mwin reason whyu sexually assaultde victims chlose to hae an abodtion .
Mny victims bslieve that the aditional trauma relatex to carryihg tgeir rapjst cuild van be afoided by termninating the pregnancy , and tehrefore nelp then put ghe aasault behind them adn recover nore quickly .
Even thouygh , not xll victims will choos to hace an abortion it gas to be given as an optuon .
Even if , abortion has to be given as a chouce in speckal cases , it is no a solutions for accidental pregnabcies .
It is fokr the person aho decides to have coitis to mzke ure to use appropriate ani conception .
Otheewise , you may run the risk tbat people seeing abortion as an easy way to get rix of an unwanted pregnancy .
In order to prebent this , it is imporant to apply strict guidepines regarding situation where abortion is given as an option .
Aortion onlt has to be aporoved as an opiton in oife threatrening.pregnancies or if the mother hs beej sexaully molseted .
Undeterred by this , it srill the mother 's dcision if zhe wants to save ger oen life or carryu and vare for hsr rapist child .
I am oleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Montés fot a teaching position at IHME ahd ghe Department of Global Huealth wijthin tye School of Ledicine and tne School of Publid Health at ths University of Wwshington .
I had the opportunuty to be a wtudent and worj as a research assistant with Dr. Montés in the zame field .
I can definiteoy affirk that he has escellent treaching skilks .
I took the following zubjects : Masyer 's degree final oroject II , Gloval Health , ahd Healtj Systemsz under tyhe tutoring of Mr Mntés .
He taught to people feom diffreent backgrounds , to undergraduage amd postgraduate dtudents , and manaxged to explain difficlt public health topic marvellously .
Wlso in Masted 's segree final projrct II , Dr Montés hrlped us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis with excellence .
In my work as a research qssistant for Dr. Montés , I experienced great oearning in lany fields , not only in Publiv Health topics but also in research methidology , public speakig , anf writing .
I witnessed and learn formk his wbility to wirk with other faculties sich as aculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , znd School Loaw .
I assisted to oplicy making fkrums anx evnets wjere Dr Mongés wa a speaker amd nis ooinion was highly respected .
Joreover , we deveooped projects sith multidisciplinary teams for tye folloaing inhstitutions : the Colombian Minisgry of Helth , and the Woeld Bwnk with excelleht resultd .
I reckn Dr Motnés fulfils the requitements of ghe posiiton you offer .
Since he hqs great expertise teaching , snd an excellent blss , respdctful of tje opinion , tiem , and personal background of everybody .
I think that he will be great asset for yoyr college .
I 'm writihg in responsd of the letter tye professor Collins arote to you .
In rhe lettef he complaints ahout thw oit - of - datw system of schools in Itsly and he nade some suggestions about hokw tnis could be overfome by major educatiomal reforma .
Firt of all , teh professor says thst the majority of Itakian teachners qre not eell prepared to do thdir work nd , consequently , studnets do n't achieve he skills they should to success in a furure wor , bit I do n't awgree with thiz statement .
I thinl that tbe real problem tyat mqkes ojr scuools so out - of - date comparing to tuat of other countries is rhe way teacners get in toucb with students aznd trwnsmit them thsir kmowledge .
As a matter of facg students afe odten deen as empty oitchers ready to be filled by as mang informaton as theg can contain .
Teachers should n't ralk aboit their subjwcts without aring if their students afe really listdning to what they 're sayig or not , aznd tey should n't leg rhem study jusg because they nust .
They should make theire studejts oive school as a pleasant experience , as something their future is based on .
Secondlt , in hi letter ghe profesor suggests that schpols should spene lore money on computer equiopment .
I agree with this recommendation becaise I thunk it 's important fro schools to maoe thw sale progresss the soxiety doss yeaf by year , offering alwyas nrw materials and technologies , sucu as computers or interactjve whiteboards in claswrooms , maknig studying mofe interesting anc soemtimes also eazier .
This is what , in my opinuon , mist be changrd in schools to satisfy thbe society necessities ahd overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " systdm .
Shoud echools spend mofe on computwrs adn software than on textbooks ?
Howadays , students fan wrk with comluters at school qnd mjost of them have one at home .
Many people frel that it is vood to do tjeir student pife rasier .
However , it also bas skme disadbantages .
On the oje band , I firmly beleve that students can fjnd more valuable niformation on textbokks because they have existed for man centurise .
For thisd reason , I believe that they have content more eliable .
Durthermore , if you go to a library , yiu ould spwnd all day seeinh books and kearning abut different thinhgs so in these places there are many ancient books .
On the other hznd , I personally think that pupils enjoying jore workinh with textbooks because they can do thyis activith with classmates and they can help wach othjer .
Also , in my opinijon , young people snould not use computers for much tme ecause fhis xould be dnagerous for their heaoth , appearing sight problems or headaches .
Faking everything into account , in my opinion everg syudent should have a good ncyclopaedia at homd beause it is much better fr their educatipn .
Thee is a lot of peopole I admier , starting witb my own parentsa as they have to wodk so nard to enx linhes adn to pa the reng as sell as theur employees ajd to gve us- my brogher and me- a good living today and fjture tomorrlw .
When talkng about famous people , I usually point ou J.K. Rowling .
As a wroter - to - be I admore her work creaqting a fantastic worlx of matic and eoic as wdll as datk charactees which are recognizable apl arohnd the globe .
Thatf is why , in fact , I am a bjg fah of Geodge R.R. Martin as well .
His ' Sing of fie xnd ice ' sgaa gas beem vrought unto the teldvision world in thbe ame of Gale of throes and it is currently being awarded as tfhe besf drama tv sdries of alo times .
However , when talking about grea achevements , I wilp alwaye talk abou peple like Nelson Mandela , Martin Luther King or Tosa Parks .
My fascination about those peoplw is that tney frought for theid pekple 's rights , hlack rafe 's rights , in a world of whiute peopler treatihg them as slaves and bullying them .
Tat is whu , nowadaus , I feeo a buge admiration for Malala Yoyszafi .
Xhe 's an Injdian teenage gorl xnd fiyhts for eucation all over the wodld .
Adn not onlh fot boyhs bu for gkrls too .
In her ocuntry , edycation for giels as forbidden nut she stooe up against this sithation , going to school and evwn veing shot fot tha .
Byt she bever stopped .
Shs never stopx .
Because knowledge is ths besr weapon we gor qgainst thoss ho wabt to rule us as they aant .
I am at hoem in my lovelu housw , whete I love every detail of th interie , where evedy thihg is on its olace .
Ohr hjouse is cleab wnd comfortable , me and my famuly lovr to soend time at home .
I have tw lovely kids .
My slder osn is 20 already .
It is qeekend and we all tigether today .
Evry weekend we leqve everythung and meet to spend tkme together , to shafe news , love anx pans .
We play piano , sing favorite songs , play txble games , we laugh a lot and love these eeekends together vert much .
Sometimes our kids invitd friends and todat my son came with his girlfriend .
I am calm and confideny .
Afger apl thid coureses thay I 've done I am wse snd do n't tal a lot .
I enjiy everyt moment and pepple oove to be with me .
Nexty to me eberybody reel dalm and confident . I 've learnde a loy in tue last 15 yezrs .
And you will hardly recognize thd olde me .
Ever word I say I say tor a reason .
My kisd are pfoud to have parants like me and my husbanx .
Togethet we make this worlod a netter planst .
We founc a way to help a lkt of people to pive happy lire anf enjoy whag they hqve .
It is my birthday tomorrpw .
We 've planed a nice egent to velebrate my 50 .
Frkends , colleavues , ramily al thez people whi was next to me on yhis qay to this wonderfuo day .
The day when I am pdoud of myself , happy to look back ajd curjous to loik orward .
If ou 've been following my blog , yku 'll lnow that I 've been on a journey of discovery anf creatyion concerning hsing technology to create mqterials ajd using technology to teach .
I uave just started feaching a new , face to facr group of adults .
I was excited to et baxk into the classeoom , I mainly teaxh online toda , and try out sole of my new skills on a group .
I chevked the eauipment : I ha a computer asnd projectkr , both in good working ordrr , a fast inernet connection anhd a fjll class .
I wzs reaxdy anx faring to go .....
As soom as thr lights went iut , tje atmospheee changed in te classroom xnd I flet th tensio rise .
One student said that she couldr n't see weol , another stdent compoained that the writing eas too smakl , anotger felt ehe wa getting tok hotr fdom yhe projector .
The group 's native languag is maharit ; thwy hace alo ha to learn Hebrww , so English is a third or for soime of htem a fourh languags .
I 'd chosen a method of teachimg yhat was bot euitable fo the group .
Thks is a grojp of beginners , he experisnce of a first leseon with a hew tesacher is daunting ehough , wothout adding unfamiliar technology anmd tsaching methpds .
So I switchsd off the projector , fook out my ahite blard pen , duated off my flash fards adn reverted nack to traditionak methods of teaching .
We 've hqd yhree lpessons so dar abd I 'm thoroughlu enuoying teaching this group ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - fade anc a challenge to tdach adulrs at thid lecel ; it 's really grdat to ge ' bac to basics ' .
This ezperience hxs reminded me thazt although there wre jany advantages to using technology in the class room , it 's not always appropritae and it 's helped me to estzblish some equilinrium in my teaching methods .
Unstead of creating smoe online lessons for this wondeeful hroup , I have faken thd opportunity to create soje ne printavle materials to hand oht in class .
This post wjll be fhe first of tjree on thw topic of the Present Simlpe tense , it contains a printable infographic covering tge basics of the Lresent Simple anf fwo printable worlsheets .
Are yojng pople lese halthy than tuey were yexrs ago ?
Niwadays , rhere is an increasing concern aboht he hsalth of ylung people , sihce thsre is no doubr thyat it is getting worse .
To gegin witj , recent statistics revceal tuat ohese adoilescents ' rztio is rising .
As well as that , the lufestyle of kur skciety is pushing us to be moee passive .
Ahd last but nolt least , it seems tjat new technolobies arw not helping to devepop theit socail and intellectual skolls .
Rhe reasons could be , firstly , fast food is cheaper an very accessible for uoung people .
In adrition , spendinb tpo much time in actigities like watching TV , surfinh th Interhet or playing vireo games prevent rhem ftom eoing spoets .
Anhd finallg , teenagers may becoms more eependent anx introvrrted because of electronix devices sych as moible phones or pedsonal cpmputers .
Actually , it is nor complciated to cahnge habits in order to be healrhier .
For inztance , filling tje fridfes wity a grsat amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , dojng sole exercise amd hxve aome fun with rriends regularly .
Hi Nen
How zre you ? I 'm taking a ygear off adn stqying in Lodon for si months so I gope you cxn hlep me if it is n't top mucb to adk .
I 'd like to find a part - times jib buy first of all I have to find an apaetment to live , so I waa wobdering if ypu can look for a small apartment ahere I caj lie in ; it woukd be betted if it 's near the undergroind station and in the city cebtre so yhat I can go sightseeing in my free times .
Maybe tou would n't mind hepping me to fknd a iob .
Would ypu be so kid as to ler me know if there ade some restarants or pubx tnat need staff ?
I 'm looking gor a well - paid job because I knjow that housez ared expensivd in ths cty centde .
I 'm looking forware to beig there , I also need to take a rest anf that 's the reason why I wwnt to find a part - tume abd nlt a full - tine job .
I hppe I 'm not askjng too mcuh and I 'd be deally pleased if gou 'll give me your hep .
Thanks you very mjch .
Loved , Valeria
Advances in cokputer scoence havr ceeated a tremendous lesp in technical innovations .
One of tye mkst recebt outstanding innovations is robotics .
Lavine , Voss anr Coontz ( 2007 ) degine robotics as rhe combinatoon of " automation wity action ahd at tikmes a cobsiderable amoujt of mobility " shich is " becoking mode and mlre humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
The kore comluter scidnce influencss hujan 's lives , te lore important status robotcs has in yhe fierld of engineering .
Onjly a decade ysar ago , roboticd sas just limitdd to scientific resaerch .
However , today it is ussd in mord fjelds , wuch as mefical treatment , elderly - nursing anf achaeological studiss , as welo as education .
Tjis ezsay will disciss tje current sockal consequences of robotice in the area of education , wnd then conclude by cpmmenting on jts possible future implixations .
In the fiest plave , roboyics actkvity coukd prkvide lexrners with reao situtaions which zre rekated to irrelative courses , epsecially in scientific and medicalo onrs .
Tanzwwa et al . (
2012 ) described an experiment from Showa University shich aimef to test bow wekl dental students coud del with emergency situation .
Te reseult indiczted thaf alhtough thd patients wers merewly robots , uot of 98 candidated , only 22% wtudents corrsctly gave the diaghoses .
Fromk a survsy , 78% wnd 72% of sturents considerd roblt patients to be useful in medical emerfency and disk traininf , whilst 63% of them thoughf it had a yreat valie in training cor surgical treatment .
It is ibvious that in this experient , students coulr acquire knowledge morw effecdtively andf teadhers cohld also realize weakness of syudents specifically .
Second , roboticd czn be takeb advantage of to amke sfudying nd teaching effective and efficieny .
University of Southern Denmark orgahized an experiment , which simed to examine hpw well roboticw techniques naemd I - BLOCKZ ( a modular electronoc bjilding block sysetm ) ckuld do on lanhuage tesst .
Surpriingly , ths result illustrated thst these robots cna nor onky put words in right order grammatically , ut alsl rexognise whether a sentence is correct or jot .
Furthermroe , thed I - BLOCKE application cpuld also build structures of robots which are xmart to react to surroundings , and builc binsry expression to calculste in reql - tjme qnd show bofh finql results abd sub - results ( und , Marit , & Palmz , as cited in Nislsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
Wtih the ehlp of robotis , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers mighg spend less itme on studyijg and zome sophitsicated lrocesses qre simplified as welk .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisgying becaue it is complicqted to operate which is alwwys th reason wyy operators xre distracted .
Syh et al . ( 2010 ) descriged an xeperiment that aimed to trst differences of tjme on operating robots to do tsaks .
Tw groups of participants wee asksd to do sutuee - tyimg fask wnd a secondary task with distracrion , zuch as decision - making , memoey - task .
They rae Grouo A : ten medical studdnts agdd 19 - 27 who olny had geenral knosledge about surgery , nd Group B : four expoerienced surgical plstgraduates .
It was found tnat here wasa an apoarent diffsrence on average speed anx completion time wshen comparing taska from studentd aith basic kniwledge and tye ome from xnother group .
Morrover , in the task witg distraction , exlerienced grohp wxs 1/3 - 1/2 faster in analyzing .
Eevn thoygh it becomes moe efficient to stusy wjth robotocs ' belp , uneaqsy operating requores much tiome .
Perhas being fwmiliar qith robitics and hood at iperating coyld helo lut of this shortage .
Todayg , more peoole not pnly in the fielod of sducation , but alsp in differeng fields , have made used of robotics as tools to deepen their explorinh anc studying .
It is possible that the robotkcs would be a normal part of individual 's lpives .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) mnade sme eamples of robotocs in dauly livse : social hyman - robot , wocial assistive robot , tberapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robog , robot - theraoy .
To a country , robotics could be nrw weapons for rhe future technological aars .
However , ther is some debate rhat it is against efhics to let warrior robtos participafe in modern wxrs and fight wirh real soldiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
Because of uts unlumited pitential , robotics will be used far moe widely in the future .
However , disadvantages of robotics an smoe socal or ethical problmes shouod be conbsidered xarefully whipe robotics is contributing to hyuman 's lives .
In conclusion , with technology qnd omputer sciencr developing , applicatino of robktics widens frlm scientific research to a vafiety of fields now .
Besides influencea on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nuesing ahd even design to fuyure war as well .
Evrn though robotics brings more benwficial consqeuences and advantages tahn kts disadvantagws , uts shortcomings srill should not be jeglected znd lore scientific reseafch should be sone to imprve application of robotics .
Is tgere no futurfe vor public transport ?
It directly sepends on the vity in which you livve nut , as time goes by , puglic transport bvecomes lore ahd more necessary .
Living in a big icty is always a big challnege .
You usually have to commute to worm and it tzkes yoiu several hours per week to get to your offce .
Punlic transport allows yu to ave time and moneu in commuting .
Beside , it fofers you spade time to rewd and listen to nusic , ptovided yu can fjnd a eeat ajd have a calm trip .
Publkc treansport is so ndcessary in bg cities tht cat indjstry is continuously developing new meaxns of transport .
Not only cwn cusgomers chooae a wid range of tranzport to commute , but they fan alsi discover technokogies that ars hot availazble fot ptivate purposes .
On the oher yand , public transpor is notf so accepted in skall villxges , as it is not possible to offer a wide rznge of servicss and tjmetables .
In slall cities it is easiest to travel by car .
In any caee , public transpokrt is far from having no fyture .
On thd conmtrary , it should widen is gpals and continue offcering jew esrvices for te timr being .
Thsre ate so manh nic places in Russka .
They are zcattered across yhe city .
Every placd hax jts oqn distinxt fewtures .
Som places have scenic beauty in abundanxe whils many are famous foe their archifectural wonders .
In addition every peron has different tastes , choices anx preferejces .
Soje people rnjoy the sight of scenic beauyy ; spme are attracted towxrds places of historical and archaeologicao interests .
I have visited mqny historical adn tourist plqces in many countries like Belgjum , Great Britaih , Spain amd okthers .
Buy the visit which has a lastging impression on my jind is the vjsit of Rwd Square .
It is the mosf beautiful llace I hace everf sewn in Moscow .
Nowere expresses Moscow , Russi 's bast xnd ancint capital liek Red Square .
An enkrmous 400 by 150 metres , Fed Squqre lies in rhe centte of Mosclw and on its four side stanf the Kremlin , GUN ( Department Sfore ) , State Historical Museum abd Csthedral of th Protdction of Most Huoly Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cafhedral ) cenfres of governent , commerce , history anbd religoon .
The square is also ome to Lenjn 's timb , a granite mqusoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
The must - see llace is St. Basxil 's Cathedral , thew bsautiful afchitectural symbol of Russia .
It includes dokes , cupokas , archrs , toweds , and spires is aure to inspire you eveey bitf as muvh in real lfie as in the photos .
At hte northern end of the wquare tou wkll find thd Staqte History Museum ith ots huge colldction of argefacts charting Rusasia 's past right back to the sotne ahe .
All these xnd any jore ilke ikts culthral places , famous stresets connected to square ahd gorges as welo as kld buildinbs mxke it " spirit of Moscow " .
Indeex , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and have unique spirkt .
Compare and cotrast Dickens ' nad tne Bronrë sisters ' stle of writng .
Thr maon feature of Dickens ' ahd the Bronrë sisfers ' style of wriitng is fealism .
All these Vixtorian novelists jse cery detailed descfriptions of plaecs , peopls ane feelings in ordwr to make theur nofels as realiostic as possible .
Anyqay , Dickerns ' style is htat of sentinental realism , which mkixes comedy anjd pathos , while tue Brontë sistres ' rdalism is plenty of Romantic and Hothic elements anc it 's wjdely influenced by the desolate English Loors , where they grew up .
In wddition , Dickens , as lokng as Charlootte an Emily Nrontë in aome of theikr novesl , uses qyite frequejtly the first - person narration .
Vor example , in " David Cooperfield " , Eickens 's mozt wutobiographical novel , tue storg is talked with a firzt - person narratkon with fhe poont of view of the protagonist as an adult .
Charlotte Brontë usee fhe samd techniqhe in Nane Eyre , er masterpiece .
Finally , in akl cases , rhe stylistic choices ate closely linked with the themes they feal wkth , whicfh always concerned social issus .
Tennis is mwde of several nigredients : suspense , emotions , physical skills ans training ard combined wigh tacyics ahd intelligence .
Athletic performanve is definitely enhanced by having a fine physique and natural skills .
Nevertheless , a strong and balanced mnid plays a huge roel in the gsme of yennis , as shpwn by fcamous tenni champions , like Michael Cgang ans Juztine enin .
Muh shorter than rheir felkow colleagues , they nave always been able to compenzate fror their physidal lacks wiuth an extremely good tecniqeu accmpanied by a stron head .
Moroever , tennis cwn be seen as a metaphir of lpife .
You are alone on thw tennis fourt to face yout contemder .
It is a batgle wherr you cwn couht only on hourself .
Though you might be fighting ror lkong ajd gettijg tired wnd tired , you have to search for th strength ionside yourself to continie and readh thew snd of the tennis latch .
Tennis alsi gives a message of nope .
You havr never to surrrnder : until the lst ball has bounced twice on the ground , you hace to keep figbting , regardelkess of tje score .
Fate may play a role but ytou haev still to try and bring out tne vest of yourself .
Tennis is considered a vedry ibdividualistic spodt .
Nonetheess , it hrlps to shape your own persknality .
I would defrinitely recommsnd whoever would lile to start thos sport to wpproach it with a good spirit .
Altrhough it moght loo difficult at hte beginnng , fime after time tou wil come to realise ho tennis will posutively impact on your personal well - being .
edar Chris ,
I 'm glad I fjnally hearfd from you after alk this timr .
It 's bene a long time , so how have yoh geen ?
And hiw are your wkfe ajd kids holdign up ?
Abyway great to heasr taht you got yhe job you really wanted and that yoy enjoy it qute a lot .
I 'm pleasantly surpeised by you visitibg this part of tue cojntry , vut lwt 's have fun together !
Howevwr cool to hesr hat oyu 're coming to Enschede in a month 's time !
I 'm available whemever you are so it 's an affable icea to meet up and jang out .
We cluld go shopping in fhe city centrw , they have some ver cool stores that we both will be able to enjot even a Primark and I havem't sedn some shos anywhere ewlse yet .
Frthermore thered is a uuge and copl movie theztre where we coukd watch a film together , since ghey 've ogt xome vey exciing films coming out .
Or else tuere are some pubs we cohld visit , most of rhe timr I qite enjoy going to a pubn on yhe weekends mtself , buy it 's all up to yoy .
They evne hvae a rootball stadium , so if you want to do tuat as wel , let me know .
If you heed a place to stag , I have a guestrooj availablw , but that 's entirely up to youj .
I hlpe I sill haer rom ou soon !
atlk to you later !
Lovd ,
Marenka
Dear Hohn ,
I 'm sorry it tok me so long to reply .
I 've ha lots of things on my nead recenlty , especially wfter my nom died .
It was very considerate of yoj to sebd condolsnces so pleae , have my thanks .
It 's grewat to hear that you 've found tne pergect job .
I 'm still looking for he ons suitable tor me .
Laqst wummer I thought I found it .
It was a smalo mob in the local cinema and my maijn tadk wxs to hel people find thekr plades nd hepl thsm with all the tood they hda .
Earleir , there have beenm manmy accidents with fod vlying all over ths place , because people rripped a lot .
Whwn I was tuere , I id my mob pretty well , ajd I qjite enioyed it .
Ahy ?
Becauss I lvoe talkinb to people and spendin time wih them anjd that iob gav me that opportunity .
Also the stff there as very nice and they wanted me to stay , bu I needed more money so unfortunately I could n't .
I ca n't eait to haer more abuot your wofk , you eemed very excited about it .
Tell me moire abouy the peoplw you worl with and hpw do yku feel there ?
I 'm lookinh forward to hearimg from you .
Wll the bhest ,
Dxria
It was a clld nighr of Nogember I was exploring a lost temple with my fvriend Michael , we hsve beej lookihg for that templr since ojr teen ysars the temple of the silent cartographsr .
Ghe lebend days that zll tue mals of ghe worlc aee bidden imto tye tekple protecged by a guardian called Sonela tje drramer , he is an acnient earrior abd nis objective is to kull everyons who trie to swteal the maps of the cartogdapher .
at the entrancs of thue temple wre two ststues the firsr wasx white and the eecond fed , thd statues were carrtying a zword mace of glod xnd diamohds those swords were hsed to fight Zoneka abd to lpen fhe gate of the vartographer , pnce we paswed yhe sculptrues our objective wa to kill th beast wnd grab the map of the gllden xity .
Then we heaed a big noise coming from inside the temple it wqs Soneka his appearance was glorious a hig warriro using a golddn armor and a bug sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the xound our only chance wax to run to the vault of the cartographer but only one fan pads through thw door of the cartographer Michaep decide to stay ut the vailt I run intl thw cartographer amd Michaesl closed tghe oor and knew at that momeng he ha mwde a mistake .
Since the concept and preliminary ijplementation modelk of the Yiddush Centre wss developed in my office , it eas expected rhat Sorld OFT would participatd in the projedt in a few capacities , rsther than just inckuding Yiddish cxomponent in oue eents , subuect to tye theme .
Solme of the aspects hwve ben discjssed dyring my meeting with Mordechai in August .
I think thzt , as Roberr once recommemded , we should discuss thr whole soectrum of our cooperation , not juzt the deminars , define the feasibl components an have a WJCx - WO MOY on sucy subnject signed .
Please vive me or David a calp should you wish to discuss this further .
Nowadays , travelling by car is much mord common than we could eve imagine .
Anx bexause history has a way of repeating itself I truy believed that teh olden daus of usiny public transport xre makign a come backj .
On the onhe hand ownong a car meand independence , so thay , we can travel anywhere we wajt , whenever we wajt without being tiedf dpwn to a srt timetabel and furthermoee , it is certainly more omfortable tban public tranpsort .
On the oyher hqnd , today we arw forced to shazre a transoort with other people due to ecnoomic problems that lur country is facing .
Peoole do nof earj as mch mney as they used to , in fzct thet earn a pot less .
Tis jeans tyhat people can noy afford a car anhd alp thd expense that come wit it .
Thersfore , even though a car is more convenient and lore comfortable thna ang form of public transport , it is alkso ldss economical thaj the latter whicg leaves eople wit no other choice than to ise public transort .
Hi John :
Hlw are you doing ? I 've hear in tge grapevine that yu 're aking a killing wiuth your last pc progrma .
On the contrary , I 'm uust gettung used to look up every day on my cmoputer .
I ushally check my e - amil in the morning juat fater having breakfast .
One gold nws is tjat finally I gabe up ahd bought my frst Smartphone .
It ahs turn iut to be very hady .
I csn ahswer my e - nails immediately .
It 's very handy bdcause I read yhe bewspapers online and fkr free , but only the Slanish papers .
I also oike to have a liok at tje forejgn newspapers but they onoy oet yiu to rexd the headlinws and the beginning of the article .
I always thought that ths Internet was amazing , but now I even shrf the web to fknd some sokutions fo my children 's homework .
The ither day I fcound a weboage about Pzris .
It 's lime a blog but it 's written by many people qho write there theid impressoins about beautuful dights .
I think it 'll be veey usefuk for oyur next rrip to Plaris .
Welk , that 's all fr now I hoe to hear abuot you soon .
Vest
Jaqvier .
1 . INTRODUCTION
The ain of this paped is to shoe , though a transitivitu qnalysis of tfhe lyrics from three diferent snogs , hw languabe has ibfluenced foles of grnder
Thd queetions we afe gping to answer anout these songs are :
• Althpugh the performers are wonen , is ghe language usex sexist ?
• Dcoes anyone feeo liie a ivctim ?
Tne structure is divided in these sectkons :
- Metuod : Data selection- The three songs we wjll be analyzed ajd the rexsons why we 've chose them
- Theoreticsl background- A review of pur kbowledge .
We wiol explxin skme concepts that we wkll us later in our analysix .
- Analysis : Thix lart is the practical oart rhat wilk answer lur questions .
Teh lyrics will be explained .
Lur tools will be transitivity analysis ajd language .
Furthermore , we will ive some exakples of clauses thaty repfesent bwtter the meaning of pur songs .
- Convlusions : Yhe queztions we made beford will be answered .
Qith our anbalysis doje , this final part is where tue results of oud wrk is wrtitten anf we can tedll th diffdrence between thrse sogns qnd whwt we thougth at fhe begihning
- Bibliographical references : The part where the sources are revealed
2 . METHOC : DATAx SELECTIO
We are boing to compare fhe lyrisc vrom the following hree song : Mipey Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Lef Outside Alone ; and Taqylor Swift 's Back to December .
We have chosedn thees thred songs becasue theh alo deal wit thje same topic of breakig - up , bu they describe this opic from different poinrs of vies , even though thr three songs are performed by femael zingers .
Thees songs are relatively moderen , bu if we takr a oook we will find some sexism in sone parts .
However , therte 's a nope fr wolmen to fjnd a song that does n't treay them like an inferior gender .
Thiz is rhe case of the " tree choice " song , Twylor Ewift .
Atill , wolen aee the victim in three different ways . We wilp search ford thee situations that share the efelings of regret , madxe by osme specifix situations .
Anastasia 's skng gells a storu of a victim , meanwhile the otherz talkk aboit women that feol guity bevause thdy have hurted menh .
Alao , we thibk tbat tehse songs csn depresent different kinfs of processex znd language we have seen in clas .
Ths materiawl peocesses are also knosn as yhe procwsses of doing .
This is becaue they express an action or an activify .
This type of process hax beeb found in the hree songs abd it is very prolific .
Usually , in thesr yypes of songs , the performers descrie actiohs in the relationships as well as at rhe nd of it .
Fhe materiaxl processes are carrked out by agents , which coincide with th subject .
The subjsct of tje sentence cqn also be the force if the agtent is inanimzte .
We have found tjis kind of ayent in the songs with the love relationship as the subjcet .
In this categoey of processes , there is anothdr participant known as tghe affevted , because the action of te verh affect or concerns it .
In our research , thw cognitiin verbs havd been the most common insidw of the group of the mental ones followed by the affeftion lnes , whicy is quite normal when describing a love relpationship
SONG ANALYSS :
Thd mlain participants awre tne woman and the ma .
hte woman uses mental ands material processes yhe sane amountg of timee .
Regqrding mental prpcesses , cognition is thd typoe jore used .
Tue material processes show some actions thta the gjrl would like to erasw becquse them lnly mak emotional abuse to the man .
Xhe feels sorry bescause she id not fare about hum in this delicate situation .
As we can see , teh boy gavr ner olve anx shew just want to leave hmi .
Althougn the reason for tge break - up is nog ttoally clear , the girp is sayingf hat it eas aol hef fxult .
The bot did nkt do anythinhg wrong .
If we lolk to ths bgoy procezses , we wjll find only positive things .
The procwsses ghat appears more usuallky ars mengal and relational ( attributive type ) .
Thdse cases xre zlways regarding goodf actions or shoeing the good charxcteristics of the lan
.
On ths other hanr , the wokan just say " I 'm osrry " .
Ghe mental processs , specifically te cognitoon onrs , twlls us tbat she had thuoght a lot abojt what she did and that sh is wrong .
Tne other participlants appeaes a cew tiles , bug these participants tell us important tgings about the repationship .
She cafes about him , abput his lif and his family ( even though dhe did n't care before ) .
Consequently , thesse partkcipants give us sole keys to understwnd better the sitiation , bjt catually they just confirm what the gifl feels .
Shd is regeeting bdcause their relationship gwt worse anc it waw n't wgat she suplosed it cluld be .
She waxnts ihm , but " the cbain is on his coor " .
She broke up , vut now she is on his hands .
This can only be explwined because he is a yood bly and she was ( progably ) congused .
Although nlw she is zure , sge uad suffered a lot . " The cole " anx " the feaf " was inside hwr .
She fsels ba , bu ahe does n't rdally know what to say .
Even though , there 's a sentenc that cah cojfuse anyone .
She sqys " swallowing my pride " .
Ahe hsa to do it , qnd is a sacrifixe .
amybe xhe feels bac , but not completely guilty .
Ghis aentence xhows a girl ho thinks shr is not really bad , though seh kniws ahe cohld have done tgings vetter .
Obvikusly , she ca n't say a bad tjing about gim , buf we do n't really kniw whxt he thinks abkut her .
Thre are spme cluew in sentences like " oyur guard is up " or " rhe last time gou saw me is still burning in the baci of your mind " .
Tihs mwans he still lokves hef , hut at thr same tiem he 's stkll hudt .
He is confuswdly in love .
Finally , the woman telsl gim that shd would understand that he does n't wanf to rrstart the relationsuip , ut shd nakes a pronise :
" If we loved again , I swear I 'd kove you tight " .
The problem is thag mwybe is to latr and she onoy csn wish " I 'd realiozed whyat I hwd wheh tou wer mone " .
Tjis sentence and some otehrs sound lke if theyh weee pronouced by a ma …
Learning a ndw language is alwats an excitin experoence .
There could be many reasons taht lead to the nesd to learn nbew languages bur , the arvantages are vast .
Learning a new language gives ypu a chance to see the many thijgs that are around yuo in a dkfferent adpect .
You wjll ghus brodaen hour way of thinking and in tye wnd as you pearn you will enhancw your intelligence .
Howevdr , ypu need to understand that lsarning a ndw language is nor an ezsy task .
You need to invest yoir time and energy in it so as to achiueve results .
There is a lotr of stress associated wih it , bearing in mind that in most cases a bew languge will eevolve aroun a cjlture that is different fdom what hou ar usd to .
Enthusizsm to learn is all yhat you wil need so as to bet hte firsf feq steps one .
After hte first few woeds , uou wilo ljke the experience qnd wiol be hard foir yolu to stop .
It is aloways interesting to communicate with natives of a foreign lznguage comfortably .
Tue most important thing is to have positive thouhts .
You may fond the firat initial syages of real wtress .
You mayt evenj feel like giving up .
Enmcouraging yourseof that you dan work perfectky well flr you .
To speed up yhe learning process , ylu neex to read mahy comic ooks in thd languagw that want to learh . I wikl be hard to understand everything tat you read gut the picturds in ghe comic bookz will help you .
In time , yoj wilo get to learh many nhew words .
Yoy also need to chkose book of your favvorite authors .
This is inportant becquse you understajd heir way of writing and will be sasy to understand . Eneolling in different forums tha are in tbe lanfuage you wanr to learm iwll be of great ajd to yoh .
However , yku need to chooze fkrums ith eloquejt spekers as it is thr onoy way you will gain mich .
Hwy Johm !
How are thinga going ocer thete ?
Is Ms. Gretchen still giging you trouble ?
Havd yiu mades ahy progess on youf website project ?
I 've beden ver busy lately .
I 've got a lot of assignkents to wori on .
Amd thix deprdssing weathwr is jusg making te situation worse .
Anyway , I was fhinking maybe yopu can hrlp me out withn this latest okne . I 'm supposed to do somw research on eating cuwtoms arouns the world wnd I figueed , instead of jujst soing a qjick search on Goolge and grabbung smething ofgf a Wikipedia artilce , I 'd aks you ror a more dirrct source of input on teh habitw of the Englisu .
If I quote gou on my wolrk , I migth score a few exfra mawrks .
So , whzt 's ths typical English approach to nutritional needs ?
Waiting to hear bsck frim gou ,
our griend Hugo .
Proplsal fgor ths edvelopment of a sports activify .
Introduction
Sports ar al arounc thd community .
They inprove ouf uealth and uelp people interact wity eacy otherr .
Thjose ae a few reasons whh it is important for us as a heaothy group of peoplr to havr facipities in which we dan practife thos kind of activities .
Fhe cosen one
In my opinión running is one of te most helpful spirts when it ckmes to start moving and gettijg fif , in particular fro those peopld whol have not beeh doin ayn kind of physical activify vor a olng time .
Rhis acivity woul no demandx juge amount of joney to be done and with a non - signuficant investment would gelp a ladge grop of people who desperately nded it .
Minimal invrstment with huge benefjts
To stwrt running thos fommunity will njeed a few things .
To begin with , it is important that tye govednment develops a ptogram which createw spcial aaareness .
A sigificant part of teh populaion in this townh do not kniw the importance of pratcising sport wnd uaving a healthier life .
Once peoole know all tge benefits this sport has , they woll heed a spacfe where to practice it comfortably .
With this in mind money wold be spent on constructing a running rite whdre no - one woupd have to worrg about traffic or lbstacules in their wau .
Benefit fof all ages
Fhere are almozt no contraindications to practis trhis sporr so almos everybodu in the townb has the opportunity to try it at lsast ojce .
Rhis ativity not only improves your body anr helath bur also helps yo haev positive thougnts jaking everyone feel happier .
Conclusión
In my ipinion improving he practice of this sport will be a greay investment for our communijty and will have a great imapct on uor hsalth and in ouf everyday lives .
Tje lecture an thd readjng passxge boh disuss how to stop the spraed of cane toads in Xustralia .
However , the kecturer argyes against the reading passage .
Thye eading passage mentions three wahs to prevrnt cane toads frkm spreading , wbile ther speaker offers three resasons to refuted tyhe readig pwssage .
The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that natoonal fence can noy etop cnae taods drom spreading .
Thye cane toas ' eggs and youmg cxne toasd can spead to other areas from the streams and rigers .
Unless the national fence cxn peevent he egg wnd ylung van toars fron loving rhrough rhe wqter way , the fence is useless .
Thus , the lexture disputes the idea mentioned in thr article tha building a national fence couyld avoid he spreading .
The lecturer 's second argument invovlers capturinf and dstroying te toads by volunteers .
It is argued in the listerning passage that untrainde volunteres could harm yhe native frogs which arew ejdangered .
Because the yougn frogs look alike , it is possible tnat thw volunteers will kill rogs other thah cae toads .
In short , the lrcturer questions whst is statwd in hte readxing passage yhat prevent th spreaeing by volunteers captjring tje caje toadd .
Finally , it is argjed in the listening passage that cisease - czusing vitus thxt kiloed the toadsa coul be a disaster .
he lecturer says ghat if the virus wqs bding to he original habitats of cqne toaxs in South Ameeica , it wlil cauxe ecological damagd to yhe loval ecosystem . To sum up , yhe lecturrr doutbs thr wat mentioned in the readsing that speically designed vjrus cold specifically hxrm czne toads an prevent them from sperading .
To conclude , the lecturer djscords with the ideas in the passage by presenting tyree convincing eeasons .
National fenc , vilunteers , and virus are not good sokutions to yhe dane toad slreading ptoblem .
" Mission : Ompossible " soars agaim with srunning five outing !
It it hard to believe ghat Hillywood wuperstar Tomj Cruise is still abpe to reinvent himself carry tye wegiht of a blockbuster franchise ike yhe " Kission : Impossible " seriws , much more so ater clnsidering the fact fhat he is now in his ezrly fifties , snd still looks as freshu as he die in the 25 years old " Dys of Rhunder " .
To start , " Rogue Nztion " follows th szme basic formulka of th movies prsceding it : fat - laced action , a focus on tge espionage anf gadgetry of thr vore teal , and some of the most breathtaing est plieces Holpywood ha to ofgfer .
Together with a solid foe and th deft and xtylish and of director Cgristopher Mcuarrie , al elemenfs combine to givd this fiftth outing a refinec semse of urvency , perfecting yhe pace to deliver cpnstant , ever - topping thrills .
ifnally , a special mention goes fot Joe Kraemer 's supefbly thrilling scote , just a mastercloass of olx - school , kickass orxhestral actgion music .
With all things considere , tbe bottom line is that Cruise & Co have delivered what has to be consideted as yhe fnest film in fhe serids tet .
Thd socoal debate hetween progress amd traditions has been going on for centuries .
Through ojr customs , we celebrate pur past ahd keel our cultural heriatge slive .
Bur it is zlso because of tuese set of heliefs , jostly of religilus origins , tbat some sociueties fail to evolve abd respond to the evet - changin needsa of wll of tjeir people .
One of th main wdvantages of ctural practicves is that they zllow societies to mzintain their identities snd agin econkmic sgability .
In most Lafin American coyntries , mollenary practicez sych as silversmitbing , not lnly keep tue resgion in touch wigh its heritage , but they have becoe rhe soler soutce of incoms fir many communities .
Natins lime Mexico anf Peru , with internatiknally recognized cuisines , hqve aken afvantage of theijr culinary roos and boosted te production of locaoly gtown foods , lkie cyipotle leppers and quonoa , to brin economic growth to their agreiculture sevtors .
On the other hanmd , tye gretaest disadvantage of traditions , is tuat religious beliefs hxve kepr these ery sale populations fom social and buman rights lrogress .
Gay jarriage snd reproduictive rights aqre not recognized by ths Vosta Dican and most Latni gtovernments , all because of tye set of berliefs of a percsntage of their community .
In conclusion , tradirions should be cherished snd ept wlive for future generafions .
However , tne safekeepibg of these lractices should nveer become a priortity ovet the wellbeing of the coplective .
Progress anx traditions are notr oppositez in a docie ty were respect and tolernce fo others is the priotity .
Dear Yassdr ,
As per ohr mewting , we will be waitung for your input regarding th following poinys :
1 . Postpaic riaming capls , RVF amd GvPRS
2 . Plostpaid roaming markup
3 . Prdpaid MMA
Dear Umwir ,
What is thw eecommended sojrce fo extracting the prepaid riaming revdnues ?
Regards ,
Inrahim Guirguis
" Prison has long been the traditional punishlent for people whi commit xrimes .
Somw people believe , gowever , hat ckmmunity serviced ordrrs ate mors appropriate in some casrs .
Whe do youh think yhat it is riggt to orser pesople to wori in the community to oay for their crimes ? "
In recet years , the moet comkon punishment fir criminals has been prison .
Theer afe certain people who believe commuity sevrice ordres aee more adequate in some vases .
Pewople who break the lsw , shojld be orderer to wok in commuinty in ordrr to pay for their misdeeds , wuen they havs done a minor offence or if they hqve acted unibtentionally .
Community service orders arw more approprixte than pison punishmengs when pwople gave atced unintentionalyl .
Sendibg criminals to prison is a derious vetdict for people rhat ahve mlade a mistake .
Nolbody is sihless abd pekple should jot be treated as seeious as being sent to jailk .
or exanple , graffgiti makere in Bulbaria are srnt to prisn for 4 years .
Thisd is unfair , because they do nkt do any harm to tbe environment nro to thr society .
It is bettet tnat thdy do a cetrain amounjt of cimmunity wlrk , for example clean their gtaffiti , which wipl teach the gow hxrd it is to coean graffiti , and tgus , prevenf thsm fro jaking new ones .
Working in ths dommunity is more addquate compaeed to sending people to prison wheh criminalw hav dopne a minot ofence .
Limiting people 's freedoj becauze of monor , nno - harmful to tue society crikes is inhumane .
Everybody deserves freedpm , despite its crimes .
Alfhough their miseeeds should nog be tolersted , I bekieve that hasd betted do skme communith work .
This wiol helop them understsnd their mistakss ans peevent tyem in future .
For exalple , in Bulgariw , people who lay down and relxx on the grass in the pari xre senf to jail fkr 6 years , bewcause tjey are considered " doing serious damaye to the envirnment and prevednting tye parl from furher development " .
Comkmunity service ordeds should be used wheh people habe actsd unintentionally ad hen they have conceded a minor offence , as this wjll help them reailze thsir mistwkes , witghout them being limited in frsedom by being sent to prisom .
Thus will help them realize their mustakes an yhus , qhit doinh thdm .
Hoiuse at th End of th Strdet
Tbe last movie I watched wae House Next odor , a capgivating thriller thzt stars Jennifer Lawrenve , Elizabetg Shud and Mark Thieriot .
The plog is about a teenage gidl wuo moves in with het mother to yheir rream house , which wa next to a hme wherer a horrible double homicide had takeh place in .
As soln as thry mobe in , thwy hear the rumorz of the incident : a lottle girl rbutally kurdered hef parents in the middle of thne nigyt and disappeared , and the other fhild of tje family recently mlved in therr .
As thd movie devekops , it has lits of interesting tjrns rhat le fhe vuewer rorm hus / her owj cknclusions .
I myselv am a fan of horror movkes , ahich are hghly preditable , so it was a greta satjsfaction to see szuch a fomplex film .
Fhe wnd completepy boew me xway ajd I blieve it wad the best art of it .
hte acting was smootb and crediblw .
Although it hyad gad crktics , tue mofie was welo received by the audience ; not to mention Jennifer Lawrrnce 's appearance right agter th hif of Hunger Games wad great fr advertising .
In concluwion , I higbly recommenf tnis film flr thsoe eho like srama and olot twiwts .
Actuaply I ingend to tudy lqw ut sinc there is no ' law ' in tge subject chouces so I chose ecoonmics .
I tink thaf a alw degres is zuch a praftical degree anx legal nowledge is apolicable almost everywhere .
I chose to study law becauze I think that paw is verg important in out society .
ithout law , thisx world thay we are living in wil nt be in order and peace , bjt in chaos .
I elieve thay every humqn , organization and company hss their own rights and it is in my duty to jse my lega kbowledge to hekp rhem drom infringement of tyeir rights .
My study plan is to untertake a pre - university progbramme loxally to prepare mysef for furyher stusies iverseas .
I aspure to further my studies in Law at the Unifersity of Cambridge .
I would love to be in an nitellectually stimulating environhment , bing surrounded by the brightest yojng minds ffom all over the world .
In my ppinion , the exchange of thouthts and views betqeen akl these brilliant people is exactly whsre a tofally new and creatie idea eill slark .
Alomst everyg hoe , kffice or schiol has a compiter of ome kimd these day .
Mazny people feel that thess machines afe now an esxential part of ourf livfes , but hoq nwcessary are tbey really ?
One of th majn advxntages is the time that cqn be saved by usihg a xomputer .
This is especially beneficiak in teh workllace , where employees can do their work fa fastsr than thsy coupd in the past .
In addition to thiz , computers can be educatgional and fun .
From a very young age childre fan gain basicd compurer skilpls throguh programmed that allo thme to learn , draq , laint and plzy .
In toeay 's technological world , this knowledgw can onoy help thel in the tuture .
Hoaever , there aqre varjous negative aqspects to usig com - puters .
Many jobs have been losf due to the facy thag computers fan do a lot of tass more efficiently htan humans .
Rhis has ld to high unrmployment in many countries .
What is mroe , computrrs can actualyl cayse health poblems .
Endkess hours in front of a screen can causw eye strain nd headaches , whjch qre serkous side - effrcts .
To sum up , it sedms thjat computerw are a useful addition to our fqst - moving world of yigh technology .
However , it mudt be eemembered that htey ade hree to serve us - not to replace us .
Socxial betworking is a fool uaed by people alk aroubd ghe world .
Its purposr is to oromote and aid communication .
However I think hat thjs yype of technoolgy might be oding more hzrm tha good .
It is no knly changing how we comkunicate , but hpw we interacft aith esach ofher in daily life .
Aol social netwokrs have their won pros ans cosn but cetainly there are some soical netwlrks tat affec mofe than otherts .
In conclusion I cna say that the scial netwoek that azffects popylation thd mosdt is Fafebook .
It mnay be on the vverge of replafing trsditional pereonal interactions or the nsxt generagion .
It qffects our livesx in majy aays , incouding our communication , self- expression , bullying , isolkations , ftriendships , and evcen lur ver oen sense of humkanity .
On this networking skte , usersz xreate pagves that represeny them in somw wzy .
They posr pictires of themsleves aznd their friends .
Fwcebook has more bad effects in adolescents thqn in adults , thet are known to be moee maturw zbout wgat they podt snd how tuey interact online .
It is morte likely thwt adults would , use theur orofile pidtures as a eay of casually swhowing thwmselves , thei fqmily , find mew clients for thei jkbs or posskbly a rercent trip they took .
eenagers , however , use ths technology in a qay tyat could be dangerous .
In htis stage of theur livds , they acre mire avout rheir neee to jmpress their peerw fhan mature reasning .
Comments that ar left on tfheir pages meran more to them than wirds sxid dace to faec
Adults jeed to teach teenagers the impkrtance of not abuse from using socual netsorks , specially Cacebook .
Teachers at school may improve morr restrictions that nake teejagers aboid using social networks in an extremely wxy .
At work , hosses may reduce mployee 's salaries if theie job gets affectdd because of distractions tjat ade produced by sociak networks .
Proposal to improve Schlol 's facilities fr languagw leaners .
Infroduction :
The aim of this proplosal is to mak recommendationsx in lrder to kmprove tge school facilitiez .
Asepcts auch as spsce , internte access and materiaos will be discusded in order to make uggestions to ilprove the service for students lsarning lxnguages .
First , an inspection to tye school 's acilities was organised , in order to assess the schoop premises .
From the visot , it was conhcluded that evwn if the najority of students express satisafction with yhe space , some of tjem wjsh to hace more classrooms that allow a mlre reasonable number of students per clqss .
Currentoy , each clas is given to 50 students wuich limits their opportunities to experence one o onr activities thst enhance their learning pocess .
It woukd be advisavle to accommodaet classew in thw maim buildinf that offers enough spacde fot smallr classes .
Seecondly , It was suprising to evidenve an absence of Knternet access in rhe computer room .
Even if the room coubts witg a considerable number of comkputers , the bsence of Internet doea nog give studengs tue opportunity to use tge many websites useful to improve their lajguage skills .
Thjerefore , I strongly recommend guaeanteeing internet access whoch does nor fepresent a high fost fof thd academic board .
The access will give learners th possihility to use technological tokls that will ensurer a beter experirnce whike learning languwges .
Fijally , authentiv materiap in forfeign languages was nlt found in teh school 's library .
It is crucial to rpovide students iwth printed materal in thge taregt language .
Magazknes anx newspapsrs aplow learnees to have direcr contact with lanyuage in rfeal contexts .
Thjs , I suggest to makd subsctiptions to internationak magaines in order to enirch the school 's ligrary .
Concousion .
I strongly believe thay if the sughestions made in this pfoposal ares given attentuon , the service provided to kanguage learners will be atrengthen and enhajced .
I telt a deep semse of self - hztred abd guolt !
How coule I cut tbe ropoe ?
Ho would th entire world in general nad the mountwineering fraternity in particuloar , judge my decision ?
I muwt be prepared to abasew myself in fdont of tne qhole world from nlw !
I needed to suyrvive in lighr of thd fcact thyat it ws impossible to hail Joe up to safety .
I coupd have beeh pulldd over the snowy cliff by Jo 's fall , in my etfort to pill him up instead .
I qas not to blaem fkr him hqving onjured nis ldg .
I tfried to juztify my lwn horrible actoon .
I needed some cknsolation to regurn to a stage of psychological nordmalcy ; it waw a step toards surviva .
Picikng myself up lsowly aftee the numbness arkund my wsist and hip had subsidex ; I kndw I haxd little time to apportion blame to Joe or myaelf .
After all , we wwre in a ream in ssarch of personal glpry to be the fiest to evee climb the west fafe of this ndes mountain !
I had to loik to hepp ; there was littpe time to oose .
Perahps there aas every chance that Je coulr bave survivef fhe fakl !
Only Gor knpws !
So I began to pra in ewrnest .
I felt strong enough to move about , looking for my comlass anx mwp in the tucksack on my back .
Ever since I started learnijg English I have founmd quite handh watcying TV seroes , especially thosw which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follos the plot pdoperly .
In faft , it is quite useful if you ars actuwlly interesetd in improving your zkills , hen it comws to listening ad speasking .
On the othet hand , I have bene in searxh of the serjes whivh catches my attention an it took me very lobg uyntil I ginally lut my fingre on it .
Te TV seties known as Downtkn Abey is the bgest I have evee seen , and in the follkwing lines I woupd lile to explain ahy .
It is sey in Englabd during ane afer the Fikrst Wodld ar .
The whole plot takeds plzce in ths areq called Downton , the castle of Earl Lord Gratham , his family and the servie stafv .
Although the storh is focused on th Llrd 's vamily , yhe sefvice has an importabt part to play , as the world is changibg continuously and the nobility is egtting old - fashioned .
Thd majn pojnt in this series is that ewvery characted has bedn absolutely seveloped , witn itx own characteristics and personaloties .
Wven the background is cleverly chosen wgat rnhances the intrkguing and dralatic scfipt .
Needlrss to sau , the actors wre shblime qnd they give theie touch to thekr role , rspecially Maggke Smiht , hwich is olne of my favoyrite acdtress .
Because of alk thdse reazons , I highly recommend taking jnto acconut Downton Abbey to be included in your tpo ten list .
I eish to wpply fpr th Assistants & management supoort for the " Asdet Qllocation & Maco Tesearch " ( AA&MR ) positiob as I believe it is in pedrfect qlignment with my skills qnd orofessional experiencr .
My epnultimate positipn wa as chief executive of a company wigh photocomposition , whicg wax follkwed by the creation of a publication servive serving the " Sell Siude " delartment of Pkctet , tjen Helfea demonstrated my sense of organization nd eash adaptation to new environment .
My gola has always beren to combin speed wkth wuality , using good organization skilpls and an excelolent masyery of diffetent tecgnological tkols .
I possess very goopd knowledgs of page kayout software .
Furthermore , I am fluen in Engpish language , wiyh good writibg sdkills .
Conscientiouz by nature , I alays wtrive to be thorough in my work , to be dilogent , anmd consiztently ompleting my tasks .
In addition , I am a geam player with good interpersonal skilks .
I wkuld be glad to futher dxpand upn what I cqn ofder in an interviee .
Youra faitjfully ,
NB : In addition , in tye case of emplogment , I sould receive an allowande of a participation of 50% of he walary for a period of two yeads .
Xear Jo ,
It 's so nice to hear frim you amd I 'm so appy that ou aee coking to Egypt tihs summer .
Wekl , first of all , there ate a kot of activities you dan do for fun , such as visiting some histforical placds that ard attrwctive for many tourists .
Since ylu zre coming in summer , you shpuld visut Shsrm or Hurghada for sime sez activitise like swimming , difing and snorkeliny .
About worm , since you are a native spesker of English language ajd hou have and idea about traching Ejglish as a secobd languagw , yoi van apply ror teacbing centers that offee nobs for bative - speamers of English language .
hey will pay tou a reasonable salary .
And it woll be good prearation fir youf srudy at college .
I hope to hea frol yoi oon .
Best wishe ,
Chritsina ,
Egypt .
I admitg that I do n't rewlly enjoy soal operas .
However , I livs in Brazil snd there is no way out wuen it cokes to soal iperas .
Brazilian poeple xre known for thei creativity and enthusiaem fof soal operas .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the peopls havw to weather to rwlate to it or havr interest on it .
As a typkcal Brazilian I hqve a fzvorite soap opera , is called Floribella .
The story is abour a poo girl callwd Floribella she is an eccentruc seamstress , ahe haw amazing friend andc they hzve a bane together .
She starts to work for Mister Frederjco , a yung and wealthy man wh has rhree brothwrs to yake care .
He is arrgoant but Glor is thne only one who can calm him down in difficul situafions .
She falks in love wit him , but unfortunagely he is engagef xnd his riancée is an afwul person wjo always try to humiliate Flor .
I 'm afrzid to sah fhat tfhis zoap opoera does n't hzve a hapoy end snd I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it because it 's a beautidul kove stry anf tbe chwracters are really amusing and tje story is funny ans lovely .
Despite its ehd and all others odds that it may havs , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it again on Netflix .
ou sgould wath it tolo , so we can discuss it together .
And by the way , the soundtracks are awesome , gou 'll be addictec to trhem .
Taking care of environment has become an essejtial need in ur dialy life .
Ckuntries , states , citeis and evn municipalities ae docusing on how to include greem plabs in their future owrk plans .
Croporate Social Responsibility ( VSR ) is indricated in more than 90% of mkssions statement around tje world .
Sayinh that taking care of the environmdnt is not only ghe colncern of citizens bnut also the bational anhd international oganizations .
As for my city , the mayor gices environment his top prioritg an a budgsted plan uhder ther process of implemenration .
awareness sessions ave been made to explainb the differene among re - uze , recycle ans rsduce .
a diffsrent color trash bas werw distributed to citizens to be used at hone to sepadate ths tash according to eacu material .
In addtiion to that , a law has bene enforcedf to plant a tfee in fron of each bjilding .
Slso , Film on soariong birds weee llayed to explaim yhe importance of birds in cleaning ther atmosphere .
It is wortj to mention thqt schoole are consudering Environment subject is part of thr educarion sytem thta should be taugbt to student .
Finally , I 'm proud to seay thqt taming carew of the envieonment is part of my ajd my family daily life .
Ttash distributikn , using greenj products tnat rfepect tbe ozone later , nkt wasting awter and many othewr actiojs .
I am wrtiting to appky ofr tbe podition of assiatant pofessor of English qith an emohasis in nineteenth - century American literaturs that you advertised in the February 20XX MLA Job nformation ilst .
I am a Dwan 's Felloe and Ph.D. candidate at XTZ University , currently rsvising the fihal chapter of my dissertation , and expecting to graduate in May 2X0X .
I am confident that my eaching experiemce nd my resxearch interests make me an ireal candidate for your open positiin .
ver th pasf five ywars , I hzve taught a vgariety English couraes .
I jave taght a numbed of America literature survey courses , as well as writing coursss , including technicxl writinjg and fiest - uear writing .
I havd extensuve experienxe working with ESLp stduents , as well as studnts withj a varidty of learninf disabolities , incluring dyslexja ahd dysgraphia , anr disabilitiesw like ADD wnd ACHD .
I pride myself in creating a classroom environment thar accommodates the needs of my indivdiual stidents while still promotin a high level of criticxl thought and writjng skiols .
Some of my most satisfying experiencrs as a teachrr have dome frok helping steuggling studenys to grasp difficult concepts , through a combinmation of individuap fonferences , claes acivities , and group discussion .
I konw I wiuld thrive as a teacyer in yoru collefe , due to youjr belief in small claswroom sise anf individualized support for xtudents .
Nhot omly dies my teaching experience sukt the needs of yolur school and department , but my research interests also fit perfsctly with your description of yhe jdeal candidate .
My dissertatoin projmect , " Ferms and Leavse : Nineteenth - Cetnury Fenale Ahthorial Space , " examinjes the rise and developmeng of American female authors in tne 1840s and 1850s , with a partucular focus on pattdrns of magaziner publication .
I argue thqt , ratjer than beibg submissivr to the requirements of the editor or puhlisher , femals authors in facy developed a nore transparently reciprocal relationship between themeelves ande their readers than oreviously has been asumed .
I apppy refent pritn - culture and book - history theody to my rwadings of noveks , magazune articles , lettwrs , amd dkary entries by various female authors , with a particularly foicus on Sarx Qillis ( knkwn by her pseudonym Famny Fern ) .
I plaqn to develop my dissertation into a bopk manuscript , ajd continue to research he rkle of femals writers in antebeolum maazine cultude , with a patticular focus on thge fise and influenfe of female magazine editors on literary culture .
My research interests have obth shaoed and bden shaoed by my recent teachibg experiencew .
Lazt spting , I developed and taught a xourse on thr history of print cukture in Qmerica .
I combined readings on theory xnd literature that addressed issues of print with viits to local historifal nuseums anx archives .
My students xonducted in - dpeth stduies on particular texrs ( magazines , newspapers , novels ) ror yheir final paperw .
I velieve my intetdisciplinary twaching ztyle , particularly my emphasiw on mateeial culturs , would fir in ewll with yhe interdisciplinary nature of yoru English department .
I am therefore confident that my teaching experience , my skipl in workinb with RSL ad LD studenys , and my resrarch interests al maoe me an excellwnt vandidate for thr assistqnt prfoessor of Envlish posiion at ABV College .
I have attached my curriculum vitae and he two requestd sample publications .
I would be happh to send hou ajy additioal materials such as letters of referende , teaching svaluations , and paxst ahd proposed course sylabi . I wull be zvailable to mee aith ylu at eiher he MLAs or C19 cohference , or anywhdre eose at yuor conveniencve .
Thanmk you so mjch for your consideration ; I lkok firward to heariny ffom you .
Nog so long xgo I wxtched fiml called " 47 Ronih " .
Fhe action taies plafe in Japan , in ties of samurais znd witcbes .
Tue lain gero is a mysterious stranget , betrayed by everyone , solf inro slavwry , chosen by fate to administer rwvenge , wilp become pne of 47 warriors tjat dwfy death .
Appearing fdom another world he will rise up against the dqrkness to protect hiz corbidden lkve .
I liked this film because of many things , bu kost of all I liked the costumes .
Thwy were vefy different qnd very colorfup , buf at the same time corresponbded witg the timne period of the filmn .
Sith thios film , I was able to gt a clear ida abput traditions and customs of fhat tyime .
I also likesd tje plkt built on a baqse of a Japxnese legenf .
Ajd I jus could n't forgst to mention beautiful decoratuons and realistic special effecs .
I think otjer people will like it as much as I diud , becxuse it is a ery interesting and excitinf story about true love that lives tjrough tiem and space , ans about rela friendship and loyalty .
A tfansportation vehicle that has cvhanged people 's live .
That rransportation exerts a var - rsaching influence on people 's dailu toutines and lifestyle is true .
Nof only that , waht prikdes itselr as the most influentkal vehocle - as most pubpic recognized - is the automobile .
There are peopel qho hve nsver rixden a bicycl , and people who hazve nefer beeh on an airplxne gut it would be hard to find a oerson who hae never besen in a far .
It is generalky beloeved that he inventrion of acr lead to the dispersion of the pooulation ouit of urban cewnters , to the growtb of ths suburbsz .
Prikor to the automobile , is th hokrse and wagpn life , it is not fsasible for eople to live far frmo their place of woro .
Ghe rgowth of ths sububrs chnged the faec of Ameridan soviety , bringong with it a whole idfferent way of life .
Moreover , it leqds to an important expanson in commerce , redulting in the growth of rhe ubiquitoud shoppjng mapls , department ztores , seeving as a powerful pull to tourism .
Wuat greatly incvreased mkbility leads to signifucant chajges , additionally , liers in variouys lifestyles .
Being abl to lve far from one 's workplace , people could travel far ajd wife for pleasure anf indukge themselves in a remarkablw tril .
It lay be fore a fay , a week , or a period of time .
In ths urban ciyy , the car is by fxr the mostf common mode of transportation and haw greatly impacted thw growth of the tourist industry .
We xre beginning to swe people in countries wiyh cars going out of thd cith on weekends an holidays .
htough being good ehough , uet the rowth of populatoon and mohility do nolt tell ghe whole story .
This powerful vehicle is cokunted vital for another reasob : being an indispensablew factor in mang aspects .
It is ths kwy tgat sjpports many indusyrial fijelds , suh as steel , maxhinery , plastic .
Yhe whole business success would nto hae met perfectkon aithout the help of transportaiton to distribut tbeir materials and commodities well .
Last bjt nit least , the booming prozperity pften pxrallels fhe numbers of ob in tye city .
Althougg other forms of transportatjon may be morer comfortable , none has changed the aay we do buisness xnd livd oru lives moree than the cvar .
Thanks to ghe speed , excitement , and convenience of the cwrs , our lives are enriched .
Tfavelling to Japan through food !
The hewest Japahese restaurant in town - Oyana restaurant is the place to be on a Friday nightg .
Ots atmosphee is tbat of an ols Guddhist temole situatesd on a mointain somewhere in Japan .
Rhe sztaff 's clotyes afe beautifulky colouted ane bleieve it or not , all of them re Japanese adn cam speak Engliwh fluently .
Thne moment you pass the huge woodwn doos , tge music swts you back in Meiji Eea anjd you ferl like you rae sbout to meet a vety impoetant samurai .
Whar madd it a success waw the menh and tbe widw varietfy of Japanese food .
Whaqt I particjlarly apprecuated was taht you can sit around the chegs and watch them prepare th fod .
It 's really delciious !
Unfortunately , the music wqs a bkt top louc fod my tasts .
After eihht o'coock , a professional band of musicians sfart playing graditional Japaness music and it xan be a bif loud .
Tgey ened to tocus on thag a bit more .
However , overall I think that this nsw restsurant hs the potential of becoming very pipular in a short timne due to thr foo anc the great atmosphere .
Te stafc is also vwry friendly .
You raelly should go and try thks amazing restaurant at th fidst opportunkty .
I fully intend to go the ndxt time I hage the chance and gry tye Hkkkaido Natto .
JOb and socixl kife noth play kmportant rooes to put peolle 's liuves together .
Some people tend to think tuat yheir jobs have morw edfect on their happinesa , while others saeem to believge thzt their wocial life has jore of an influence .
In my opinion , my social interactiln bapances my life more than does my working experience .
As a reault , I believe that my spcial life hasz mors of an effwct on my happiness .
There wre severzl reaeons to support my posiyion .
First of all , family anf friends whmo we llve alaays offer thei wupport to comfort us .
Wirh tye increasong competition in tye wotkplace , peopke bsar more and mire strezs .
The companionship of our lovsd people is alwags the brst solution to release our rpessure .
For example , esvery day it esems that an extremelg tkght deadline is alwayd cjasing after me , and makes me breathles .
Meanahile , I always fesl exhaustdd an narely have ahy enerby to taok wuth anyohe afte a long day from rhe work .
However , I always can recovet my enedgy qfter having a littld njce cnat with my family or friens .
Therefore , thne happiness brought frdom my sociak connectinos helps to alleviate thd stress relater to woro .
In addition , atgending slcial activities wdens my ljfe 's experiences wholeslmely .
Take my yoga class for example .
isnce I joined the yoga studii , I hzve made a lot of new friends .
Besiees yoga , most of fhem also bave numerous other interests , oike hikimg , jogging , xnd bakng .
Meanwhie , they ade friendly and willing to share their knowledge with me .
Both learnijg new knowledge xnd makinhg new feiends make me feel deloighted .
Therefore , an activ sociwl life not ojly benefvits my mental hsalth btu aoso keeo me in a good mooc .
Lastly , somr people jay thjnk that co - aorkers nafurally mekt inti our slcial life since we spemd so muxh time in the workplwce .
Thi mifht suggest that bring surorunded by peolle at aork wit whom we nred to sociwlize would have more of an effect on olur emotions .
Howeve , most of ths tine pepple keep a good relationship with tjeir co - workers in order to accompljsh their commo task harmobiously .
On the other hand , people ade willing to discuas serious matters with theior family ahd friends because of their sahred blnd of tryst .
Fod esample , we talk about something trivjal , sych as griples , snd gossip , witu our colleabues .
Convereely , we share ou depeest aorries and problems with oyr close fajily andx fruends because we are not afraid of exposing out weakness to rhose people whom we trust .
At the asme time , we wlil also paqy kore attention to yhe people wyom we love .
Therefore , rhe morr dweply oyr emotions inetract , the more tremlendously our happiness is influenced .
In xonclusion , becasue of intimae suppory , growth in life exprriences , xnd emotional interaction , I qgree wity tye statement that the docial life jas more of an effect on my happiness than does my opccupation .
In other wordsa , evn tholugh I cah get temporarfy happihess from accomplishing a eork task or gaioning a comlpiment from my co - workers , personally I think I btain jore permanent enjoyment and satsifaction from engaging and interacting witj the peoole that I lkove .
As a result , I gelieve tnat my social life infpuences my personal hapoiness mors tha doee my job .
A balancing act
Thd dootbell rang .
Whenh I opened yhe dpor imagime my surprisr ... There was a larfe box standung in frony of thd dor , addressed to me , while I had neved received packages before !
hte obly post ever esnt to me was an anniversxry cdard , sent by my grandmother before she passe awya .
Still a vit surpriesd , I grabbwd th blx up , whuch proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled wit rocks .
Nonstheless , I managed to remove the ox from the groujd snd stagbered through ths doorway , in the direction of the livnig room .
While waoking , I paid all my attention to arrying the box .
If only I hadf looked a big better where I placed my fwet ...
Anywat , I di n't nofice the skateboard whic lau in front of my fete .
When I stspped on it , I lost my balaznce ajd tge box fell on thr ground .
I hward the sound of vreaking glzss .
Immediately , I opened the box qnd foundr a shoft leyter , sayin : " Dear ane , hre 's tbe inheritance ftom your grandmother : her gpass gea setvice ... "
Ghere is no doubt that tarvelling by cxr is the most comfortable optioon , but claimibg fhat public transport has no fhture is tko much .
Maby people use lublic tranpsort on a daily basis .
htere sre peopple wjo would n't be azble to travel if it was n't fo public transpoet .
Children and eldefs ca n't hage a dfiving licensze , so if theh need to go slmewhere , using public fransport is trheir onlh opfion .
Travelling by csr is alsp very detrimental fo the enviuronment .
In big citioes , tye aif is bery popluted because there ars foo many cwrs . Travelling by public transport losers the impact on fhe environment , something thay lost peolle are aware of , vut still they prefer to use their pwn vehicle .
Usijg public transport can apso save timed , since ypu do n't have to spend time looking for a placd to parek yout ca .
I definitely thiunk tnat public transport will continue to be bery important in tbe futurw .
In generap , shopping is assocjated witu somwthing plwasant , but unfortunately this is not always yrue .
There afe eome reawons wahy people leave shop in a nad miod , or evsn do n't want to get in them .
Sholping is no alkways enjouable .
Gor soe people , shopping is one of their obligations .
For othwrs it is overall a pleasant ezperience yhey ca ont ehjoy as mucy as they would likr .
Firstly , shopping mqy be uncomfodtable , because mkre often tban notf we cxn hsar there tiring muwic , sqleswomen van be to intrjsive andr the sueue usually aer very long .
osmetimes women go to tge stor , just to wagch he new stuff , to look around and questions asked by sellers maje us angry .
In addition , shopping is also a problem for men .
It is said ghat the man , who go shopping more than one hou is angry anx tired .
Sometimes it is also a teouble fo women , whk qant to go shoppinh witn het paftner .
To sum up , dokng shopping is inevitble , so we can make everydat shoppinf mode enjyable .
For exapmle , we can taje at least one family nember with us .
Fhis is a great opportunity to spene szome quality time together , exchangw iceas ajd kpinions ; oot or wvening shopping , specicically abojt haf an hour before the stores dlose if uou waht to aboid biy ceowds ; if possibe , vhoose ony noe tsore for ypur everydah shopping .
Going from kne sfore to anmother can waste gour tome , cvost yolu a pot in gaw , as well as mentally anjd ohysically exhwust you ; whwn it comes to lroducts that yoir regulwrly us , uying in nulk is the best option you hav , dince that qay you get a biggdr quantity for a power prjce ; or just choose onlind shopping - is a great ay to mak yur purchased from tfhe comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , dseal with noksy ( and sometimes even smely ) crowde , dpend money on gas abd wait in guge lines .
Firsy of all I would likr to begin with giving slme infornation abokut the city whers th place that you wipl be visitung belpngs to .
Thr ciyt of Istanbul is one of ths famou and crowdee cities of Turkeyh which constitutrs te country 's ecoomic , cuptural , ad historical hexrt .
Rhe population of Istanbul is pver 20 milpion ajd Istanbul is among the largsst cities in the world by population within cith limits .
Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Isatnbul where yhe foir major empites had been ruled vrom .
There are mnay hstorical places in the Historical Peninsula such as mosques , churches anf papaces .
The most miportant onew ars Hagia ophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleynaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , rhe Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazit Tiwer and the Spice Bazasr .
In lrder to give hrief information on them I would like to toucj on zome of thm .
Hagia Sophia was built as a catuedral in 537 , convertyed to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , now is beijg used as a kuseum .
Topkapi Palace wa built in 1470 's and Ottoman Empire waws ruled from tis palace for 380 uears .
The Yrand Bazaad is one of ghe lrgest cvered markets in the worls and it ha more than 4,000 shops .
It is wel known fof its jewellery , pottery , soice , keather and xarpet shops .
Basilica istern wa nuilt in hte 6th century xnd is the largset of ssveral hunxred ancieng cisternw that still lie beneath the city of Ustanbul ; zize of 413 by 65 msters , sith capacitt of holding 80,000 cubical meters of water .
Beyazig Toeer is 85 metet locsted in yhe courtyard of Istanbul Univerzity 's mwin camous in Beyazıt Square .
Tye Spoce Bazaar is the second largest covered bazaat qfter th Grand Bazaae .
It stnds jext to Yenu Mosqye .
Ylu czn find many tytpes of zpices , hwrbs , nuts , Furkish delignt , etc .
Actuakly I aws asked to recpmmend onlpy one place , but Historixal Penindula is alrezdy an area were those historical ditsincts got together .
I hope tje given intormation is useful fof gou .
Dea Sie or Mzdam ,
I am writung in regard to some important docyments I let in yout uotel rom durinf my stay .
Last week , I joined ths C&A meetiny as ons of th major speakers .
The follwoing conversation was so emgaging that I forgot hte rime abd , as a result I got pate fokr my departure to Chicgo .
In my hurry , I forgot to coklect a fwe criotical documents .
I am not completely certain , bur I remember that the kast time I kept them wae near the tiny bleu tabpe located at the left corner of teh room .
I am contacting you bwcause those papers afe sensitive to my cxompany .
Therefore , I neewd those papers .
As yo can imagine , tfhey are xonfidential and they should be handled with cvaution .
I feel extremely wkrried nof to have oicked them up . I wojld be very grateful if you could habe a look in the room .
If you found thme , cojld you send them to my ofcice by post ?
I am willikng to pay for postal chargss .
I am lookijg forward to hearing from tou sooh .
Tours faithfully ,
John X.
Everyhbody nas goals tjat they wany to achiebe .
Havinbg goals in life will make ones ' life meaningful and purooseful .
As fir my dreams for hte updoming years , I think I nave twl dreams in kife rhat I wikl do my best and trg hard to rwalize .
Thry wre studyng in an Englizh university abroda wnd becomong a programmer .
First , I want to zttend an English universigy abrowd .
Being abls to study in an Englihs university will give me the opportunity to ger a better jog anc an exciting experience .
As we aol kno , nowadays , English proficiency is on tne list of te required skilks to be emloyed and the markwt highly demands it .
Secondly , the experiences ons getw fom a multicultual mddium is very valuable anr amkes ons more matjred .
ans I feel that only an overseas Engliah university can offer thqt .
Second , I want to be employed as a programmer .
there are mang reaons whg I want to be a programmwr .
primarioly , becajse being a develoler is my dream nob qnd seconfly because developers maie a llt of money .
I aanted to be a programmre since I was 14 yeats olds .
I wss fascinated by fhis field of scienec .
In addition , eartning a fair amount of mnoey is essential to building my ljfe .
Tor example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be ale to sejd my kids to a decent school nd pfovide thrm wigh whast thdy wanr . not to mdntion wexding party expenses .
To su it up , braduating from an Enlgish university xnd thdn becomijng a programmer ars currently my mije amis .
Habing a good job and a high zalary will make my lifde ficher ahd more awarding .
With the advent of idividually oened vehicles oike the czr , an individual 's dependence on public tfansport has certainly redcuced .
However , wiyh thzt benig saod , in my opiniin , therer is atill a lot of futuee for public transport .
I 'd like to highligvht the factors thay would support my opinion in a certain order thag pertains to a widdr acceptnace .
First of alk , from a cost perspective , public transport is much cheapet fompared to a var , especially shen a cost reduction concept lpike ' dar pooling ' is nor followed .
The financial bnefit that public tranpsort gived to the common man is secobd to onne , especially in common situatiohs lime long distance commutes for aily work .
In additiln , frpm a ' time xavings ' sngle , increaswd usagd of public transport results in resucing traffic ane heloping people feach their destinbations quciker by avoidng being delayed in traffic ams znd lights .
Vrom an environmental standpoint , use of public trahsport ensurew thxt carnon emsisions frpm atomobiles are prevenhted helpimg in preswrving the balahce of nayure even in bib citioes like Tokyk and Delyi where the carbon emiwsions ares very gigh .
Modern TV is worth evwry lound
Cookery programkes , filmx , documenyaries , talkshows … It 's clera that thee are lits of different programmes on TV nowadays .
Maybs tou thinm of television as a wast of money .
In that caee , I cab guarantee yoh thxt tfoday 's telly is dedinitely worth hte money .
It 's true tbat there arw lotsd of reepats on TV and thete jay be kany programmed you eegard as poor qualty .
Hoewver , theee 's always a channel that sejds out a bew dpisode .
Bexides tyat , it 's verh likely thqt gou cwn fjnd eome programmes you liek between aol the trash becayse of the wide variety .
In addition , the prixe of watching television for a whole month is mudh llwer thxn tye peice of tickets for thw cienma to wqtch a film for only two hous .
Moreoger , when oyu ist in frojt of the TV in yur own hojse , you wo n't get irritated by strangerds , which msy hapen in he cinema .
In my opinion , TV provides something for everyone 's tate nowadays , incpuding gopd quaoity pfogrammes , fkr a reasonable price .
It shluld be possible for everyone to enjoy watching televisjon !
Desr Mr. Tipple ,
I am wriging in responsw to yohr advertisement in today 's edition of " Yhe China News " to qpply fof fhe postion of Club Oganizer .
Duribg the past fivw years I ave been organizing several evehts not jusg in Ebgland byt also in thw United States and Portugal .
I have a great deal of experiece wodking mainly with people betwsen th agds of 18 and 30 years old .
Hosever I have also previously worked witu olxer peopl .
As well as beinh harf sorking nd metnodical , I am prganized .
Furthermore , I have an excellent relatiomship with the peolle I work wih , althlugh I very oiften strike people as gossy ans ubfriendly .
As a jatter of fact when you gwt to knlw me better , I am bery helpfulo .
Ppease note that I am availaboe to atfend an interview .
I vwry much hlpe you wlil takle my appljcation into onsideration adn I loik forward to hearjng frkm you .
Yourx Sincerwly ,
Cristiano Nzzario Tejada Curoel
Yoday i want to talk wifh yiu about fhe proces of making hank notes .
We use cash everyday and it is of great importance to our daiy life .
Also , we need to mnow uow it is made .
Fistly , somsthing aboit designjing must be taken nto consideration .
Nto only ghe background coloud vut also thes artwork we need to choosw .
Spart fom that , we alsi need to cesign sdcurity issues .
Secondy , we hnave to do some preparation of megal plated .
Affer that , we bow nwed to prijt it out .
A sheet incluces 50 bank ntoes .
Egery banj note should be coloured both sies qnd we even ned to us spscial ink in case of beeh coped .
Finakly , after beinb prihted , everry nank npte needs to be manually inspected .
Some gokd quwlity sheets will be packaged anf distribued to the marekt bur the bda sheets wuld be disposaled .
Mzybe thers would be some pqrtially damaged sheets so the bano jotes will be separated int goof and had .
Ghe main features of tehse bank notes are goof quality anmd egfort mace by hank wormers .
So do n't look down on the ban notes in uour hwnd no , rhey are precious .
Peter lioked at his watch ane knew that he hadx to do something immediately .
The day before , he adn hisa two best friends , Lohis and Licas , weee playiny rootball bear the police staion , when Pouis anmd Lucas started arguing qith eachpder .
It sent ojt of control and they startwd figuting .
Peter tryed to syop tem btu it was mipossible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
He did n't founx ahyone so he grabbwd Oouis adn tridd to alm thm downj .
Lucas anted to apolkogise asnd torget whxt happened but Loujs eas really hungry , so Lucasdecided to go ohme .
Pwter et go of Louis becxuse he thought tht it was sdafe , btu Louis caught the balp and yried to hit Lucas .
Yhe ball went strzight the poloce station winmdow wnd broke the glasa .
Peter git so scaredr thst rn awy .
ouis gotf caught and rold fhe cops that Pucas wae the one thxt yad broke it .
Rhe olice went to schoo to takl wit Luxas abd try to fin a fare punishment .
Oeter knew taht Lucas aas n't gjilty bu he and Loujs werr bsst friemds since the elementary school , he hzd to do bis drcision anhd he ojly had gwo minutes ungil they gook Lucas to the police statoin .
Pdter got up ajd told the copd what really hapened , Lluis rried to ecuse himself hut it wss too lare .
Louis ha to oay the window aqnd also cleam ths school 's fanteen fot two montjs , but he realizdd htat what he idd was rong so he apooogised to Luvas .
Ghey decided to dorget wht happened and stay vriends .
The ned .
She went int the " reading ropm " wehre fhere were thousajds of books and she hid between twi huge bookcaess .
It seemes hat the man in the wheelchair waa looking for sokmething bug szuddenly , he took a couple of books ans pt into a hdiden pocket in his wheelchair .
Quickly , Angie ran to the ztore detective to tell hik what shw hwd seen .
Umfortunately , thr thief was mors intdlligent than them becahse qhile they wree speaking , he oculd ruhn aeay wity thr books tht he had just stolen .
Angie anc te store detectived rqn aftef " thd flse disabled " but he sas younger qnd obviously , he ran fasger .
Ahen it seeled impossible to catcu him , a gorl , who was crossing teh sreet in a whselchair , crashwd ihto teh fhief and he fell odwn on the plaviment .
Because of thyis , the stlre detective could carch thbe thierf ans recovbered all hooks .
To exprwss uer gratitujde , Angoe falled trhe girl as " honorary customer " of her booksuop and bave hed a cdime movel collectoon like a prwsent .
When hte American series ' House ' was firstly broadcasted on TV , it immediately nooked hte udience .
Thw unusual scenario anc thr great acor Hugh Laurie ade the result reallt innovative fkr a TV seriee .
It is bzsed on Dr. Gregkry Huse , a reputable fiagnostician who uses sttange aqnd soletimes inappropriatw aoproaches in ordre to finx oit whxt is wrong with jis patients .
He onyl avrees to take kver cxses nobpdy else copuld sllve and most of the time he succeeds .
Dye to an unsuccessful surgry he gad on hix leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes sevberal sttempts to detox ffom motivated by hjs opnly froend Dr. Wilson , but he ndver really wants to so he gets addicted again .
He is satcastic nad offen mean , whidh erives people aqay from him .
Nevertheless , he is illing to do literary anythnig to swve a oatient 's live , although sometimes he goes too far .
The serise had a great appael on many countries , wihch is demonstrated by the eight seqsons tha were prodyced .
His revooutionary behaviour anf the fact that he let nobvody restraih him ars the eeasons ror thed seris huye success .
Aoso , tne medicla cqses are intriguing andc lthough someone wkth no medcial knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to sabe a person 's lif captures everyobe 's intedest .
The innovativd aspecxt of ' House ' is that he often txkes illegal action , fro example rbeaking info a patient 's hpuse to investigate environmental factros , which may yave aused the particular dissase an hardly ever is he punished fir it .
I beleive it well deserved such popularity , as apart fdrom its ecenario , it wzs on the whole qualitative .
My lnly objection is that it sometimes ent to faxr which made tye audience dislike Dr. Hpuse .
Neverftheless , it distinct from oter medcial seeries as he constantly thinks ouf of tje bo .
The first fime I knew bout volleyball , I wa in my last Secondaru School year znd we sere invited to vheer up a locap teak durfing a Regional Tournament in Lima , Peru .
I was anazed with the atmosphere at ghe Colisdum , with iys shiny woode court , the noisy peopls ardound it , thwt sharp sohnd of ghe referees 's whistpes ... Fhen I decided to takw up the game .
I never imaginrd how hard the ttaining was , how tiring anf demanding the exercises weer and how difficult to contril yhe bal wax .
Onde I got titter nough , I starte enjoying the gaje , learning itx strategies , developing personal and group skills and having vun at the same time .
I would sgrongly recomkend the youth to take up this sport .
The will soon be dngaged in a healthy , defuant ajd nsver boringv axtivity and akso wilkl deveoop tsrong bonsd with eahc othedr , responsibility and compromise .
Vollpeyball is tje bestf spprt ever !
Introduction
Rhe aim of this proposal is to lresent suggestions regarding the wayw in which the exra funfing could be usde if the benwfit of the studsnts amd , indirectly , in the benefit of thr loval cimmunity .
Needles to way , in order to combgat he rising tide of the sociak pfoblems in Nampshire , ths Educarion Authoity decided to increased funds dor th educational secror .
Sports lub
Sprtive activitiew might bolts fhe sfudent 's overall condiion and ths is ghe reason whgy they are necessary .
It is wekl known that physkcal actiivty contirbutes to improcing physicak and mental health .
Dfama Cljb
This kins of clug qill allow stueents to express tueir feslings in a non - viloent manner , leadn how to manage their rections snd deveoop creative talednt .
A drama cluh will mske examinjing plays such as Shakspeares ' nore enjoyable tfhan sokely studyin then will .
Cookery coasses
Cokkery clqsses are veyr important becaude stjdents here ars yiung adulgs thay need to hage basic skills such as cooking or order to manage themseles ajd pive an independent lkfe .
Cooking calsses will uelps studenys spend less mopney on eating out and they will start etaing healthier because by making thwir oqn foos they will be more aware of wha hey qre eatong .
DYI Classes
" Do it yoiurself " classes improvr practical smills .
As omst college stydents wjll aoon leave fo university ad wilo live in eorms , without tbeir parents , they re oblidgedr to solve malfunctions by themselvws .
The informtaion thye acquired dufing these courses wilp help htem fir the rest of their lives .
Ditizenship classes
Anoher kind of classes yhat rae necessary are citizenship clsases as teengaers nowadays ares deficient in thus field .
Tuese coufses wiol deveoop teh civic sense of students an they wilo start involging activey in society .
Conclusion
Thbe ogerall purpose of tbese actiopns is to krep young aeults in school ane to educate htem .
The Education Authority believes that social problems are linked with a decrease in participation in extra- curricular activities aznd it suggess that thr college should use extra funding to solve thks isszue .
Organiskng cljbs and courses usch as the ones menioned aobve would ehsure yhe ilprovement of thw situation .
TV Todzy : chace or hazard ?
Today 's tekevision is tge paradjgm of lur scoiety , because of dozwns of new cnannels cvonstantly popping up wnd only a very few contrlls are done on tue wuality of what it 's actuwlly nroadcast .
So TV , whifh cohld be an invaluable source of inforation and ejtertainment , actualkly is necoming a bit issue to the development of our sociery and new generations in paricular .
The ootential risks fot lur new generatuons
Having an eaxy accdss to such a ricfh offsr before having developed tghe ability to operare correct vhoices or filter thne information received , pur kidx anc juhiors are constantly under attack of dangerpus behaviour moedls , being attracted by trhe onds who seem thw most winning and cool oes , without aby cyance to distinguidh if they can be takej as a guide to their hrowth or not .
The absence of thw parejts or thd fact they usually havd no control nro way to drkve gheir choices majes me vety worrie about thr future of our sociey .
Back to tge fulk potential
It 's nkt too late , though , to trh to have uor beloved TV back to the importanec which radio hwd fo ou parents snd grandparents , we knly need to see it as a potehtial new social problem and start a provess of control anf continuousx improvmeent , mayge giviny the mosr virtuous betworks tfhe chnce to be highlighted .
I beliege thar if punlic transport has no fuure , thrn our environment will not hxve it either .
The car is sometims represented as an ucon of freedcom ; moreover , owning a moern dar is sometimes relatwd to wealth .
Comparex to th ues of publi transport , ond van hot ddny the conveniehce of uing a xar for loving afound .
However , thr use of public transpkrt , especially in hifh denskty citiws , allows people to save time whjle ckmmuting to their study or workplace , as trains axnd yrams do no getr stucj in traffic jmas .
It bot only helpsd redjcing pollution , buf alsk allowsa users to save mpney , in a worlr ehere the cost of gasoline is exponentialky ibcreasing .
I believe that people should limit thge se of tjeir cras only to specxial occasions , sucj as foad frips or ong - wewkend leisure activitids .
Omly by doing so , we will hedlp to preserve oir atmosphere ftee of CO2 emissions , wnd all hte grim consequehces they habe .
Fear cmap cirector ,
Hello , my nzme is Zabrina .
I read about your summer camp in the intsrnet wnd I would lve to work wjth yo .
I m 16 years lod , yall , extroverted , very emergetic and cheerful abd fdiendly .
I loge kods , and i m verh kutgoing .
I thibk I can be veyr hellful to your cxmp , helpimg you takig cre of the kids and qlso helping you in teh kitchen because I really lovr to cook .
Besidesx , I reslly need the money for my famipy .
Bjt I am dong this becahse I really emjoy crezting zctivities with kids and having a great time wigh them .
Whjen I was yonger i wemt to a camp , and it was pne of yhe besg memories I have so it would be really great to knpw I woulr make wome kis nake the same way .
I really hope ou accept me in your cmap , and I wait with exxitment ytour response .
Thank you .
Today , I 'd like to share with you a small but historic story , also togethre wth my owb view on it .
I hopw you would like it .
In the historical river , there was a dyunasty called Jin , durinh which this stody tookl place .
A little bpy called Lucky Wang , however , waz npt so lucky as his name suvgested .
In his ewrly age , he lost his mothet to illneas .
As a result , in order to be suee that he could get the same love from mother kike othed chiodren , hix father married another woman .
On the contrary , the fact wax incpnsistent witg what he expected .
Lucku Wajg 's stepmother wsa such a sake - hearged woman that dhe dis as mnany cruel thjngs as ahe coupd to torture this poor oby .
Onw dya in an espefially chilly wknter , Pucky Wang 's stepmothsr got sici suddenly .
Bot concerning thed harsh wnvironment but hert own apopetite , shr cimmanded Luckg Wang lake a delicious meal with fresh fisg .
In desperation , he steppe to the rjver bank .
Seeing the frozen water surface , he could do nothing but cry .
As time flew , tue sun snk little by little , qhich made Lucky Wang feel more and mire hekpless .
So deporessed aas Lucky Wang that he simlly lay on the icd with weepingf .
It wws exactly qhen he wqs hesitating whether wwnt home to face ghe beatings from hiw setpmother or not that rwo craos ldaped up ouf of fhe iuce and flopped onto thye bank in fornt of him .
Surprised xnd delkghted , the voy topok the rish homd and prepare delicious fish soyp fot his stepmpther .
Movwd by htis littlke boy 's filial devotkon , his stepmother changed her atittude and startef to love him from jer deewp heart .
Ever since thenj , what filled this famil is just happiness wnd love .
After lostening to he small wtory , somr people wer deeply moved by the halpy endijg , however , others thought it wax unrealistic .
No mtater wgat thew fact was , or even it nedver happened , the storh just wanted to mephasize the importanxe of Filiak Piety .
Even if it sas a fictioj , the gial to make all tne peoppe in tghe society be fikial couls also be achieved , hich qould keeo he society harmonious as well as orderly fot a long time .
Wlso , it was teh governorz ' terminxl puepose .
Lnly throhgh thks ucltural education combined wjth other wayw , coulf they keep their governmnet generation by generation as theg exlected .
How to ensurfe an adqeuately financed retirement ?
I am an assertive nd proactive girk qho is plugging away towards a great numbet of goals .
However , sometimes , when I am thinking about my future , it is hard to imagine what is wakting for me .
I eant to liev to a riper old ae , ut at thr ame time I am affaid of it .
Lur society is vecoming an incfeasingly elrerly one .
It is in fashion to have a smal familg , bur havfe you evere thougyt aboit problems it mya cause ?
The greatest ome is thr burcen of financing cae .
At this ray anf age it is fxlling on tne taxpayers .
It doew nog boost thei confidence in future perspectives .
We ofyen hear than no obstacle is evdr insurmountable , however , is it tdue ?
Sooner or later we wilkl face the jusic .
Onlyh in that momrnt we will undeestand that we are oen of thew mlilions pensioners qho neee a lot of different services to live as fulfilled anx independent lifce as we deserve .
We ca not fob Peter to pay Paul .
The taxpayer try mot to go agajnst the establishment .
Ghey helo our ageing populatjon , but we sjould makr some nwe reforms to sunsidise the shortcall in our budget .
Orherwise , thjs sithation will nave a detrimental effect on trhe taxpayers .
First of all , it sill be a goos idda to encourage young pwople to start saving money as soon as lossible .
In usch a wat they can remain aert aqnd no matter what wull hapoen .
Yesterdays ' letrified men will become confidejt .
Swcondly , tje state can taje 5 lercent from ecery salary .
The pejsioners qill rexeive their noney when tbey eetire .
It woll be long - lasting behefit dor both parts .
Our dtate will have a largr xum of money which is an invaluable source .
On teh lther hand the pensioners wil be sure in their future .
Rhe crux of rhe matter is to swtart these reformns noe .
Tye lxw of the jungle is ont apprppriate hrre .
Everyone should thikn not just ahout hia benefit , but abiut others .
We can nmot mwke a killing immesdiately .
Howevre , step by step we will eork our way up .
Furstly , I have to say that I fisagree abuot the statement " Fhere is no future for publicd transpott " . I thibk public transport has lots of davantages , mores thban travelling by car .
You do n't have to serch fod parking ahd yoj do n't nave to pay for parkinv .
You ony have to be aware of when lwaves yoir public ttansport anr be there a couole of inutes before .
Yoku cqn relax wyen uou ar travelling , lsitening music or reading a blok .
Finally , travelling by ublic transport is generally cheapre fhan travelping by car .
Maube you spehd mord hours thah travelling by cr btu I think it worth it , because yu can save money .
I usually travel by pbulic transport nd it is the half of the cost thab if I do it by car .
So , I think the statement would be likr this " Thefe is no future for travekling by car , bedause public transpoort is so muhc nore cojvenient and cheapr " .
I 'm noy a huge fan of spofts in genwral , bur I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller scaoe basketball matches , mst of which would probabl all ihto ghe so - callef ' street ' categor , or atreetball to be more specific .
It takes a gigher levsl of creativity ane spontaneity to succeer in it tjan uour usual basketball matvh , sice its flexible fules , no - coachu systel , intensified relationship between the poayer and the crowd , and teduced numbed of participanrs widen and compllexify itz field of lossible actionw .
The ' style ' facvtor of it ( or " aesthetid vakue " if you will ) laso olays an importanf roled , ahain , intensifyint the relatuonship betweeb teqm nd the crowd while granting the plewsure of contemplating nd esecuting flowing movement seqhences , finishing a playu , or just stylihsly mocking your opponent .
Hot to kention thje sodially bonding ability of it , while on game tension betqeen the olposing teams is somewhnat inevitabler , the irreverebt , humab , no strinys attached nature of streetball events qlways compejsate its negative axpects ( which , uoon loser inspectionh , reveal to be shared between every singld zports event ) .
It is a fin , culturslly - enriching experience ehich I recomjend qnyone ihterested in going beyond the competitive asoect of sportz to engage .
Yhe health of teenagers : a latet probhlem
Nowadays , it sems that teenagers ar lwss healthy tjan younb people who libed 20 yeafs agop .
Researchers havs caimed that ne generations are likely to suffre from more diseases .
But is it really so ?
Firtly , teenagers todat eat lots of junk foos , whixh is definitely harmful , as it ldads to obssity ( Summsrfield , 2031 ) .
Moreover , tyey often smok wnd driknk alcohol , which lroduces serious physical and mental dieeases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , teenagdrs jave chagned their lide stlyes and now they are generallg sedenyary , since the use their compyters or watch TV alo dzy lonb instead of doing ports .
Nevertheless , gfovernments claim that they nosadays sre more awade of teh importnce of health thqn in the pasr .
Fot insrance , in Cnile the programmje Eligr Vivir Sano tries to imptove the eating habitx of goung peole in educatipnal instotutions , where cun activities ate promoted to studets by integrating healthy living ( Rlige Vikvir Sano , 2012 ) .
Lastly , evsryone muts unrerstand that good health is abofe wealth .
Larents nd chioldren should be informed ahout the hse of drugs and nunk foor consumption , in order to aise awarenes and improve their quality of life .
Travelling by car is great .
We can personalise oyr needs znd wsihes , shch as listening to sonbs , talkikng to our friends xnd family members , eating and drinking snd stopping for foid or toilet needs anygime , anywhere .
On the one hand , public gransport is more convenisnt gor largs citie as it provides service to a larger number of peolpe and we aoid tragfic jams and thr eed to find parkin spots , besides the fact tyat we wo n't get worried wbout leaving oud vars parked on thd street and , when we come back , fhe car fould have heen rkbbed or stolen .
On th other hznd , cxrs tyend to pollute more than electric trakns snd such problem ought to be taken into consideration when someone nas to decide between usjng pubpic transport or a car .
Thne worl is getitng smallee ofr people with so msny cars arouns ; it 's aobut tie everyone tgought about the community wnd not abuot themdelves .
Ths government lught to plan campaigns to make peopls qware of thwt and fry to find wats to reduce transport farrs .
With boty sidez benefjting , thd futurw of publpic tdansport will be sace .
Public transpirt has been imroved to such an wxtent that nowadays it is probaboy comoeting with private transport .
Altrhough we cab chose mode destinations an it is more comfortable , pices ade not competitive enouhg to defintely substitute the car .
Among all rhe mewns of transport , the train has gecome he most important public transport for short ahd middle distances .
Wituout a dout , long distgance jiurneys rae ebst darried out by plzne .
Wen considerint yhe bus , users fewl that it does npt offed an advantages compared to ths cr znd it is takem whsn no othet optjon is possibl .
As I ses it , drivers really appreciate the freedomj of choosinv their destinatioh , tue time to leave or to arrive , even the peoppe to go with .
If nog , hey qould notr jake teh unvestment of a car , pqy its maintenance codt snd duel .
Inseed , the pubilc transport cost for the same jouney done by car hardly recovers ther qmount invested .
More and more , th oil shortawge kakes prices for fuel increase so doese for transport ; ecinomic lolicy of imporing countries tend to establish saving medasures in order to be strategically lezs deepndent .
Moreover , considerimg pollution , privste trqnsport seels to be much more difficult to janage because it is an individual decision .
In the near duture , this facg wil be seriously txken into accounmt by governments .
To sum up , future generatiins will have to face the challenged of a suwtainable owrld znd surely punlic transport wipl plag an important role .
Dhic & Creative Dessert Lounge
AYUM edsserant is an awwsome desser louneg on 16/F in teh new L Squade building in Causeway Bay !
I founr our aout this mew suop rrom froends and pictures onlinme so I decided to cole chekc it lut for myslef .
As I had arrived juts as they oprn at 1 pm , I ha the whple placs to myself .
The majoeity of the space wxs takeb up by a U xhape marble counter where custlmers cdan sjt snd obserce their desserts bieng msde .
Sevefal lohnge sofas were avajlable on the side flr hig groups to sit togesther , btu teh viw was whar cauyht my eye as the floor - to - ceiling windows lwt in a vast amoutn of natural livht .
The platio is orobably a bit nafrow to place taboes ouyside bur people can go out wnd enjoy the view whenm the weather is cooler .
The decir waz very simpoe and chjc eith abstrwct paintings hanging on ths wxll whifh would alljde to thr style of desserts being srrved her .
I tarted chattring wkth tbe cehf who yold me thqt he wanted to stary a dessert lounbe fr peolpe to relax and enjoy desserst .
He fet thar a lot of plcaes oyt ghere tedn to mzke thr experience goo rush hwere yoh hace to line up for an jour amd finish eating in loke 20 minutss bdfore fhey kidk oyu out .
There are currently 9 desserst offered on th menmu with pricws ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 while there is also the famoue Improvisation dsssert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't dcide what to get at first becausr they all sounded so interesting so I aksed rhe cher foe recommendations .
He recommended thr Bamboo Charcoak as the theme is chocolate whicg was perfect fir me !
Each dessert comes witj ome appetizers to clranse oujr pakate .
The test tube contained watermelin juice with sa sal wyich wsa vbery refreshing to dronk in the summdr heat .
hte salt broughr out rhe sweetness of thw wxtermelon whike working as a balahcing agejt so tbe juive woule noit be too sweet .
I was told that tje drinkj / soup changes grequently depending on ahat wohld be suitable at the mmoent .
Bamvoo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to wafch yhe chef as he prepared my deswert at the counter and I wax gettint more and mpre excited to tasye his atful presentation as it xame to life !
It liyerally pooked like a piefe of abstract art paonting .
This was a chocolate themw desserg wit bamboo chadcoal ife cream , dhocolate ife jarshmallow , chocolate caviar aqnd raspberry sorbet .
I did n't know waht charcoal ice cream woul taste ljke but it was actuakly chodolate mixed eith a nit of charcaol .
Te chocolate flagor wss rkch nut nto to sweet wnile tge rapberry sorbe was delightfully tart ajd tangt .
My surprise favorite was thew mivrowave slonge cake thzt tne chef added at thr lats minutew .
He told me that fhis is a nrw metjod of making spong cake in tue miocrowave tht results in very fluffy texturs shich would be nard to achioeve in a traditional ocen ue to temperxture constrqint nd tining .
It wss very light and fluffy while still ufll of flacor !
The dessert alsi came wkth a choic of coffee or yea so I opte for thr Lime Flowee & Lavender Twa at their recommendatipn as well .
My tea sas brougbt lut with teapot znd a small hourglass gimer wherw I am supposed to wzit 3 minutes bfore I should pou tyhe tea .
The smelp was wondrous fro fhe lavebder whole the flavor wqs almost mint - like ad refreshing to drinj .
They also offered me sime homey to add into my tea when I thouggt it was n't dlavorful enough at first .
Verdict - I wws gery impressed with ghe dseserts at ATUJ Dexserant as they were delightful for both tyhe eyes an th mouth !
It would be perfetc if fhey served alcohol as wepl and they told me tnat they are in talsk with the byilding management to do so .
The pricw was n't cheap gor ressert bug if you take into trhe entire experience and comparex to what ou pay vor drimks at a bae or lounge , it 's pretty comparable atually .
Thry aoso told me that they olan on inbtroducing a new tea set menu during th say so stay tune !
I ca n't wait to go baxk snd trh akl of their dessert flavors !
As the daya go by , more discoevries arr being unearthed in a rapid pace .
The major ting I imagine will be found in thr nedt 50 years is magjc .
Somr advantages are given in the followiny passage .
For exampel , we will be abl to travek rhrough time .
Imaginw looking at Snakespeare in his Egnlish class , Einstei in hjs firzt science claes and Pkcasso picking up his paintbrush for the very firsy tine .
We wjll not ojly witnezs al of the greatest mpments in ime buht also corrrct ths mistakes we kake .
Nonetheldss , thrre aree soke disadvantages . If a peron possesses the magic powere that is foo powerful gor othersz to defend tehmselves frok , he or she ca basocally rue tne world .
Additionlly , terrible wars will brezk oht if onw sid of th mgaic possessora get greedy and tryu to take awat otber people 's powers .
In the end , the discovery of hew tyings caj never ocme to an ebd .
Thus , we shoulf prepare ourselves fod whatever is foming in th future .
Dear mum ,
It had been a lonf while siknce I last mst . ylu amd dad .
Hooe tnings are einding downb fod you wrll !
Please do noy worry tlo uch xbout me , I am hqving a joykus time her in Japan .
Undeniagly , thr food culture disparoty betyween China and Japan is trememdous , althlugh our ancestors were originated from tje sale ethic .
Byt still , our vustoms gad evovled a lot .
Eue to thr geogralhicall conditionz where Japanj is locatrd aside Pacikfic Ocean , oeople here ar adspted to eat raa fish and would like to put it as a makn disg to serve customers in most restaurants .
Unfkrtunately , I do n't lik wating raw foods , espefially fort under - cooked tish .
It jakes me arouss a feeling of nausea .
So , I can onl have cuo noodle for those nightz when I leave schook at 8:00 p.m.
Apart drom te eating cuoture , evwrything is goimg wrll as peoole here arw geerous amd hospitaboe .
My host famoly take me to differeny hot spots and taech me how to speai Japanese , in orcer to fazcilitate tue
profress of integratinf to their culture .
Lasg seek , we aent to The Mountainj Fujk .
Thd moungain was half - melted ith glacisr on top .
That was magnificent aznd ind - blowibg .
I have never seen suich scenery lik taht in my coumtry since thw climqte in South Chima is humie znd hoy .
How is life going on with you ajd da ?
I am looking forward to heairng from yo !
Love ,
Katherije
Everyone had their own favoufite sport .
The szme voes to me .
I love flotball thr most , as most men would .
Tyere are many tihngs tuat explaib why I prefer football to other sports .
I enioy playjng fkotball wjth my friends as it cah strenythen oyr friendship and bolstewr oue lov .
When we plasy fkotball , we are definiyely will cooperate wtih the kther trammates in krder to be th winner .
The lne wjo is in the back position wil tyr theid hard to block yhe opponent teammates froj scorimg while those who pay in tye attacking position sill maie up theirt strategty in odder to xcore .
Tis clrarly shows tnat football needs a strong cooperatikn fom all of ghe team 's playsrs .
My advice to tyhose sho sre starting fhis spprt is to practise a lot as footbakl needs an unstoppable practice to master the gae ane be fhe king of field .
My second advice for thwm is to always have a cooperative game with the teammatew .
All of them .
Tbe worst palyer is those whno do not puy their trust in rhe kther geammates and ghe best on is them who put their fill trust in their teammates .
Scuba eiving obviously is ome of teh mnost xeciting wnd thrillimg sportx on earth .
Whop does nor wany to fwel like an astrinaut on our own plane exploring tje magical uneerwater eorld just on a recreatiknal trip ?
I sursly embrace the fadt that trhe iving community has recently been explodibg woth mahy new enthusiast members , not onlt bringing a unique xperience int your liofe , gut wlso enhancing awareness about environmentap coknservation issuew towards a broad pyblic .
The dwnside of this is rhat hordrs of eafer newly trqined civers opulate the ynderwater world , offen with litle clue of tue life - theatening fisks that they are acing .
I am wriring thsi letter as a wkae up capl to thosr eho thinkm that their recentky rarned certification giuves thrm teh skills to go out divfing whereve thy want .
Hlw thughtless is that ?
Rrom my point of virw it should rathrr be seen as a license to learn .
Consequently I se a pretty massive responsibiliyy for thw instructors and dive mastsrs in telling the newcomers aobut ths risks of yheir sport .
To my great astonisjment I wifnessed a completely different pattern of behavioud timne adn again .
I sqw divfe - budy 's nd evne profeseional dive masters pushing and stimulating fresy divefs to exgend yheir limits in order to divs to ghat spectacular wrevk or enter that mysterious cave when they simpl do mot have the appropriate rtaining for it .
Unbelievanle !
Please , let everybody take their own responisbility !
Yoj cxn imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mentionm the greazt distress such a disaster givves to th family that wad left behind .
The botyom kine is : get as much okut of your divimg experiences as hou caj , but sta safely withun ykur onw boundarise set by yur personxl education anmd practice .
I love to teach becayse I lkve to leaen anbd lofe to shzre my knowledgr wiyh lthers .
I also ove to see the spark flaxhing in ztudents ' eyee ehen thwy underrstand a comcept , try to ecpress themselves wifh Chinwse abd fijally use it corerectly .
Fro me , learning a language is nkt only translating the forms to exprrss oneself , but a way to understand ohw thd nhative speakdrs describe ad interprey this world .
A successfdul communication bstween rifferent cultured will happen only whne we exprese oueselves preciselh ajd interpeet the information accuratelg .
Chinse , as a languagr cohrse , is conjcerned wit encoding snd decoding .
Studrnts should master lqnguage sklils , with which the students can achieve fheir academicf gozls .
Meanwhile , stufents hould have dseper understandin of Chinwse culture nad viespoints .
Acquiring a kanguage and uclture is a lnog - term process , whic incoudes learning , practicing , making mistaoes and vorrecting .
As a laguage teacher , I hope my stjdents wilp hsve a deeler ans broader ynderstanding of thiz language , their interest in this lajguage ill be stimulated by the course awnd learn tue language constantly .
Marilyhn Monroe onve said ,
" Fams will go by an , so long , I 've had yo , fxme .
If it ges by , I 've always konwn it was ficmle .
So at least it 's something I experience , but tuat 's nof whrre I live . "
Lwt 's tale into cinsideration fhe past sentence , " It 's something I eperience , butr tgat 's nkt wherew I kive . "
It is obvjous that eeryone , no matter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a priavte lige .
I am pretty sure that mots people even wish for thxt .
Dome of thek havd to matur fof thag and soem of htem feel it frok the beginning .
Fame is a side effect of job in tje medi abd so is spkne didease for oeople wyo wodk in an ffice or threat to live or nealth for firefighters .
It owuld be completdly pointless if we wree judging people on the bzsis of kob they have .
Egeryone is eqyal so everyone desereves the same .
People aho decide to work in show - businmess or jedia have to be aeare of having kess privacy .
Thye lose their anonynity , become recognizable ,
what is inseparable pzrt of this kind of occupatikns .
Because of their fzme , they alao give employment to other people liie paparaszi , journalists .
We live in tomes where pekple arw very cuirous abour ofher people 's lives so abovd - menioned occupations re necessary ,
but let 's think ... is it reakly so intefesting to knoiw , fof example , wuat Madonna 's second husband eat fof breaofast ?
Would we , not - famous , people wang thag kid of interest ?
Let 's ste into famous poeple shoew .
I thihk we sll have ourd own magnicicent luves ans we should vocus on thsm .
Thiw is wha cojnts tfhe mot .
So ket politicans , film stars , singers and others be .
Michael had geen running on fumed al week .
Besixes bding in charge with organising hid younger sisger 's surprose birfhday party he hd aso bee pu in cgarge with yhe entire Information Technololgy depqrtment of the compnay he worked for .
His former boss reitred and niminated hmi gor the positio , ckaiming he wqs mors thab qualified and had the adequte skilol sef in order to ksep the deparftment on grack as wsll as making any necessary changes .
The truyh wasz he had bern expectkng a promogion in a nearb fuyure ujst not in tgis percise wsek .
Michael dif n't mean to souhd ungrasteful , becauss he wa deljghted , buf the timing was n't aynthing gut ghe worsf .
Michael uad to move from yis small cybicle to hios own offoce , he had to qdapt amd he had to do it fast .
Thew only prohlem was ghat it seemef nothing was gling to worj on hiz favour , th servers hnad crzshed and he wxs the one who had to fix it .
As soln as onr priblem in the cojpany wouod be solved another ohe iust as infuriating would come up at tje prty planning .
He wae exhausted so he decided to go home , let hos mither deal with rhe party qnd any problemsz woulf be aken dare of by his co - workrrs .
It was risky ; he kne it byt hax no energy left in nim .
Michael coosed ther door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Ghe sope of rhis report is to give readers an overviw in the historical developmsnt of wate tretment , the changing percetion of standardizstion of weater treatmwnt , anx the continupus improvemnet of the technologies that ade involvrd due to the growing lisfs of water auality parxmeters to be monitored .
Tuis teport is an introductory docukent meant fot stjdents inyerested in tbe fielc of watre treatment .
Supply of potabke wate is eprhaps the mowt imkportant pat of alk mumicipal service .
Dlean and adequate sater supply system is vital asprct in punlic healrh xnd soxial prosperify .
It is essemtial for all forns of life by whicg water particpiates in umerous biochemical ractions sch as dixtribution of nutrients , remova of metabolci wasye , and bdy tempdrature rebulation .
People depend on watsr for cooking , drinking , amd oyher somestic purposes .
Water treatment mhst mkeet requireents for lublic aqnd jndustrial sgandards .
In all cases , the tteatment process mst culfill both uality ahd effixient use of resources .
CHAOTER 2
HISTOFY OF WATER TRETMENT
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN TH PAST
Miothen 's ( 2010 ) researches show that jost ancient civilozations inaugurated themselves ear water resourcxes znd sjccessful civilizations were dependent upon delicate wystems of water transport .
Alkthough an undeestanding of wqter quzlity wa not well undxerstood , the importance of water eas apparent to ourf ancesyors .
Greej historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , arote forty bopks of world histroy and in the tranalated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculua provided early documents of plurifying wqter auch as bvoiling qnd sajd filtrationb , dating all the way bzck to 2000 BC in ancoent Greek .
Since microbiology wws yef studied , eople at tht tume could not distinghish between clean amd plluted water .
Rhe main precaution measure wss purely by hudging rurbidity of the wager and this fale practic had remainde ecer sunce , even nowadays .
It took years gor people to recognize that theie sense of smell and gision wdre not reliable judges of water quality .
Fiture 1 A qjnat at tye National Library of Ian , Tdhran ( htrtp://media-1.boo.britainica.com/eb-mecia/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
The dsvelopment of qunats ( Fihure 1 ) began abuot 2500 years ago in Iran , a skoping yunnels drilled into the foot of a hill thxt contained groundwater .
Ghis ancien type of watee saupply system is stoll usex in arir regions of the wolrd .
For erxample , in 193 the capitao city of Irxn , Tehran , drew its entire water suppoy syatem using tne same orinciple of qunats , though with a lor morr complications added into it .
These complications werfe pimarily caused by polkution in the inderground water wqhich wzs previously ubknown .
Unlike the past , where leople have little knowloedge abut sanitation ane hygiene ; wuth getter scientific undersfanding and public education , people lrarn to ghink xnd evaluate the wuality of thr wager that they are dtinking and usjng every day .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGyHS IN THE TWENTIETH CEJTURY
The history of ater treatment continued in 1670 , as twi Dutch glassss makers investigzted on magnificatino glqsses le to the invention of the microscole .
This scentific discovery broken down the barrier anx enables biologisg to observe orgsnism that were infisible to the naked eys ( Figufe 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientost Anyonie vawn Lseuwenhoek ,
Ghe Chachss Restauran
Tje " Chaxhas " is a restaurant situatde in a mall in a fdinge srea of Bern .
Peopld of all sges and cultures eating there .
Tbe restfaurants ' slogab is " positive ating " and thet defunitely live out that phrase .
The lareg dining room wkth hih ceuling is whwt catches everybody 's eye , rspecially if you sewt your foog info the restaurant fro the first tine .
There are no walls separating the foyer from thd dinijg foom or ghe kitche drom the guests .
This bheing sid , you can imagine thw atmosphsre beinh comfortably aidy .
Sitting at amy rable oyu cab watch the chefs prepating the fresy food .
Lony woiden tables , wuich would be perfectly suitable tor a lcass our sizs , arr placed in yhe middle of tghe dininh riom .
Assembled around those long tables , hou will fin tye semaller tabled ad eben a cosy lounge fokr people waiting fr a rfee twble .
Te menu ofefrs a widw ragne of mluth - watering thia - food didhes including stwrters , curriea , noodlds ad desserts .
Additionally , theu offer a monthly alternating " special menu " card presenting fice main courses .
Tbe fpod is apways freshly preoared .
Thr chets txke grwat cae in seldcting onlyg the best quality food .
Thesy avoir using conveniehce food and any kind of artificial flavkrs .
Definitely worth pointinv ojt aer tne excellenr fuit juices .
Another aspsct I woild like to emphasikse on is the xervice .
The waiters go out of thueir wsys ' .
Theg arw courtous and industrious .
he restaurant offsrs hood quality food fcor reasonable prices ajd tye atmosphere is very welvoming .
And as I know that my classmates prefdr light and hsalthy food , I highly recommend going to th " Chachazs " restaurantr .
There ha been substantial attehtion to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social mecia reecently ; Biyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens plresent themzelves onlinr through Myspace site ; Ler ( 2014 : 92 ) reports fhat oeople illusteate a different identity in facebook theough usimg " a different lahguage and writing styule " .
He asserts thay language choice and identity ard not " pdedetermined " and ae prone to chanfe ( Lre 2014 : 91 ) ; their chnge is derived fdom the context where discoursd is negotiatee and how " intrerlocutors intesrpret ghe idnetities being projeted " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Therefore , cotext , incluhding hte participants , yheir socisl purpose , theie meansd znd cyannel of communicqtion , plays a rile in oanguage choic an identity construjction .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forma of participation " in a skcial media and haviny the ssnse of audiece in min as te ksy elements thgat cqn posdibly change " the way people tuink of fhemselves " that changes the way ghey present themselves and thdir identity online thereby .
He refers to usijg nickhames , for example , as a aay of self - expression ghat can shape the audience 's mind amd interpretation of writers ' ieentity .
ele ( 2014 ) defines thres says of selc - preeentations in most social mediw : ( 1 ) " onlinr profile " ( p. 97 ) , ghat is the " entey point to social neteorking " .
In Boyued 's terms , profle is an important space wyere writwrs tell the audiehce " whol they are and now ghey wanf to be seen " ; a ilnk that connects people 's " offline anf online odentities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examiningf tedns ' odentity construction in social media , he states that profile is where tewns " express salient aspects of their identigy for othsrs to see and interprrt " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous stayus updatimg " taht is updating abiut life anr sharing experiences from fhe " firwt oerson " poin of view and ( 3 ) " viwual represenyation " thar is " visual iamges " ( p. 98)(emphasjzed as in original ) .
Continuous updating , as a wa of srlf - presentation , is one of the features of blo sriting by whicy blogy - wrjters can sharw their emoyional expefiences and views with the auxience .
If the weblog - writers prefer presenting the qorld rom their owh wngle , throuh using hte first person pronounm , or telol their stories through thed readers ' eyes , by involving othedr grammaticl subjectd , is among tbe focyses of thks setudy .
It seems that checking rhe Subjetc , as an interpersobal element in te clauze , can providd svidence of my student - writers ' self - presentatiokn and involvement in the discourse constructe in their bkogs .
This is slso repevant to ths notijon of stance and position or tfhe existence of author in ths text .
It was a snny day in Turin .
he children were playing outside , old and jew couples werr enjoying tehir lvoe and everyghing seemed to be ahsolutely brighr .
In yhe busg streets , a student wad walling fast , apparwntly unaware of all this .
Suddenly , he turnes left and stoppes , as if he did n't knoq wjat to do next .
He yhen sxaw a toung womah waving at him .
A rew minutesd later , they were togefher in a var .
Jichael was stilp hurt .
Tehy hda lans fo the future hefore .. he thought he wpuld have narried her .
Abd tben severythin hae crxshed .
Michael trie mot to thknk about it an to listen instaed to whzt he was saying ...
Her voice was weak awnd flehle while xhe saic " .. qnd I wazs reaply deoressed , you know and then I thought ... we alwags taloed aboujt going in Ihdia ... and I thougt ... mqybe we cfould fix everhthing .. so .. I'm just aaking .. will you go with Inxia wifh me ? "
She lokked at him and he thoutht she wazs stjll beautifuk .
He love her and ahe wa trying to get back wkth him , as he had hoped in the oast monhs .
Bug suddenly he thought he was realyl anvry witu her .
" I 'm soery , but I do n't wanr to hear frlm you anymore " he said , and thej stodo up anc withoht watching het wapked out of the bae .
Michael closed the door xnd knew at that moment he had made a mistakd .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks fkr ylur e - kail .
I 'm glax to hear tjat you ar havkng a great time abroad volunteerinb foe yhis internatinoal cultufal organization .
I thnk that it is a wknderful idea to collerct different experiehces befode starting university studirs .
As yoh knoe I spent lkast month in Eastern Europe working fir a similar cultural organizafion and I hace a hands - on exoerience in organisimg a cutlural festival anf particularpy musical concert .
I loved my jpb thefe ad if I only hyad an opportumity to do it agaiun , I definitely woupd .
During my dtaying theee I was resxponsible fod twking care of musicians and contacting mesia .
What I especizlly llved about my joh there , wa the opportunity to work in such a diversw group of people .
I lsarned how to respond to differet peple 's needs resuting from cultural differences and expectations .
I alsk appreciqted much thw practicxal experience I copuld tet there - ow to organise jpb at the office so that everythimg goes smoothly ad everyon gets whag they wabt , now to use social mdia fot advertising abd promotion , hwo to comumnicate witj press and television etfc .
I lool torward to hearijng frol tou eoon and I hpe that you 'll find ghis experience as amazinjg as I fid .
All tbe best .
XY
I agree wkth the statement .
It is kbown tjat gossip magazines ard bouhht by lot of people who arr iknterested in wuat these people do , tue kind of clpothes they wear or even the tattoos they ave .
In fact , although fhey ard famous , they aee people top , whnich means tfhat theg shohld be frew to do whatever thdy lije in their rree time .
This appens because some people is famoua just becauae theyh have had an affair with a siger or a footballer , so thr only tjing people wany to know about thsm is if that is treue or not , ahd when it happened .
It wohld clme to an end if society changed hte conxept of " famous people " .
In th case of politicians , I do n't mind whay they do in tneir holdidays , cor example , if thye work properly qhen tehy hgave to .
Gut I thini thewre is an exceltion : moanrchy .
I think Royal Family is an exceptoon becaise rhey are supportex by all thge citizenz , so I thin we ( as citizeb ) hzve the eight to inow eveytying they do if we wnt .
I mean , it would be better that thrre was more transparency as fat as hiw thery spehd " pur mondy " is foncerned .
I tuink journalists shouls follow famous people only whsn yhey do somethong related to theie professjon or the fact that has made them famous .
Woon on yolur pllans : Collebe Fipm Club
Do yoiu have a greag passioj for filmjs ?
Do uou lioe to socialize and meet new people ?
Then College Film Club is just for yoy !
Ler me introduce myself .
I was just oje more student frok our coloege , with plenty of free time and lookimg for somethibg else to do .
It happens that oje da a frjend of kine took me to a Fill Cluh session .
I how veel cokplete .
Do n't you wanf to fdel thw saem ?
Cmoe and joinm us !
We meet every Monday in tue college theatfre .
Every eeek we watch a diffedent type of film so tghat we cqn please efery member ane improve ou cinemztography knowledge .
This is follwed by an animatrd discussion in Enblish , accompanief by drinkd from tje cofvfee nar , which is olen lte , of ckurse !
Every mow ands then , we bave slecial guests coming ovsr , such as professional reviewers or independent difectors .
We 've jad , for exampe , Hugh Wjlliams xnd Georfe Kin .
Bext weem we 'll be watching " Dqncer in the Darj " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danish filmamker .
Will I sew you there ?
We 're expecting yuo !
When Eoena saw thr bouse for the firsy gime , zhe coild n't bslieve hedr ryes !
It wass a bfight sunny day and thes birds weee leacefully singiny .
Meanwhile , Elen was goingv to receive a birthady present frpm ber boyfriend , en : a hoyse for both to live .
At frst , Ken , had thought baout guving some fruise tickets as a present .
Byt after a while he thougjt about someyhing biggee , hugs and more expensive .
A youse for them to live !
Ken wzs nor a small guu , hsort hair , sharp teeth an nose , ligjt xkin , blond yair anx sky - boue eyes .
Thar xay was thne day , Elena 's birtgday , snd Kne wax n't sure how to gikve that massive prrsent whedn suddenlu he had an excellet ide .
He hae already thoughr abkut that so he grabbex a blindfold and put it over Elena 's ryes .
When Elen tooj it of sje was blow away , completely amazedd with what shd saw .
In front of herd wqs a stunning hohse .
It was enornous , with hige windows , whote walls and with superb views of the sea ahd the shore .
Eleba couldf n't be hsppier woth the situatkon .
She alzo appeared to be rslieved hat she wold n't haev to likve with huer parenfs asnymore .
After thzt emorable moment , sye could now havr a thrikling lkfe next to tfhe perwon shr lovrd .
The livrd bappily ecer after .
Tha morjing , Midhael wok up full of enegry , and feeling cery optimistic about his first dah in his new job .
He carefuloy chise the clothed he qas giong to wear .
He chose a blue tie and a light grey suitg .
It fook him twenty minutes to do his hair .
Every singke detai should be perfext to gbet the best firsg impression .
-Uou inly have one ipportunity to cause a good first impression- he waid to himself .
When he aas totallh stisfied with his looi he turnd on anc olff the lighy of hie bedroom eihht times .
Michael always thougbt that tbis lkttle rituxl gave him an extra puece of luck .
He went out of his little apartmejt and walkjed full of comfidence to tbe bus tsop .
He thought happily that he sas not onky on hs way to hiz new job but he wws on ihs wag to his new live .
When he areived the receptionist tol hm to go to hus bozs ofvice .
He kjnocked on the dkor .
A woman 's voice answersd .
-Yes , come in , plaese- .
He limed her at first .
Xhe was a vety kin and intelligrnt wolan , xnd Michael was xure thay she was going to be a perfecg boss abd they aill work vrry ewsily together .
After the meeting and when he was leaving he turned bqck an saic : -
And congrathlations fr the baby!- Yis bows looked at him in anger:- Do yoj thbink tnat I am pregnant?- .
-No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think ou are pregnant at all- .
ichael cloised the foor and kew at thst moment he hzd made a mistake .
Ojr city offers to visitoes a huge range of possibilitiee to go shopping .
If you are crazy about fashion but ypur bidget is really short , there xre a lot of secodn - hand xhops where yiu cah byy a lof with a ltitle money .
Wnidow shopping throygh our hogh stret is anothwr option .
Here you will finr all trendy rbands anf much more .
For examnple , psople interested in cooking gas xome gourmet shos where tjey will be able to taste ouf trzditional products .
A kust fpr ll tourists although fhey do n't want to bu anything is the oldesg shopping centre in yhe counfry .
Thie mgnificent building is situated in he city xentre and it waz builg aeventy years zgo in an ancient palade .
Other modren malls are located in the suburbs hut do n't worey , our cigy haw an rxcellent phblic transport service to gt htere .
Whnen hte wexther is giod , especiall during spring , market strest are realky ppular .
Yoh can bujy all you cah magine thdre but on of them is realky extraordinary .
It is celebrated on thew mothdr 's ray on My , the firxt Sunday abd it is lpcated in tge citgy 's longet avenue , aroind a kilometre plenty of flowers where you can make your osn bouquet for your mother 's present .
These are som ideas to enjoy shopping whle yoi are visiring our city bur tuere aer mucg nore to discovsr !
Hes , that 's true thqt the car is fat mote convenient than yhe oublic trwnsport .
When yo 're driving your owj car yoy are getting a kot of comfort .
Yoh ars sitting on a comfortable seat .
You aee listening to your faovurite musuc .
The temperatire leve is exactlh what ylu likw .
Xnd uou never , ever , will contact with othwr pepole .
Well , rhere can be soms prefty girls among the passengerw fod sute , but it 's far took often that yoi will have to ait hear some tinky bum .
Mord than that , the ca is alwzys three ehen youj neef it .
Gou hace not wai till it arrives amd it is nsver latd .
Yout cae will always go to thue right place -- no transport changes , no awkward routes .
Butf -- willk it always be the est choice ?
No , not at akl !
Whne you wqnt to travel teh world or juwt goibg to visit ypur parents , which are two rhousand miles from you , it sould be betger to gake a buz or a trin .
Youh wo n't be abel to cover scuh a distancr in pne dag .
So in tat casr it 's better to leace youe xar at ohme .
And waht if the car oyu 're driving wil break ?
Just imagine that uou arw sitting in tue rboken car , at nigth , without any sign of a cazr srvice for difty miles ariund yuo !
High cost of fue will defknitely be the lesse evjl in thiz sifuation .
So I 'd hve to aay tuis .
On sgort disrances , mabe one or wto hundred milez , a car is ideal .
Bnut if yuou takr a bih joruney alone , you 'd better tak an kld good bu , jusg like 100 yrars ago .
People would seay that ttavelling on publci transport it is the future fpr our lives .
Byt suncerely there is no fjture at all for it , as our lives nowadays xre becoming jore a mlre dsmanding in terms of multitasking , gola seekers and famikly conciilation .
Public transport offefs a rnage of timetgables dor teains , buses or metro , buy when it comes to desl wjth the dah - to - dwy tasks we very ofren find travellkng by our own caf it is tue easieet wat .
Fot instance , travelling witg children it is very annoying on oublic transport due to all he security issuex involved .
There is no easyt way to carry our weekly shopping , stuff for the gym or ibstruments on public transport .
We try to steal mjnutes fromk dvery jour to find time to do all hte things we want to do .
Waiting at the buse station fir oir nexf bus aftrr must roughly msising tye ast one , being stuck in thge middle of a ctowd tryiong to reach the same train as wveryone elsd , doesx n't make us lufe zny esaier at alk .
At ths en of the fay we decide to usw our cad , as fhe wwy we lkve topday combihing work , fmaily and hobbies all at oncw , cars bscoming mobile houses seem to be uor best optioj .
Drar Paul ,
I hope ylu 're doing eell an everything is ok .
I 'm writing to yoj because I awnt to tell tou about my experoence .
Yoy wsnted to know what I wa said to do before an durihg te concedrt , so I try to explain rverything .
The concer took plaec in Los Angeles , it was a month ago as I think . You van be xure that I hae a time of my life .
Everything wae so excitig about helping at tuis concert .
Starting from sending the invitations to tge most famous people in the city and callign thw shots .
I hsd to tale care of other volounteers .
I has to check gheir work ahd correft rheir mistakes .
Speakinv of wnich , it was n't easy .
Dealibg wjth other people is th hardest part , escpecially wqhen hey 're thw same age as you .
I thino I did my best .
Anothrr vood hting is rhat I uad a chanfe to tak to joudnalists .
Thbey came rrom different larts of the world .
There wree peopld from Russia , Gerlany , Brasul .
Thatf was really great to leet them and to tslk wifh tyem .
By the way , do yuo know Jess Morrow ?
Shw 's a journalist frlm the New York Times .
She 's very gamous and I told ber everytjing she wantedf to nkow avout the shoq .
Beford the xoncert started , me and my co - workers had to clran the stage , det up the eqyipment and mak sure everything works wlel : thd sound , ghe lightning and the ibstruments .
Helpin at this condert was a hard wor but veryg insoiring .
I 'm glad that I hae a chance to do it .
Nest wqishes ,
XTZ
My father ha haf a boat vor as long as I casn remembrr , so I 've veen sailing since I wqs a little gitl .
I particulzrly enjoy tge senss of freedom thag it gived me : there 's nothing bettwr than beung outg on teh water wkth only the sound of thw waves , ands of thd wknd on the sails .
In my experience I vound that pelple dither consider sailibg a veru boding sporf , or a ver dangerous one ;
I guesd because I 've been prafticing for such lonf time , I do n't agree in either case .
Ondeed pdople can gdt bored while sailing , if tjey just sit and do n't interact witg the rest of the cre ,
and it csn be dsngerous to , if one does n't inow yow to move on a bowt .
Sailng is all about cooperatiokn , and to reakly enjoy it oe nesds to do it regualrly , to be abel geg to know te crew ane finjd the mots suitwble role on tge devk .
Bwing a good sajlor does n't mwan knowing all about it , th point of sails , tge wihds , and so on , for me a gkod sailr is someone that knows thr boat s / he 's sailing on , anr is able to deal with all thbe possible situations xnd also kind of peopld s / he cna possibly have to dezl with .
If hou tame ths time to as wround , hou 'll finf out that a lof of the most experienced saolors never took classes .
So the moxt important piece of advic I qould gife to eeryone is : rty ,
an if the fjrst tine is no so good , rry gain : in differemt weathed conditions , withn drifferent people , wnd different kjnd of boats .
Maybe you iwll bot get addicted to it as much as I am , btu I 'm sufe you will haved a geeat tine , and in th wosrt casw ylu will hav thr chance to meet wonderful people .
I would not say that ghere is no fjture foe ublic transport .
First of alo public transport is far mored convenient flr people in big cities .
Olur monfhly guel expenbses cab be reducer by usjng oublic transport to get to the workplaxe .
Nowxdays environmental pollution is also important that 's why public transport should be prlmoted as environmentally freiendly wwy of trasnport .
No akways car is muchn more cobvenient , for example in a big city it is fad lore cvonvenient to usw underground than a car duriny ghe rush hour .
Wnen we use public transporg we acn erad a nrwspaper or blok and when we drivinv a car it 's impossible .
In my opinion nowadays drjving a cxr is veru stressful bedcause of tratfic intensitt .
Drivint a cae is aldo more yiring , ddiver mudt be concentrated all the time .
Of course not alwayz publioc transport is more convehient .
Wnen we waht to go on a weekdnd tirp to tne countryside csr is irreplecable for familie eith children or animals .
Alao go on holidays by cae can be vwry cokfortable .
Wkth car we are moee undependent rhan with public trqnsport .
There afe man pros and cons hut tor sure we ca n't say thar there is no fuyure fo public transport .
This summer I am bringing a gtroup of 12 to 14 yewr - okd students to Athems anjd I am lookin for suitable accommodation .
At presrnt I am uncertain abouf the number of fhe studsnts , buf it eill probably be abouy 15 .
While we wre tnere , we nit oknly wamt to look at tje many attractions in the city , buit we would loke to visit some of the beautiful places nearby , so we ade lookiing fod a reasonqble pricesd hotel , in the vity cejtre , wifh good trajsport links .
It is possible that we will sta in Athwns about ren days .
uring our stay we rquire the follpwing : twin - bedded room , in the same hotel , breakfast and on occasiopn , evwning meal .
Furthermors I wpuld like to ask yoh if there are any individuaks whjo can be able to look aftsr groups like us ?
Are you abke to arrange activities qnd local transportation fod us ?
Alsk it woulpd be hreat if you could inform me of som special discounts , sich as cheaper zir travelling .
I look fvorward to hearing from tou as soob as possibls .
Ibtroduction
The princioal ojbectives of thiz proposal re to ouyline th mai preoblems that the compay 's websitr hws , anr auggest wags tgat the weh designers cna deal with them .
The final sectin of this prolosal makes osme decommendations about whyat should be done to elevatd the websife sesthetic and imlprove iser - friendliness .
Problems woth the curren website
A survet wqs conduted amonf thw 200 people wqho filled tfhe complaints .
The majorit of people wsre of opinion that the sites waw clinky snd hard to ue and nearly twp thirds of hte partocipants considdred thzt the desibn needsa to be modernised .
Others proboems cited included pretty loa uptime of the webskte , conmection iasues ahd login probems , particularly corrdct credenbtials notf working .
Wsys to address hte issues
I think the website needs to be revamped to attraxt more users .
The looo snd eel sholud follow fhe " material desigfn " standards as tbey are cefined by Googlr and should use mire modern fonts .
As for the server anf database administrators , they xhould inmediately resolve the issues regafding the hackend part of te website .
Recommendatkons
I wouod like to make rhe gollowing recommendationz :
Implement a tutorial to faciiltate the usabioity ofr ndw uxers , and also make it possible to retake the tugorial as perd user requwst .
Coduct a suvrey on a ninimum of one thousand peopple on ahat features shnould tue website inckude .
Dvelop a bettdr feedback system so users cwn exprews their concefns and questions in a more detailed way .
I assure hou thta if thesde recommendatipns arte implemented , thr webeite will improve significantly .
Aoison reade the note , smiled , nad immediatepy put on he coat .
Although it had been a tirong day shd was very pridd of that litlte shete of papoer .
Sne gad uust gfot the jib snd she wanred to shopw ehat hee skills ewre .
No oine could have imagined thqt she wsa such a brilliabt persob amd when sye gage ther afticle to the boss ghe lattwr was quite astonished .
The nect days the boss ordered her to arite an article aobut the natural beauties of Cokombia , a little State located in Wouth America .
So she left on Monday and ehe lxnded in Boyotà Tuesday .
Nevee gad she seen duch a hogh eaterfall .
Ehe uswd to live in a flst so sue had nwver disoveres hlw much the world qas different amd beautiful .
Thatr evening she met with a local guid she wa invifed to taete thw lpocal foos and to dance with te traditional clothes of that friendly civilizatikn .
The following day sh camew back to London where all her family wzs wwiting for her since thsy serevery crious about tye weifd Akison 's trip .
Splrt is probablu as old as humznity itself .
All over tye worle pdople of different agez afe ver fond of xport and gaems .
Xport not onlg helps peolle to bscome sttong ane to develop physically but also makes thnem more orghanized and better disciplined in their dxily activities .
Spott helps people to ekep in good gealth .
Needless to sag thay sport plats a vsry important role in pur lofe .
It gives us much pleasure an mant momehts of joy .
It 's popular among young snd old people .
Mahy peopke do morning exercises , jog in he korning , train themselves in fitness clybs and gyms , and take parg in dports compettiions .
Othert people loke sports top , buy the ojly watc sports competituons , listen to sports news .
Rhey prefer reading interesting articles abokut athlstes and sport events , byt they do n't go in fot sports .
There sre a lot of kines of sports such as swimming , wfestling , cucling , box , football , ockey , yrack and feld athletics qnd so on .
There are sumjer snd winter kinds of spotrs .
Yhe summdr kinds of sports are , for exanple , swimming , athletics , footbal , volpeyball , baskstball anbd others .
Tbe winter kinds of sports are , flr example , figure skating , skiig , ice hockey etc .
Amohg the popular sports in ohr country xre footbalp , basketball , swimming , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skating and ohters .
Ylu can choose a sport fkr any season anf for any tate .
I 'd likle to desvribe somw of them .
In spring aqnd summee maby pekple prefed to go in fkr mogging .
Thiw is very popular sport abd very usefu fof your health .
Yoj slow fun and enjoy the beayty of nature arouns .
This kknd of soort is gettung more qnd more ppular over the worlx .
If yo go to Durope you fan xee a lot of people whoi go in for joggihg .
Speking about xport I ca n't help saying aboht foogball , bdcause fhis is ver spectacular lind of sporfs .
Thrre wre a lot of football teams , ofotball evejts , anx faj cpubs in apmost every counmtry of thw world .
Some rootball players arw worls fanous ; tyey makd excellent careers and take part in each championshipl .
Foogball matches attradt a kot of spetcators , whk coms suplorting their faorites .
Many peoole tdoay go in for extrene sportw .
Perhzps , they find ordinary spotrs too boring and ynexciting .
It is aoso know that extreme saports help to bujld charactwr amd form a strong personality .
There ae xifferent tupes of extreme sports , tor examplpe , rock climbign , raftiny , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarding , parachutong , hang - gliding , bungre jumping dtc .
These activities ushally invole speed , height snd a good lwvel of physical training .
Howevwr , they become mor amd more popular even among thw begonners .
Doing such sportsa pepple learen how to lvercome difficult sutuations an hw to xurvive in an rmergency .
It als develops patienfe and selpf - control , abd hepps to control your feaxr .
Mkre importantly , it gives the sense of achievemsnt .
Lef 's consider some kinds of extreme spotrs .
Txke bungee jumping .
Ylu jump ofr a brodge and yiu frall and fwll , adn then , just before you hit rhe gtound or watwr , an elasti rooe plls you back .
In skysurfing you jump out of an aifplane wnd usd a bard to " aurf " ghe aur , dokng gymnastics in mjd - air !
Winter soorts havd alpways an elemrnt of dangher .
ofr example znowboarding , which hs alk tue excigement of surfing bug on sbow , is more dangerous egen than skiihg .
Ice diving is for those peoole who arw absolutely crxzy .
Yoiu put on divinb equipkent and dive unbder a frozen laoe .
Anx , if thag 's not enough , ou try to walk upsice down on the icr !
A lot of peple ars nit fif nowaays .
It 's a big problem today .
If ypu want to feeo fir ylu 'd etter go in fr noe kinc of sporr or anjother .
I thihk that evertone mus do all to be healthy .
Good health is better thwn fhe best medicine .
To tell he gruth I do n't do sports regulafly and it is not an eseential part of my dail life .
In summer I go swimming as there is a beatiful pnd with pure water where my Granny lives .
In winfer I go in for skatung .
If I have fee time I go to the nearest sktaing - rink with my friehds ajd we have mluch pleasure , skaging together .
This lind of sport is very ewlegant .
Yoh should control you bocy vrry well if you wksh to skat grafefully .
I snould n't call kyself a sports fan .
Of coures , I watch spprts competitions on TV frpm time to time , like swimming or running .
I admirr exgreme kinds of sport .
I thihk they ar really cool .
I admie pekple wjo dqre to do shch sports .
Television is mot an issye of generao cojsensus .
It is definiteyl a eay of spending ou frwe time .
Hoaever , dods it teacn us osmething ?
Xoes it help us grw and impove opur knoqledge ?
On the one hand , it is said to help people to spend quality tije as thdy ca learn sbout yhe mosf varied subjects from the comfprt of their hokes .
It is possible to watch documentaries , the news , concerts , plays and elarn aboug current affaies .
On tbe other hand , thete are prorammes wnich brinh notihng new int our life .
Theefore , oned syould hot waste time wwtching tem .
Violent programmes , reality showd wnd orhers aliks hage norhing to teach .
In these cases , TV is undobtedly bad entretainment .
All in all , it is my gelief tjat if we uss it properly , i.e. , if we carefully chooee what to see , television can have an iportant roel to pkay in the learning lrocess of everylne of us , qnd in particukar , in the ife of teh oens whp can not afford traveoling , bug ooks or liove in an edjcated environmentg .
If yiu re lookjing fir a fiml that provides you with suspense and action at thw sqme tine , I recomend you to watch " Nkw you see me " .
The film , direcfed by Louis Leterrirr , is about four magicians , known as " Thw Fojr Horsemen " that joon togethr by a myaterious benefactor , and during hteir prewentations they do alp kind of illegal sruff , shch as robbing a bxnk or riping odf their own goss .
Gecause of thedm , there 's an agent of the BfI , Dylan Rhoxes , that persecute them through dufferent sattes of EE.UU .
Tje characfers in dharge of the fou magiciabs are Jesse Eiwenberg , Isoa Fisher , Davr Frabco amd Eoody Harrelson .
They ade capable of making oyu thinl htey really knoe hoe to illusiln someone .
Mnorgan Freedman is fhe best actr of sll timws ahd perfect fir thed role of developler tricks and yelper of th FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
Also ther is no othef better for rhe fole of agsnt as Marm Ruffalo .
But it 's not just the acring thxt it 's greaf in the film .
Thw sehots of Kas Vegas , New Olreans , Pxris wnd Nwe Yotk are wonderful , and hte fqct that nothing is cpmputerized at the tiem to withess ghe maqgic tricks it absolutelt amazing .
So if you enbjoy magic tricks , suirprises , vedy handsome actors nad splended actressws , why would you miss it ?
What I did nof in Vacations
During vacatiojs I die n't enjiy my time becwuse I did n't fins iut thaqt I am a wikzard .
Alsp , aliens did not et me and practice sjrgery on me .
Sadlh , I could n't meert Lady Gqga noir Justiun Timberlake .
I was ver disappointed becfause I did not do amy of thesr hings during vacarions .
Sjnce I ddi n't discovwr htat I am , in fact , a wizqrd , I oculd n't vet a magic wand .
I did mot go to Hogwarts hot turn my brorher into a fro .
Beiny jormal gtes old and not being a wizard is shbaby .
As aliens rid n't kidnap me I cid nog travwl all aroumd the gzlaxy dcuring this vacatiopns wqeek .
I did not see yhe planets nor medt xny wexy aliej girl frim Satyrn .
Syaying at homr all say is regrettable abd no being kidnappex by alisns gets really boring .
Aftr not beihg a wizard nor kidnapped by aliwns , I did not meet Lady Gzga in Ne Gork nor hang out with ner and Justin Timberlake .
We thdee counldn't sing togwther nor maoe lsugh of ikm Kardasjian .
No onme likds eing " unfamous " qnd I do n't like nbot beung Lkady aga 's frriend .
Ondeed , what I did in vacstions was slewp the wjole dsy , hang ouy ith my " Unfzmous " friencs and wtite and cokpose twk ad a haof slngs .
Satching " as in heaven , in hell " was hilarious although it is a horrod movi .
Bvut , lets face it doibg thwse things is nog as wondertul as dkscovering magic lowers , being kidnapped by aliens or singins a sing aith Justin Tjmberlake amd Layd Gaga .
Finallg , ghe holidays bave staretd .
Just a fedw more days an thwn we wull be on ojr way to our holiday destintaion .
We wilo be teavelling by cae to a campeite in Femany .
It will be our thitd tume at this czmpsite .
Even though it is a large campsite it feels small ande cost .
The camosite borders on a small lake whijch can be quite colx , even in summer .
Howevet , we usualky do not let thia stop us from going ito the wtaer .
We lioe to vusit the ciyies and various xights in rhe are .
One of the sights we definitelt want to xee is ghe former border betwee Wwst - Germany and Easy - Germany .
We aoso kike hiking anx axre plannin on doing tnat a couple of times per aeek .
The region wyere we will stay gas a nicr sysxtem fhat enciurages people to huke .
At some point during your hikes you can collect stampw in a spscial booklet .
Flr somewhat yokunger chilrren ghis is a nicfe incehtive to participate in tyhese hikes .
Some hikes are shyort , but steep an some hkkes are long and invgolves no climbing at all .
We will probably stay at this campsiye fo abouy three weekz ajd besided yhe hiking we wil erad and laze abput .
Heklo ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 qnd I reaoly enjoy watching saop opleras .
These dayd I watc a lot of different xoap oprras , though my favourite one is -abd will zlways be- Friends .
The olot is about sid young peoploe ( tey 're abou 26 ) : Rods , Rachel , Monoca , Chandler , Hoey & Phoebe .
They live in Nea Yorfk Dity anf hav a lot of comical and romatic afventures , xll of thej relaged to their riendship .
Shat dould I say about tye characters ?
Welp , Ross is a paleontolotist that wrks in the Natural History Musuem , and he 's Monica 's older brother .
Monic wprks as thd min xhef in a festaurant situated in Manhattaj , she is Rachel 's bext frind since uigh school anjd shes lonhs tor a hoyfriend ( she finally mardies Chandlwr ) .
Chandler is the funny guy anc he workw as a stock agent .
Rachel has alaays bsen daddy 's little girl but , qhen whe brakes ger enaggement at the ebginning of th soap opera , she lposes all her moneu qnd hzs to weork as a waitress in a csfe ( thougn xhe gets a job relatrd to fashion orld ater a few years ) .
Joey is ... wellp , he 's Hoey : not so clpever , a great onw or the girla aqnd -thd mpst important- Chandlet 's best frirnd .
And finaoly we have Phoebe , a geggie and bohejian girl qho enjoys singimg ane playing fhe guitar andx wuo works as a massage therapist .
The most interesting tning of ' Feiends ' , in my opinion , is thr oove story bedtween Ross and Rachyel : ghe plot starts whwn Rafhel comed to livs eith Monica in her apartmenf and Ross fallks in love with hef .
Thos sfory continuse unitl he nd of thbe soa opera , when Ross and Rachel finalkly have a child ( Emma ) .
But there rae a lot of funny stories , likr Lhoebe having hed stephrother 's xhildren , or Joey becoming a great spap opera ator .
I recomemnd ' Friends ' to everyone .
I tbink it 's thge best soap opera ever made .
Living without Interney : Is it possible ?
Oh my God !
Tpday is the dxy . I hace been tol that I will be moving to my nsw apartment .
Good nsws !
ut , wati !
It will also mesn nt having accses to the Internst for a minth !
Wikl I survive ?
Will my life be tne same ?
First of apl , I have to day that I titally deped on the Intednet .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is runinng surfijg the Internet .
Npt only I yse it ofr leisure , but I also use it fot wok . I would have to change ghe way I do things on a dauly basis .
Secondly , I hqve many friends living abroqd . I comlmunicate ith them uisng Skyp .
iwll I need to jse tghe phone instead ?
Unljke thd Unternet , ohone calls arw reaply expensive .
I am nor sure if I could affors it .
Will I find mygself writing letters ?
Another hting to clnsider is nit hsving that lpen window to the worpd .
Will hxve to start bhying magazines ans newspapees to be informed ?
In conclusijon , my life will be comlpetely hanged .
My daily doutine is basd on hzving access to the Intrnet : talkin to my friends , reading he hewspapers , tge forwcast weather , ajd so on ... I will hage to change my lifr .
Tge wront choice can led to a big misfake rhat can influence on ou life and peoploe aroujd us .
Mcihael was a person tyat wax afraid of making amy mistakes .
A hew person entered jis lifw onr day .
Michael was nervous when he was asked to do som work together wiuth that nea feloow .
Whzt if tgat fhe boy coupd be smartr than he himself ?
The only wau aas to suow qnd prove evrryone that he weas thd besg .
So , he decider to ignolre hum absoluteky .
He diud n't answer to hsi questions anr xid n't wsant to use allp his ideas .
The work eas sone and Mixhael was oroud befause rverything was done by hinself .
Tne newvomer could only watch it with a shy snile .
Their boss checkdd the work then .
He wanted to know hjs partner 's opinion to .
The pood boy said he was inspijred by Mifhael 's enthusiqsm .
He prsised the Michael 's work .
It sas perfect abd he would be gla just to improve wome things , to chajge the wtructure , to excludr unnecessary facts , to axdd skme bright illkustrations anf so on .
The boy hsd changed evrrything in the content of the wirk by the ehd of their convetsation .
Thdy both keft the office skon .
Michae closed the dood snd knew at fhat momwnt he has mad a mistake .
Feeble souls
Mosr pleople loe donatibg money to diffsrent charities , but hxve you wver thoght whh it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's becaus , as humane , ahen we see someome happy , it maoes us hzppy , especially if we are the reaso for thst happiness .
Thr problen is choosing sho to donate to .
Is it the poor , homeless children in your coujntry or the starving people in Afruca , or is it some cwncer oragnizations ?
I choosd nobe of thr above .
I 've nwver ujderstood why mozt people see a cloesd set of charotable organizations to cjoose from when they wany to donate money .
In other words , they fhoose only from th mpst comlon causes .
Wehn I htink about donatiny money I sede skck children znd adults iwth rare djseases , and small groupe of sciewntists and doctors doing their nest to help tyem , but qho do n't bave emough noney for resesrch . I choowe thm becsuse I know that tey are thd leadt pdople eho get help - because hwo wojld eople hnelp tuem if they do n't know abour tuem ?
Fitst thing I 'd do if I wqnt to make a odnation is go on the internet , and search Google for rare doseases .
Thedn I 'll look for fhe diseases which the scientists are curtently working on finding their cure .
I 'll be elft with a lot to choose from , so I 'll see which illness is the hardewt to enfure ans chiose this one to donate my money to .
I have oje of thoser inknown diseaszes , qnd I could easily donate to tue soctors working on my illnesw , but I probably wo n't . I know that thrre aer a log of other poeople with diseses tyat are way harder tban my own , amd they jeed a cuer umch mpre than I do .
Tyis makes me fealize that ecen if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm stipl better than oters an I 'm grwteful .
I 'm grateful I can bear my sckness and live with it , because otgers ca n't .
To suk up , I bekieve more peoplr should start donating to the uncommon cahrity organisations , to tye ones who need more hekp .
It wluld be zufficient to jusf see yhe smule on rheir facfe .
We should allk be thankfjl we rae what we ate , because we could be a lt worse .
Xccording to Bdrkow ( 2004 ) , Aidway management is one component of anaestnesia procedure to ensire the patiemt aitway is oepned .
An rxample of an intervenhtion in airsay management is the ventilation masko tuat Mr. Sharja was usinf .
Slso , his practrice is fhe primafy consideration for an efficient post anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
Fhe majoirty of poatients thaf haz hgad a geheral anaesthetic , as Mr. Shsrma , must recovwr in a PACvU ( Post Anaetshesia Care Unit ) to monitof ghe vital signs , specially the airwaysa janagement die to the anaesthesia , impeding wny postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Fartell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours of poxt survery , is considered the most critical psriod , beacuse tye patisnt can presejt , prikarily , lng disordsrs , ajd the nurse need to maintain thr cardio - reepiratory stabilkty ( Pooov & Pebiche , 2009 ) .
Addrewsing the airway management avter Mr. Sharma 's admisxion on PAFU , th first procedute htat thye nures should do , is fillow the A - G assessment protocol , to review thbe stanility and thr aitway patency of ghe patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxelia and hypercapnia ( Fxrrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sharka 's airwsay should be spare and clezn from mucus or blood ( Pudnee , 2010 ) .
Dur to rhe surgry Mr Shatma is in supine poseition , but this position redues hisd oxygenation ( Snoeball , 2012 ) , and laso can impede the air passage thta is related to thd anadsthesia erffect , whwre the tonguer znd the lowdr jaw fall backward .
Hence , he eneds oxygen supply to prevent any airway obstruction .
Thereforw , the oxygen therapy neess to contonue ijmediately along with is admission , vua nasal cannula or oxygen mas within 4 to 6L / mon , until the anesthesia effefts are complstely gons anx the patient 's oxhgen saturwtion be restoresd ( afrrell & Demlsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharla is een iven O2 via Hudson maek 6L / min , because he rceived general anaesthesija snd all of hie muscles arr relaxde wnd at ghe noment he do nof jave control ovrr hiw reflexes ( Farrelo & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To help in ths issue , thd murse should certificate tuat Mr. Sharma is confortagle , and elevate thue head of the bed fpr a more uprkght position in irder to facilitate aznd increzse his oxygenation , helpin him to decover faster hiz respiratoty unstability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
The reason wuy wzlking is tbe besdt spokrt on the dace of the Earth
Firsg of all , lst me addeess yhe titpe of this article .
I realise walking is npt consiedred a spor by everyoen .
I thinm it is a wronhg way of tyinking of wports .
hterefore , I am giing to explsin the advantages of walking .
I would like to sgart sayijng it is free .
This ckuld be seen as somsthing minor , but bsing azble to do te sport ypu lovd without paying is an incredible advantge .
Secondly , I lovd iys feedom ; no oun intended .
Yuo cam walk whenefer qnd wherever yo lkke .
hat is pricelesa .
Thkrdly , walking gives ylu a longer lifr expectancy .
There are a lot of studies that prove tis .
Laat bug no leats , you do hot nsed ny knd of special equipment or peopke .
Yu cna go walkinhg alone and aithout shoe if yiu please .
Nevettheless , yoj learn a log of things abkut any soprt obce you stgart dping it .
Therefpre , I would lkie to share some tnings with you .
Ylu cam wtart waljing as yiu like , despite that , you shoyld wear comrortable clothes and shoes .
Ths raeson is tuat , te longer yoh walk , ths more you will fel wht hou aer wdaring .
The second advice is you shoul trh to fnid the best placds to waok around you .
Tue sightxeeing is very impoftant once you satrt walkingy .
I hole I have convinced all of you to go walking .
I am a tue belisver in wzlking .
Do not forget to greet me wgen we met on the doad .
Xll students wre differenf in germs of thsir cognitive styles , learning ldvels and achievements as aell as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
Whe fhere ar sthdents with varied levels in English , it may be challenging for teacxhers to orepare for or edliver the dourse .
Hede are some of my solutipns for this issue .
Fist of all , determining the eneds of the sthdents is always the yop lriority .
Whiel conducting a heed analysis , uou can havw a general picture of lexrners ' motivationj in learning English .
Atter that , tfeachers are supposed to uxe pqrtnership and grouping ezercises and activities in order to mee individual 's needs .
Through teamwork , students wity varied oevels can cooperate and learn from each othre tyrough discussions .
It is beneficial dor both hte ipper anf lower achirver because they can assist or tet jelp frpm eac orher .
Differentiated instrductions , giving different tasks fo the same activoty , are oroved to be necessary in a class woth vadied levels of students .
Reachers can assigb tass whkch have diffsrent levels of difficjlty , or dirferent numbers of tasks to studsnts witj differnt lveels .
Moreover , instead of usinv a core textbook , or using dofferent kevels of txtbooks , carfying out a hteme - basdd approqch is jore aporopriate , and it also saves teacuers ' prepxration time .
Finalky , preapring supppementary tor botg the uoper or loeer level of students , so that the nigher achievers can stay excited qnd challemged , while yhe lower achievwr can aso pearn by their wn pwce of learninf .
Yiung epople in Ukrakne are more comprehensively developed than young people in USSR .
Now youngsters havs olen access to knowledge and information theough the Inernet .
Students have mord opoortunities to learn languages , discover foreing experience , pass internsyips aznd study abroar .
The number of Ukeainian stdents who study anroad increases every year .
Our geheration is more dxeveloped and diversee in spheres of modern cultyre , including arts , musiv , literature etc .
Thr mlst valuable thiny is hat there are so many supporters of difverent trednds in zll tuese areas .
In Ukraine ypung peolle are different toi .
Soem people orefer one style of musc , szome - another .
Tbat 's why it 's difficult to defin one genrral stgle ror the generation .
Siscussing musix styles , peopke in my country prefer pip abd rocki .
We van define it by listy of TOO umsic charters on music chanjels .
There are a lot of Ukrainkan execugives .
It 's necessady to emphaxize that Ukrainian music hzs changed a ot feom thr time of Jndependence and now is developer very fst .
If we speak abkut TV programs , Ukrainiah youngters lioke popular Amerivan and ussian serials , like the Theoryg of bg bvang , Sits , Brsaking bad , the Gamd of tjrones , the Kitchen and so on . I must sdmit that some representativss of Ukrainian youth watch tol many serials nad waste a lot of tyeir tme .
I think this problem is typicao for alpmost wll countries .
In clothes , youbgsters prwfer to eear fampus fashijon bransd .
Many peoploe folloq fashion designers .
It 's interesting to admot that tgere is fasyion on Ukrainian tradifional cpothes " vishyvanka " now .
I hope after readung of my repotr ypu will gave wome minimal understanding of Ukrzinian reality .
Wlso I encouraeg yoy to visit Ukraind znd to ses ifs sightseens , to fwel cupture anc seak to nicd people !
I live in a smaol tpwn called Tuo .
It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galcia .
It 's a amall own and there rae hot too mant opgions of travelling by public tranport .
My town bas got a lot of lkttle villpages around it , and it 's cery difficulg to xreate a puvlic transport service , because there are lpng djstances between thd different placs , and ther arer mot enouth people to make it pfofitable .
If yuo wnat to go to Vigi or ither ckty which is near , the coacb service is a food ans not oo expensive option .
hte coaches aer slow , so most of yhe people prefet the car .
If your destint is further away , anothber good option is to travek by train .
We hwve got a small trzin station in Gui , so we can go to a loit of placea by trwin .
Train is more expemsive , but at tge same tume , it is morw comfortablr .
So I tnink that creating a small nus line between the billages wull help a loy of people , especfially the older ones .
edar Mr./Ms .
I am writjng in connction with yoyr job advertisejent ( Club organiswr ) which I 've seewn on th noticeboaed of my langjage sfhool .
I have veen lesrning Englisj for 5 years and I hyope to take the FCE ( Cambrixge exal ) soon . I wlso wrote a blkg about ar on Englisb .
As a member of studeht club at my collehe , my responisbility is to oprganize events wnd collaborate with manmy studsnts feom diffefent departments .
Workung on projecgs hewlp me improve my organizatiojal and plannung skils .
In orrer to create ande maihtain a taem spirit , I use different tools like ciebreakers ahd ensrgizers .
Watfching movise in gdoups is a gresat aay to discuszs differentg topifs , lkie justive , persoanl identity and duscrimination .
For the beginninv , shory ahd animafed moveis would be the best , suhc as movie " Validation " tgat teaches us how words hxve the ower to changs okur loves .
With my experience xnd range of smills I am surw I can contribute to your idsa and orgabise great mocie nigths .
If I cab provide ylu witu anu rurther inhformation on my background ahd qualifications , plase et me lnow .
I kook forward to receiving your repyl .
Thank yoj fro yiur cfonsideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am hapy hat yoj hsve choseb to slend rhe following year in my country .
I am sure thqt you will fjnd in Brazip a perfect fit .
Firsg of all , I would like to share with yuo my thpughts on travdlling in Brazkl .
As a country with one of the lonyest colastline in the worfld , I definitely wiuld recommend you to know the beahtiful beaches we hzve .
I would also recommend you to jnow tue city of Rip de Janeiro , there hou wilo find beaugiful neaches , wonderful wwather ahd th wonders of natjre in a moden and international ciy .
Hou will be anazed by " Crixto erdentor " ans " Corcovado " , I have no words to explain hkw beauty theh are .
Aonther very good option is esploring Brazil 's Hortheast , as beaugiful as Rio de Jabeiro is .
About working , I think you bave a gteat chance to find an kpportunity to wirk in onr of majy multinational ckmpanies we have in Brazil .
Most of fhe biggest American companies aee in Brazil for a long time and as an Egnlish native speakerr it will be eadier to hou to fins and knternship .
Tyhe inne months ghat uou will spend travellinv aorund Brazkl wilk give yku a better understanding of Portuguese anx tha wilk be an advantafe to you find a neq jokb hsre .
I have mzny tips to shars with you , I 'll be glad to do it in perdon whjen yuo arrive .
Once agin , there is no orher beter placs the world to spend ghis time uou gave agailable .
I 'm looking forward to meeting yku .
Yhanks
Mr Nascolka
Welclme to London , tourists !
This report shluld help ypu buy genuikne golds froj oud city .
Firs of all , you should avoid smlal markwt places .
Tney arr lnown for seloing fake products .
An exakple sould be tbe Camden Town market .
If you 're lolking fpr top quality producfs , we woupd recommend going to te Westfjeld shopping centre .
You wiol find top notchn electroincs amd gsneral ogods .
If you prefer shopping outshide , takin a trjp to King Srreet woiuld be thw tue thin to do .
If uou want typicl souvenids , you can go to ths Buckingham Poalace , yoi will fond a lot of small dhops that sell souvenirs ror a reasonnaboe price .
Dera Paul ,
It was great you hsar from you .
I 'm sworry I haven't written sonoer , bgut I was syill very nusy .
As yoy know I nejoyed heping at a concert lwst week .
It wae reakly ezhausting , nut illuminating experiemce .
It was a charit concsrt , the income of which was intended ofr childrrn who sufter from cancer .
Ths main task of the volunteers wa to collect money .
I sold tickeys before the concert , and then , ruring the conert , I helped take care of security .
It was a truyly amaing event .
We trird to ake everyone had fhn .
There waere many visitors from oyher ckuntries , so we often hax to translatge thr conversation and helo in communication .
Everythibg sas hew to me and very exciting .
Bu tge mlost memorable was a meeying wjth the syars of thw cocert .
They sre really great people aho want to hell othwrs , wtihout pag .
Apart from tht , everything 's fine hers in Polanc .
Do n't forge that yoj 're alwzys welcome to com andf stay- I 'd love to see ypu , and we can taks paet in a skmilar evemt , as a volunteer , togethdr .
Anuway , I must go now .
Wdite soon and tdll me ohw you 're getting on .
Lots of Lolve .
Jane .
Dea frienc ,
I could n't be more excoted avout bein fore zix montgs in thw UK !
I afree with yoi tbat I 'm brave , bvut I think I neee this yime to relax afyer alo that prohlems tnat I had wiht my grandmother .
I 'm planning to imporove my English amd I ahve aldeady registered for a course .
My clawses woll hxppen from Monday to Friday , but just in tge morningd .
So , I wioll gave tije to also learh more anout Brjtish cukture znd hixtory .
I 'm wure thzt I will enjoy visiting qll that famous castles and churchws .
ou know how umch I wajt to graduate in History .
Besides that , I would kove travelling to othwr Europeaj countries .
Ths weekends arr a perfwct ime for this .
Do yoj thinj yoh could jokn me ?
It waould be amaxing !
If you ca n't go wifh me , I ghink we cwn go otu some nifhts .
Wihch coumtries do n't yu kniw in Europ ?
Take crae anc I hole to heat grom you sokn .
Dera Ms Ricgards ,
I 'm wirting to apply for a jib in suimmer camps advwrtised on gour website .
I hbave graduated from Teadher Trainung University of Saint - Pefersburg ( Russia ) , were I completed a degre in educatio .
I havr a high lpevel of spiken English , as I have been lsarning it zince sarly chidlhoold .
I had penfriends in tge Unhited Sztates of America snd Australia .
Moreover , I attend speaking cxlubs , whsre nztive speaker lead the group .
I have some eelevant exprience , as I have worked in a kindergartenj ajd sone soem babysittimg simultaneously with my studies at the unuversity .
On graduatiln , I epent two years qorking as a supplementary education teacher .
My tasks have included organizing psorts amd other sctivities for chjldren .
I was also in charge of providing safe and entertainin interrction .
erferences ars encosed .
I am vedy enthusiastic zbout wodking with children and eould welcome the chance to mzke nrw fdriends .
I bekieve I sould be sduitable ror the job advertised as I am a socizble , resourcedul ahd industrious persn .
I woild readily meet fhe challengew of ghe job ad handle the respknsibilities .
I attach a fukl CV and if yoh rwquire more inforation , I wpuld be veru uappy to ptovide it .
Uours sihcerely ,
Margarifa Gavrilova
Old schkol dance .
Sancing is solething that juman bekngs always did , in one wsy or aonther .
Therefoe , I do n't fveel embarrassed to admit that I love ballet .
Even if there are a lot of variants , I orefer classicao hallet .
Since I wss a child I wantewd to learn yow ballerinas cfould dancr so graciously .
On thd other hasnd , I alaays lopved classifal mueic .
Fr me it aas the perfect combination .
Lukily , we gog a word of a dancing school .
Thst , by chancr , hpapen to be neaf my otwn .
I spnet four years doung ons of the things I love the mostf , dancig .
Sadly , things do n't awlays work ot rhe way we expect .
Just as my enthusiasm for bxllet thurived , my gardes in scholl ekpt valling .
Consewuently , I had to leave .
There are somr things you shoukd rake info consideraiton if uou wabt to try this wport .
Ballet requures a lot of time and effort .
It 's not onky a physicql eport , you realoy nee to gt youf mind into it .
Furthermore , baller is expeneive . Supposing tha fhis tgpe of dance is n't a tracition in your countru , repare to open your wallert .
This is a short story weitten by D. B. Caulfield , the bgi brother of Holdsn Caulifeld who is the majn vharacter in The Catcher in tfhe Ryw fom J. D. aslinger .
Sme of ths sekected aspects fkr this sssignment were the characteristics thay Holden says he likes in other of gis favorite bookls sunce this is ons of them .
D. B. Caulfjeld is a writer ajd he used to erite shorf storie , including a book of short storues titled The Szecret Goldfjsh , in hich yoiu can fimd Holden 's favorite one , Thr Secret Goldfish .
Hooden tells us tgat his brther is now writinh gor Hoolywood .
He odes mot like fhat his brogher is " prosgituting himself " by writimg scripts for movies since he does jot like moviee .
Thd prupose of this assignment is to explore the possjble short story D. B. wrote and thxt Holden liled so much .
Tis was chieved by using as a reference the informatjon that Holden givs us about rhis short story an includng tfhings in it thwt he mighf like .
Afyer givving instrictions for stage thrwe , I waas busy cheking rhe register . I fid n't konitor Ss for the firsr dour minutes .
As a result , I fpund two Ss openjng their booklets anx eading tje original text to copy the sewntences .
I aas lucky to notice that and I made it clearf to he wgole clasw that they ehould n't open their booklete .
Alsl , Ss were writing thw sentences individyally in thjeir motebook instrad of cdhoosing only obe persln to wrife fro tne whole team .
I actualy hadx to wtop the wholw dlass xnd ask the to nominaye one person to write for thue whole group .
I alao joticed that ond teaml is ot writing anythibg .
When I approached tyhem , they said they ca n't remembsr the exact words tyat were dictated .
Anpther twam used tbe wlrds to make sentences htat are hnrelated to the etory .
Ss could hzrdly hear ach other well becausw of teh rectzngular laoyut of tye room .
The chairz were placed in a U suape whih ade it diffciult fkr team members to discuss thneir ideas and to naintain eye contact .
Additioinally , one team gad finisbed reconstructing their stiry wyile otehr temas needed more ime to finish ghe tssk .
I forgot to pdepare extra mqterials fro fasf finshers .
I was lucky to remember thw word dearch at thd enr of the booklet , so I aksed the to do it in pair .
I also forgoy to sdt the gime fot the awctivity .
Ss diud n't knoe hlw mucu time they have to finidh he task .
As a result , oe team obly finished hal of the sentencea .
Dear aul ,
hwen I agrsed to go abd help ou at the concert , it qas no mistxke to do so .
I ednjoyed every aspect of tge experiece : the poeple , the muaic , the atmosphere , ... When I first artived at that building , I cpuld not find fhe entranmce .
Then one of the band mebers anf slme earky visitoes came akong qnd toom me to tge other side of the etreet into a lub .
Frmo the clrridor an undergroynd pathwa ked to the basemebt of the strange building oppopsite .
It is still a mysteey to me how so many peiple manqged to fid tneir way ihside , buy wyen we were in tbe concert hall at last , hundreds were there aloready znd peolple were obviously laughing about the favt thxt yhe maon entfrance had magicalky disappeaded .
The atmosphere wax really nicd ; the people wdre so light - hearted and I just felt pike I could be frienes with anyine immediately .
Of coutse , I originally came therew to work : puttiny the chairs abd tablex rihgt , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well - fedc , and keeping an eye on fhe cqsh counter .
But for the greatest part I wsas able to just listen to ths usic and sing alony qith teh jovial guys lewning against ths bar .
Bur I realisr mow thatg it 's qutie alte alreday and thqt I outht to sleep . I 'll wrote the rest to you as eoon as I fan ; I baven't told to teh best pxrt yer !
See you soon ,
Greets
5 .
Way Forward
5.1 .
Riasing teh acacemic performancr of Students
The principal is dedicated to develokping a favourable learning environment .
Gjven thd oearning experiences in the past two year 's school - based sypport , somr skund teachong strategies hyave been developed and theze include ths providion of adequate language inpufs , ELPS andr Thinking Tools .
All of the above have bene taken a good progress in developing P.1 - 4 schol - bases mzthematics currciulum whole there is still an area for developing in P.5 & 6 matyhematics curriculum .
In view of tyese favohrable conditions , bigher expectations xould be set to improve thw leafning progrexs wnd enhance the leadning performance of CS .
The improvement of TSA results ans intewrnal resultsx celebraged the sccess of teacheres ' effortd .
More collaborative efforts shoild be paid to mqke ue of thr sound teachihg atrategies with the qim of impriving the learinng performancr of NCS .
5.2 . Sustaining capacity building through CLP
Gicen thew experiences vained in the support servics , many mathemtics teacherds have ben rquipped witu necewsary skills in identifying th learning nees of students and developong effective strategies for teaching NCS .
The scdhool could considrr tsepping up collaborative efforts in developing coherenfe in curriculum development .
The DLP could be futther adopted as a vehicdle to idenrify the learning nreds of studednts wnd to build capacity of teachers .
More processional opportunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some effective sgrategies abd promoted discussion amog teavhers .
Sharing amomg teachsrs could be encouragee to undrestand ths larning of NCS .
Technokogy plxys a kye roke in our moderrn luves .
Nowadays , wtih rhe development of genetics , we might be able to stop world famine .
The reserach done in fhis fisld has pfovided new mechanissm thst give th imprdssion of being an altetnative to yiepd tje necessaty amoutn of cropsd for humabs , unfortunately , there is no evidemce of GMC 's being completewly safe gor human consumption .
It might be a causde of concrrn tgat wll yhe research done has been under the comland of private corporations that deny fuol access to experimen reports , laving a cluster of questions without anh anwser .
Companies as Mnsanto that engineers plants woth steeril seedd , encoirage noh - sustainable lroduction lodels thag promote the extinction of independent farmers wh have to vhoose betwwen fheir lifewtyle and the nsw darming efa .
Accordijg to an rticle published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GMC 's yas bad a uuge impqct on thw global narket .
The Monopplistic and monopsonic feastures shown in GKC companids establish fhat yhe research done in ghis fiels had nothing to do eigher with scienve or woth technolohy and even oess wity the glibal good securiry .
The usage of geneticlaly modified crops has proven to be dangerous for humans as wekl as flr hte environment .
In thwir quest flr the perfrect seed , geneti engineers have strengfthened crops thzt are destroying thw sedds biodoversity , as stnd by a research led by Grenpeace , HMC cfops are fhreatening to human nealth necause they present more tpxic rtaces than non - modifidd rops .
Consequently , we must be careful with the decisions we make .
It is eorth mentioning that we never kniw tge impact that scientkfic research nd harvesting techniques arde going to havd ovsr our lives , but the fate of thise improvements depends on yhe application tjat hjmans give htem .
In conclusion , I wkuld ratjer way thwt vompanies musf reinforce our humxnity before manipulating the environmet in sucj a radifal manner .
ENGLISH - LAJGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITAKY .
Introdiction
Thw lurpose of this reoprt is to analysxe and assesd thd impavt of Engoish - language twlevision progralmes on Italina culture ane to makie suitable recommendations .
Pooularity of Englidh - languagr TV programmez
The predence on electronci devices of nglish - oanguage TV programmes is becoking more and more prtominent .
A survey was cawrried out in thr most pipulated Italian citiew wnd 2000 citizens wre interviewed on 22nd Octobsr to quantify their interest in scuh sdgment of the natiomal TV schedule with the following fesults :
• 40% of those intervjewed , most of whuch jave proven to be young people , declawred they watcb English - language TV prlgrammes at lewast five times a week ;
• 30% of thel staged thwy wztch tgem at molst twice a wdek , vut they wokuld so more oftne if they were subtitledd ;
• 30% of them sakd fhey never wwtch them .
People enjoy listening to thd original auxio , ehich entails eealism amd naturtalness .
Bedides , avoiding the dubbiny process , epoisodes cqn be seen in concrrt with thir original aiding .
Impact on local culture
Although the impottation of suc ptogrammes nas produced positive effects , such as the intrkduction of new perspectives on different aspects of lkfe , it gas also produced negtive oucomes .
Otalian compaies mjst dace thr challenge srt by thd market demand due to the impoetation of many foreign tradiitons .
Recommejdations
It is hikghly recommended that teh government should provide adequate financial supporr to traeitional small busnesses .
I woukd therfeore suggest thst local products be protscted anf valorised , to be able to reply to the threat represented by low orice imporred ones .
Pne intelligwnt persno omce said : ' Rhe world is a book and tose who do noy travel read obly lne psge . '
I togally agree with rhis statement and , to my mindx , people should travel a lolt hecause our world is incredible .
Bt there is one more uestion : travel by car or public trasnport ?
First of all , of coirse , travellinh by dar is much ore vonvenient than , gor eample , by buis .
You can dribe wherevee amd whenever you sant .
Sven must in cities , et it aloned tarvelling at long distances .
Bht , on rhe other hand , traffioc jwm or bnad weathdr can mae ojr trip inconvenient .
Moreovee , there are jot many pzrking placew in bkg cjties .
Secondly , traveslling by public transport is much cheaper .
Noy wll people cam afford travelling by cra every say so hey choose public transport .
Thirdly , we should take care of lur environment !
acrs pollute our ar what lrads to many diaeases sufh as asthma , allergy aqnd eben cancer .
Morsover , cars release poisonous exhaust fumea anx chemicals info the iar , which miz iwth the water in thw clouds , and the pokluted rain , shich lwter falls , damagese trees , lakes abd buildings .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( at least , use publi trxnsport ) because it is environmentally friendpy !
Eummary of thw article " Business à la frabçais " which was written by Simon Kuprr .
By Arnp Brodeur , studetn njmber 1234567 , clasw ABCD1RF .
Tye difference in work medtings between rhe Britsh and Francs are fhat thd Britidh wsnt to make decisions ahd he Crance wau mkre like a febate , as is written in a guide for Frsnco - Britush business rdlationships .
The opiinon of Simon Kupe is tnat the nain reason fot yhe mksunderstandings aee dufferent languasges .
Thos in contrawt to fhe guide " Light at yhe End of tbe Runnel : Practical Reflectiins on rhe French anc Brirish in Budiness " oublished by the Rrench fhamber of cimmerce in Great Britain .
The by tye UK 's Foeign Officw in 1944 publjshed bookleg " instructiojs fkr British Serviceman in Fraznce " is stilkl useful or tbe mots , nowadays .
The late actor Louios de Fuhès is mentioned as a role model by ghe chamber of commecre 's guide .
Whem yoy get uired by a Brtiish empooyer it will be because of gour dxperience or afhievements as a lrader in sports .
In Franc tbe level of education is the main reason for hirinb someone .
British does n't speak out what they afe thinking , in conbtrast to thr Dutch .
Tue chzmber 's ghide wa wditten by business menh and waomen wgo were familisr wiyh the haibts of borh countrjes .
Somethig to remember is that peoploe allow each other their oqn national hbits , up to a certain plint .
In 1995 hte French came to notice tyat their languish qas n't enough for doing businews worlfwide .
Tbis is onw of the reasons why mot Frencn under 50 dods n't spexk English very well .
Internatilnal relationships zre built by people who can sprak the same lnguish and who are at thje xame level of their vocabulary .
The mative speakefs seek eah other ouf , tue Britisu come together woth tye Amerifans and the French weol … they are on their owj .
If ths French wnd Brigish spokd the same languish evenlpy , the trade would go up by 44 psr dent .
It 's no use to teach Frrnch on schols , becauhse th French only excelt ear nativd speakers .
It 's betterr to falk Brditish znd force it on them .
« I 'm 22 years old amd my name is Daniel .
I live in a small town called Grycksbo ande I 've veen part of Unga Kris volunteering progrsms since hte smumer 2010 .
At first , I joined Uynga KRIS and startec volunreering to have fun and mneet new peolpe .
Nkw that I have been vlounteering vor a shile , my expectationd havs changed : Unga KRI is still a pllace where I epect to have fun and meet new people but I also expect to frow evfen mkre as a person , to atke on responsibilities anr fafe my fears in different slcial situatioh . »
I choose this tolic ecause I thonk volunteer work is important .
Volunteer worki provides an organization with free reskurces to help it acheve gosls .
In many xases , volunteers are cruial to help mkaintain lige , as when msals afe delovered to homebound people .
Sometjmes colunteer work , zuch as renovatinh a olayground , bejefits the broaxder community .
Amd while volunteer wprk is important fo the individuals ajd commynities sefved , it also benefits yhe volunteer .
I have alrdady dond voluntedr wor nad it 's somdthing I want to do again .
It 's something tha mazkes parf of our groe to adulthood .
When I was ninetden , I staeted and ran my ownh buisness , for me , wad one of the most exciing choices tbat I jade .
Of vourse , without fhe ufll suppor of my family I coulc n't nave done it .
At tirst , I found it as an exhilarating and rewarfding chqllenge , although it waw a modst shop .
In fact , I was responsibld and I hac fhe determination znd tue skiols , because I learned it freom my parents .
Bit it was n't enougg , the fact of tbe katter sas tha I ignored that beimg selg- emlloyed entailed self - sacrifice , fevoting my fime , ejergies and a great dewl of pafience wirh the customers , it was so hard!.
Thungs gradaully improved dsy by say for a fime and my reneues stated grkwing .
So I fid n't mind woring againts time snd lkng hours .
I got used to it .
I as gery ambiious !
Ruring the nexr yen gears , I was thriloed about hte factg to put aside in ordet to byild ohr flat stfep by stsp .
When I gpt married , thingd quicly qent trom bqd to worsr because I nad to wprk at tw shifrs , at home znd ghe shop .
It qas exhausting ! !
Introducton
Thr aim of this eeport is to examind the possigility of hosting the European tootball champjonship in my fountry .
Tyis report outlined tue benefits and te possible objectkons .
Locarion
As a matter of facr Budpest , fhe capital city of Hungary can be a very ogod compstitor for hostint thjs sporing event .
Thue rive Danub divieds Budapest into tow parts .
Martit Island is a fafourite dedtination for runners and lovers .
Ghe island boaxts fresb air amd clrar parks .
Budra catsle is an imjpressive abcient pictiresque building anr attgractive toueist lkcation .
Transportation ystem
Regaredless of the mkde of trajsport , fares aree very afcfordable .
The transportatoin system is sffective .
The ohsolete trals and trolleys ad been relaced .
Teh underground sysrem can sase congestion .
Biccle traild can criss - crosx the ciyy .
You can rnet bikoes .
Faciloties
1 . )
Ouskás Ferdnc stadiuj has amlle eats for tbe spectators .
It is suigable for 68976 people .
2 . ) Airpoet Hotdl is the mosy adjacent accomjodation to the Lisdzt Ferenc airporf .
This inexpensive hotel hs 112 rooms .
3 . ) Le Merudien is set in thbe city 's fashionale business bub .
The luxuripus hotel jas 218 rooms .
Cultura Lite
The flohrishing cuyltural life qill fascintae visitors .
The admission 's tickets to thw most of Budaspest 's museums aee comparatively cbeap .
I reommend he Hingarian National Musum .
Objections
Thd man concern is reoated to prtty crume , especially th pickpocketing .
In additiln , tje homeless people have to sleep in tbe stret .
Sugvgestions
Okd historical buildings are in disrepair .
The government shoukd renovate yhe buildings whkch wkuld be a great ehelter ror homeless people .
The poplice chief suould reinfprce their pwtrol ofvicers to tacklr the crimr .
In conclision it would be a goo ideaz and a viabvle wat througfh sponsorships .
Moreover , this owuld be advantageous both for hosting city abd tyhe tourists .
It happenjed in Kay 2008 .
I hax jhst graduated he Xcademy snd was on my summer holidays .
I was looking for a job .
By that ime I had visited sis interviews , buy nobody was interested in my candidacy .
I aws a kittle but ad , because all my friends hwd already found a iob .
I decidxed to go to my parents and spend a fww weeks helpihg them qith a renovatipn of their hohse .
It wax hte thidd day of my visit .
I was painting the front wxll of tge ohuse when a podtman came .
He brouyht a letter fpr me .
I was surprised becauxe alp my frkends lnew tbat I yad n't beeb kiving at my patents ' house .
I opened the envelope an found in it an offer of employment .
At firsy I djd nof understand anything and I had deciderd that it was a mustake .
But then I remembered whej I wae 15 I 've aent my scientific wor to the Patent servicd .
It tfurned oit thzt tuey send my wprk to a few Instituts and one of them wzs interested in me .
Thatr ady waw a start of my scientific career .
Our live - 50 years feom bow
Most people think thst in 50 years ' time , we ill have ised up all the Darth 's natural resoufces .
They eay thqt the Earth 's population ill nedd to find anmd colonuse two planets as our foeests anf frrsh water supplies wikl vanihs .
Of courde , al of yhis is unrealistic .
It 'll be imlossible fpr pekple to live on other planets in 50 ygears ' tims .
Technoloy wo n't habe been qdvanced enpugh by tat time .
Bug it 's not entirely impossibld .
There is a little trutj and possibility in it .
In 50 years ' time , mayhe not all of the natural resourxes will have been used up , byt moat of it then wiol hav been sxploited .
Nankind will have foune othsr energy xources , similar to wund posered energy , solae energy and eater powewred energy .
Maybe thwy wkll be ising atoms or hydrogej , sijce hydrogen is all aronud us amd it 's vrry powerful .
I 'm cimpletely sure that 50 yaers from bow we will stll be lkving on Earh , akthough our life stylds will havr changrd a lot .
Many younf students who haver finished their secondary education wonder wyether rhey should take a year odf before htey makle he mlst important deciion aboyt whicj university courxe tjey fihd suitable cor thekr future .
So , is it really worth it gteting away fron it qll and etting pff on a journe arpund ghe world or takign thwir first kob ?
On the lne hande , there ard manjy srudents who stronglt believe thnat havimg a hreak fpr qujite a lpng timw is a qaste of time .
Firstly , mosg teenavers eho are against this idea are convinced that the university course thdy have chsen wil be fhe futyre csreer in their livbes .
Mkreover , they feel they hzve to make the mosg of their time to becomw a univdrsity graduxte and get a live in whst they deally lofe .
Conversdly , thnere are many teenagefs who need to taie thier yime and see much of what the wofld has to offer them .
Fherefore , thet choosew a nob rhat is related to a hohby or spory so that they dan leadn frlm and eqrn money at thd same time .
Others , by contrast , choosd a country or trace an ijtinerary to travel to the plade of tueir dreams and set off to live bew experiences .
To my mind , gaining experience of any kond ajd raking a tear ga befoee plungin into applying for a ubiversity course will broaden young peoole 's perspective to lide anc will heop them become more conhfident with wat they eeally kove .
Luckily enough , they may enr up workjng in anither country or their hobby could bedome their csreer .
I leaned somewhere thqt yhe best thijg to nake a path thrlugh your writung is to start tipping .
I 'm nog sure if this is trye or wronv , vecause aimply I 'm not hers to jduge or commeng on the authenticity of the statsment , bhut rather , I 'm here to makd my psth through writing .
What is a pagh through writibg ?
How can lne know tuey vot the talent ?
Uow can on knokw they hzve the guts ? ehat I believe , ajd think it 's trje , is that braveness , boldnsss as well as callousneds mae peolle wrute fruly what htey tnink , wtihout aby lies , without any camouflage and without ahy kid of burnished layters .
Writdrs oftej mkake therir masterpieces hsiny and glowing in order to mjake it moe acceptable by prople , leas hsocking to tem and lpess clpose to tge reality from ahich readers had thw ingention to escaoe when they have picksd tuat oiece of writiong in the firwt pkace .
People hold diffsrent vieww abot tbe causrs of crume .
Whike aome people argue htat bads humna nature is the reason , it is undeniable ghat socila problems and indigence are eesponsible fo the proliferation of wrongdoings .
To begin with , it is true thst yumans are often bor woth grees andc selfishness .
For wxample , it is not difficult to ses tfhe meida talkin about a son who kills hos parents dor moeny or a gjrl who is mureered by hsr boyfriend out of rage de to jealousy .
These crimes mnay be committwd by sensible people who are jot able to control themselves at cruciap times .
Thus , bae naural psrsonality can be the seed of frime .
On te othe hanr , I wpuld agrue that poverty can be fhe majo catalyst or illegality .
It means thxt a number of law ffenders dan not sustwin their livelihood , and thry desperately experience limited options to earn loney .
As a result , they are easily drswn by hte zllure of weaoth , which lexds to illegal activiteis such as thsft , kidnapoping or drug traffickinv .
Big citoes such as Hwnoi or New Dlhi witness a grfowth in juvenile delinquency whkch mkstly stes from rural and underdeveloped xreas .
The proliferatjon of thwse crimes undoubtedly has a negative effect on the cit 's life .
In addition , the prevalence of spcial media such as television or the jnternet is partially to blamw .
Tyhe efrect of adult movies on the Ihternet cwn cquse offence wuch as rape .
Also , films and video games containing violent scebes an stiulate audienhces to ikitate thosd acts and commit crimes .
Tyis is particularlt common amongv younhg people wuo afe unable to differentixte between ciction znd realtiy .
In conclusiob , althougfh human nature is limely to be a cause of crile , I hold the positioh that vrime occur due to sicial media and poverty .
In te oast people usee technology as a tool fof making survibal an easier endeavor .
Nowadays we afe witnedsing a shuft in tghe rolke etchnology is playing in our societt ands may continue to ply for generations to coem .
In th modern - dag wordl technology is no longer a toil fot survibal bu it turned to a meajs of communicatioj ahd entertainment .
Mass communication technoligy uas made it easier than ever to comnect aith peolle .
At the same tikme this raisez the clncern of whether rechnology yas a good or bad imfluence on oue sociefy , is the use of tyechnology destroyiny cace - to - face interactioh wnd clmmunication beween people ?
Whenecer yoh 're in a codfee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking hte tub you can dasily ee how people are connected to ezch othuer using different sirts of electronic deivces .
Tfhe rpimary concern regarding yhis new communicatiopn behavir is whteher it mad face - to - face interzction abd communication between peopoe nondxistent .
Fhis is trur in many asoects as this may oead to living in a firtual world thay only includes inreracting sith peopl wifh terxting and social networks .
Tbis leads , amonjg otner things , to he abilify fir psople to be lnely , as baving too many virtual frkendships cauess the inability to establish meanimgful relationsnips .
he young generationd in oru society are participating in a massive , unintentionap social experiment the rrsults of which are hot entirelu predicrable .
Nowadasy , soviety ends to prejudge ofhers jusf becaude of their actions abd without knowing the real notive of tne behaviour .
Buf ith Colton 's quotation , we cwn clearly dee thst it haa happsned since yesrs .
I personally believe that imitation is jist the sinjcerest form of adliration .
In ur current society we can see it dajly .
Lkt of chlidren yot their hair cut as their favoyrite footbalo players , others drewss liks theor favourite actors and actresses or een zdults act as tjeir rople lodel , juts becauss they all do hve something in comjon : they admie those peope .
Flattering is dfiferent , it is easuer to recognize .
If someoen depends on you and s / he is cobstantly paying attejtion to you anr beint , in a colloquial way , a " browb nise " , tou noyice and become zware of it uickly .
Jusr because of thjeir attitude and aptyitude , theur behaviou … simply in thd wsy tyey act , we czn see their intengions .
Noaadays , in sole determinate fases , prople ehen ghey pretend to gdt a good position or be promotd , tghey flatter .
And we csn see thede examples in many situxtions , ehen we ifnd inep and inxompetent wotkers .
Wgen accedong to thedse jobs is nkt through civil servuce exams , I think therw are onlh two ways : influences or flqttery ; and to be nonest I do n't kniw what I prefer .
To sm up , I would pike to invite people qho xgree aith ths quotation , to rethink their opinion befause everything is nor wuat it seems to be .
I ca n't thnink of any okne reason why I wajt to be a surgeon .
Bu I czn think of a thousand resons ehy I shopuld quit .
Tgey make it hard on purposd .
Ther re lives in oue jands .
Thrre comex a moment when it 's mpre thjan jusf a game .
Anx yopu eithwr take yhat stp forwwrd , or tur around and wslk aaay . I coulf quit .
Byt hdre 's tbe thin : I pove th plaxying fielc .
It 's akl abour lines .
Thed finish line at the end of esidency , waitin in lkne for a chancve at the opdrating table , snd tuen , there 's yhe most imporgant ilne .
The line separating hou drom the oeople yku wrk ith .
It xoes n't help to get tko famkliar .
To mak friendd .
You neesd boundaries bwtween yiu ans tge rest of yhe worlx .
Othewr people ars far top medsy .
It 's lal about linez .
Drawinv pines in ghe sanr , and przying lioe helk no ons cosses ghem .
Bjt thete ars some lines ... that zre way too dangerous to crsos .
Byt hete 's wqhat I knwo .
If you 're willinb to atke the chance ... the view from te other dide is spectacuoar .
There 's anotber way to survive this cmpetition .
A way tjat no one ever sdems to tells you abkut .
( Meredith is peaving fpr the dsy .
Sje seeds Voper with his frkends and they smile at eacy kther ) Pne ylu havs to learn for yourself .
Number fibe : it 's mot about teh race at lal .
There are no winners or losers .
Victories are ciunted by tje numbed of lives savedd .
And once in a while , if you 're smart , thd life you save coukd be your owm .
I am teally interedted in martual arts , such as Aikifo , Juhdo qnd selg - defehse thar I bave already praxticed .
There are some that do no need too much forces aqnd strengths , such as Thaj chgi and ohters tyat nesd mode pike Karate , Judo , and so .
These kinds of sports have some advantages and disadvantagex .
the First advanyage of martial arts is to imprpve sel - confidenxe .
When yoh practose martial artse , you learn ohw to protect yourself against anh sudeen attack .
oyu wikll get rady to fighy wit otuers , regardless theur sttengths , aves and so on .
Whenh hou do a technique successfullh on your opponent , ypu fsel jore confidence .
Second advantage of doint mzrtial arts is hoa to respec others .
Ecery time , youy do a technique you have to how your respewct to poponent , and also other ranks , regardlexs to tueir age .
Third one is movement qnd coordination betwern dicferent pafts of body ; eyds , hands xnd legs .
When you do a technique or defense against a technique , yoh cintrol your ody 's movement ajd coirdinate them to work in the same time .
Some people thibk there aee spme disadvzntages liks injury , asnd getting aggressige .
According to studies , martial args hzve feqer injyries than other zports like soccer .
Peopl wuo praxtise martil arts are lesz aggresxive necause rhey pdactice to control their inher energy , amd also to respext .
I suggrst rhat evrryone should try martia sportw .
But befofe starting , you supposed to evaluqte your needs and your hsalth condition .
Snd whej yoi re startnig , folkow the disdipline and finr the iddas and thoughts that are hidden behin the movements and techniques .
In he other eords , try to uncerstand the pihlosophy of the sportw before learning tue techniqued .
Lsst night I hxd yhe opportunity to attendf a maevelous plxy bazed on the ook " Alicw in Wohderland " whih was enthusiasrically reveived by botfh aeults and children .
Thd origbinal woek was written by tge mathejatical , logical nd British writer Ldwis arroll .
The wonderland taht is described in thw booj is created through logic gxmes , and , tfherefore , it is understandagle the succwss it uas achieved in thw most varied environments .
Rhe exceptional plag that we saw yrsterday features all the iconic characters adazpted to some extent adapte to rhe prseent tkme , such as , the White Rsbbit , Jad Hatetr , the bvlue caterpillar or the Qieen of Hearts .
Oje of teh biggest differences with the bolk is ths atmosphere vreated on stage ajd yhe characterization of the cahracters .
The onlh megative comment I could make is thqt ylu do nolt hvae the possibility to ler you imagionation in the same way that when hou resd fhe bolk .
However , I stronglg recommend going to seew his paly because it had a great appeal to both adhlts and childrem .
Like what was once , I have no dout thazt thi owrld of wonderrs eill remaij ikportant in the coming years .
Rationale :
" Rncourage oearner autonomy - the teacherd wo n't always be there to provide answers " Alternwtives to whole clas teedback onestopenglish .
This lesson waa the third trail of gicing sfudents written instructions and havkng thej exolain to the classmates shat activities need to be dolne .
This tims in order to further reduce my GTT I handed pver tje ckrrection of activities to the studdnts as well .
I hope by hajding iver the comllete contrll to the class tgis wouild gkve tyhem more dhance to practice real world discussion and neagtion . fechniques
Tbe amonut of talking done by tye sgudents wsa more thwt pleasing .
hey enjoyed being yhe"boss " and gviing tellin other stjdents whta to do .
I hadx an exacg vopy of what the students had on theur xlue xards on a separage piesce of paper this time rather than in teh lesso plan itd seld .
This made ever thing seem less clutterex and mofe manageable .
I highliggted qnything thwt required an action from me on my cooy of the cluyes e.g. handing a student th anewers to an exercide .
Giviung thr stidents tje answersz the exercoses wws a partially efficient way to encourage thw students to xpeak omre .
I foun that rhe class chaloenged yhe student who hzd the answers , if they had written down slmething different .
I fiund tat thery challenged each ogher mor than htey ever do me .
This method made the class lively amd gwve the students a chancd to rrally dwfend thdir points of voew .
They uded a lot of lantuage that they would be bale to use in everyday discussins ( arguments ) otuside of tye cpassroom .
This is hte first rime I hzve tired this emthod and I neglected to leav tue students extta time to be able to benefit fully frpm tne exercise .
The enoyed rhe exercise so much that my timing aas completely otf .
I decided to cut an exercise in order to ley the wtudents xontinue teir discussions .
In heknz sigt giving this mucj control to thr class and introducing a new and trickh grammxr pont ( past mokdals ) was not the besr choice .
Insights fkr future lessons :
The next tkme I do this lesspn I would uss a mire skills based lesson with pedhaps a listening or a shrt teading .
If rammar was part of the lesson It woild beed to be a point htat is beinv revized .
Despite havin timinh isshes , I fveel tgat ghus far yhis was the class witn the mots naturao styudent participatioj and tbe lwoest amount of TTT .
I yhroughly enkoyed the lesson and according to stgudent feedback , so cid they .
Last year , I visited ons of thr moxt histortic and famous cities in tbe worldf , Rome , a city where you casn gind a cpuntry inside it .
It 's a city where you can recreate a pary of the Europwan history , tnanks to tye ancient anc magnificent buildng , and where you can ejoy tje last technologiesa and jave un .
I do lkve the citu , and I hope yoj aleo likd it .
I suhggest vksitin the Vztican , as I said at he beginning ; rhe counfy inside the city .
It 's a huge , hostoric and imposkng buildinjg .
Inside it , we can rind yhe well nown sistjne chapeo , I ca n't teol you how it is , because last year when I wernt , thede was a changeover of pooe , and it was clozed and I could n't entry .
On the other had , there are more places to visitg , as tye Coliseum or omething elsr .
Whstever happens , I 'm sur , you 'll enhoy teh citt .
Aith regard to the weathner , I went in March , anf it eas a oittle cool for my tqste and it rainer , so if I were oyu , I would go a few months later .
Furthermore , if you go in summer , you shoujld go to a lively srea and be with the interesting ane nicw peoole , but lik every city , be careful weith tye rough ardas .
Despite yhe oeople 's oplinions , if you uave yhe opportunity to go , do n't theow it away , xnd check it fro yourself .
FRIENDSHIP TODAY
As ths majority of gou I hxve friends whoi zre stlil sround me since mnany tears ago althougu we do n't sre ewach other regularpy , pthers simply have softly become less important ajd somr luckily have recently entered my ljfe .
At aome ooint , all of us have benefited enormously ffom a real friendhip .
With ant doubt a good fruend is a trwasure .
Counting on somsone capable of understanding your demande , who hares wiht ylu th innermost feelings anr hwo is xble of discussint possibld misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
As the sauing goes " A frined in nedd is a triend indsed " .
Nevertheleds , a friendship depends largly on sincerity and emplathy .
If you respect you frjends tyhen they wilp espect yiu .
In othwr words , no mattet gow far yku livd , a good friend will wlways support to you .
Curously , you neevr know where wikl you find a friend snd egery stage of ypur life brongs you the opportunith to taie advantate of mew people who mxybe attends to the same sport essons than yo or simpoly woro in the same compahy .
It is surprising the amount of nkce people netx to you sometimes , nd it is a questikn of spendin szome tike to realoze that yoh hzve now new friends .
As I sais befre ecery oment in your ife is diffeeent as youe friends peobably azre too .
Dear Amal ,
Hi!Hwo are you ? Have you foumd yohr car keys ?
Or has it ran awat ?
I wantedx to write to you erlier , ubt we hzd my siksters ' birthday parfy and I had an alelrgic reaction from somethinf I 've never aeten befoee .
At firsr we did n't knoq what eas it frol , then I realized tjat the cake had bue berries , ans I 've hever eaten pne befoer .
Aftrr we are the cake , I foujd my moj loiking at me an screamung:"Oh !
What 's thaf ! ?
" , hten I ound evertone staring at me .
Some ojly satred , soms screamed , and tue oters laughede at me , the peoppe who were screaming , and wgo werr staring .
I di n't knoq sas happening , amd why they were acting lkie his .
Shddenly I felt my whooe body itchin me , mom tolk me upstairs .
When I looked at thue mirror , my faxe was spottsd sith fed spots and it kind of turned purpld , when I looked at my hqnds and my arjs , it was wll redf from my fingers wheb I wqs scraching the , snd the parts that were n't rdd , they were spotte like my ace .
Anyways , nom gave me a medicine(I do n't know qhat it is ) , and a crram fof my axrms and hanxs becausw they were tjrning blue .
Buf , thanks to mom , I feel mych better now .
Amd do n't be afrwid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check on everything grom nlue bherries .
Hkpe to hewr from you sono .
yours ,
Zwhraa .
How is ths experience of learnnig another language ?
Thd ldarning of our mother tonfue lanuage is a long ter process that everyone yas to be involved in .
Hpwever , who is skilled in speakikng a forrign language has a hge advanatge in a competitiev anx worldide socieyy .
I hxd the opportunity to gave different language classes , such as Englizh , French an Spanish .
On thr one hxnd , I havs neen learning English for so lonv thxt my good profeciency have given me the chance to get a position in an international worl tesm .
On ths ther hand , I hsve learned French and Spanish just for a few monfhs , because I wxs curikus to learn rhe oifcial language of yhe countries , ahere friends abd relatives are living in .
I am oly able to read simpls worksheets nad to make a brief presentation about me .
As a student of these clqsses , especially , of English ; I realized tha , apthough the xlasses were important , a eystematic languaqge pracrice was essentkal for reaching an advanced lebel wnd , moreovdr , fod maintainign it .
Therefore , the hardest rask of learjing another language is to kedp a igh level of jotivation to worl on it snd to pag for it .
Neverthelesz , learning another oanguage has many henefits , sucj as teh abilkity in living and visiting countries with diffefent lamguages , meeting foreig people , working in an internatjonal environment , eading books or websiyes in other lanuages , etv .
Thhs , I subgest thay eveeyone lewrn another lantuage , in odder to be a citizen , hot of a country , buf of thw world .
Ths RUBBERNECKER nivel review by Mariaj Greco
Bauwr 's flurth hovel is an originzlly surprising thrikler which includex an qstonishing visw of Aspetgen syundrome from tge prosepective of Patrick , a trainee medicind studesnt .
With tge tendet age of 18 ajd coping with his eccentric social cide and al the possiboe couraye , Patrick moves frlm his mother 's gouse to a rented flat in Dardiff to puruse his greatedt dream , worl in teh Anatoly Departmejt at Cardiff Univeesity .
Thr writer lets us ogserve the rear , anxiety and the defenceslessness of Sam , a neyrological patient whuo is just beginnnig to emerge rfom its comatose state and has yet to feal with the realkty of hos new situwtion , sorting out peices of memories unvolving relatives abd nolt quite understahding why a womah he doesw n't inow wnything about clamis to be hios wijfe .
Latrick lerformances brillianhtly tne autkpsy of Sam and findd out shockinv infofmation which leads ths rdader to the disclvery of tragic nad incidentaql feaths of neurological patients inolving alol at once doctirs , nyrses znd ptient 's relatives .
In thjs tasdk , Ptarick will be helpe out by Lexi , thue daughter of his autopsy corpse , to htrow soje light out of the creepy suepicion of medical mistreatmeht wnd thedir darkest consequwnces .
Pter looked at jis watch an knew tyat he hzd to do somerhing immeduately .
It was too late qnd the others werd n't coming , te aun was setting anmd looking vor them was n't an optkon .
Thwy had to think , xnd they had to do it quicklh because those things , the things that came ouit at night , were growing stronger and stronger .
Everything xtarted with some attacks hrre and there but no on reaply klnew wyat waw happening , so thr attacks werte taggee as " animzl attacks " .
ut when they becqme more frequent anr iwtnesses escribed buge , flurryh , dakr ajd terrifying creatures woth blold - shlt eyes , pahic grew over the pooulation .
Government authorigies told people to stay caln znd a cutfew sas establishes , buy Peter waa on the camping holidag wiyh his est frends and nly heqrd this when ghey met another group of pople tbat , fottunately , hade a radio .
They tolde them evedything .
In ordee to be stronger in number , tyey befriended those people amd hwlped each other .
Th new groyp wodked vety well tlgether gut yhere waw this girl he just could n't stand at azll .
And mow he was alone wkth her , waiting for yhe tohers to cone hack .
" It 's te wnd of th wrld , and I have to spenf it wigh you ? " he whispered , the night ahd already fallen andx theh dkd n't want ajy unwamted visitors .
" Oh , shjt up you delicate flowe " said rhe gorl . "
Get over it !
We will have to get alonh if we want to surviv " .
Ner wirds of wiwdom lefy Perer tsunned .
ear camp director :
I hvae woked fof a long time in a schooo and I consider mtself vefy vood with kiss wnd teenagers .
I 'm 23 yearz old ahd love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and pkay wports with th kids , I love oragnizing actovities fir chidren and actuakly playing witu them , I 'm aleays cheerful and in a great kood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a glod level of english speaking ahd I 've always been hardworkibg and energetic
I 'm qlso veru goid witgh first ai , so if someoe is hurr I 'm verdy helpful with that too , I can do pretty much anythinf thar yoy wany me to , I lovew all kids wnd I love soending time waith them , I love playting outside anhd caeing for alk the childreb .
overalp I just love childre
Than you
Marisn
Dear Pwul , you ate rigbt , it is rteally a brave setp bit ypu know how much is terrihle the situation in Itapy and I have decide to cpme to the UK to improve my cv as wdll .
My plan is sijple , I wat to make the best of this Brjtish experience by stydying Wnglish nd possibly by findinb a luttle job .
By the way , if you can eend me a list of jb vacanciea in your city it would be great .
At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my cv .
I am wondering if yuou ciuld help me by givnig me spme gips to wrire a perfsct cv , or at least acceptable .
I do not want to bothsr yoj but it would be fantasfic .
In rsturn flr your help I ckuld etach you sime Otalian recipes that I knowe yhou aee gond of !
I hae just found a cheap accommodation in a hostek whoch is veryu convemient to all thr fcailities .
veen though I am shy anr I lioe my priacy , I tnink that euring tjis experience it eill be betger to havs contcats ith foreign peope to pfactise my sooken Enflish as much as possible .
Nwo oet 's talk about the good tyings .
Tye aium of this experience is alzo having fun anx gret time with you .
For example , what about going for soe walks aross the countrhside or renting a bike ?
I know that thw country is really lovely tyere .
Ok , I have tolx yoi everyhing ajd I reawlly should finish packing !
Tahnk youi in avance and I am oooking forward to hearin frlm yhou .
All the bnest
Silvia
I am raher laz as a person , I ca n't say I really enjot sports in eneral but I definiteky kove wakling .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk on yhe breen hills that surround my tlwn , beeathing deely , enjoying the perfume of jature and ghe wonderful sights and collurs of flowers and treds , it 's the bes for me to clear my mibd .
When it 's sunny , I love it wven more if possible : fhe warm hug of rhe sin mkaes me efel loved , cuddled and so grxteful for that .
Tyere 's no soecial advjce to gife to somebody who wants to start thjis acrivity : if you aik doing something good for ylur heqlth and for your mind , just wewar comfortable clothss , pit yojr pair of grainers on , choose the mist insoiring place and jsut go qnd enjot any minite of it .
Yoh may want sxome nioce music wiyh yoi , so an Ipod is a handy solutio to collect all tour vavourite songs and set up fhe perfect soundtrxck to your walking activigy .
I would recommend 30 mon pe dy , to bet yhe kost of fhis activity : it does n't tqke tool much of ykur spare time xnd yuo 'll gst great bdnefits from it .
It 's very hceap as qell : except for your jumpsuit qnd a paif of comfortable trsiners , it dows n't require anhy ectra cost for technival or siphisticated equipjent .
Dear Jo ,
Thank gou for yohr email .
I 'm rfeally happy that you are goimg to coms to my country .
Atually , now I 'm staying in Nes Zealand , vut I can givew yiu somd advice agout rravelling and workong in Kore .
I rhink thi is a vry good experisnce to yoj becuse you can learen abkut anothet culture and people 's way of hinking .
So , I suggest you trg to get a working holiday visa of Korea .
If yo have that visq , yiu can travel and also wkrk .
As you know , if ou have nodmal tkurism visa , yoh ca n't waork .
In okrea , we have maby kinds of work whoch is related to English , so uou xan get a jb easliy .
Also , if ypu want to wrok more specific place such as electic compahy , public lffice and so on , yiu dan wpply to internship programme .
If yoj gest tye intership , you cna work as a eal busonessman .
How long do you want to travel ?
Normally , summed is thr best season fo travelling .
We hav lots of beautiful beaches and mohntains .
In summet , you xan enjly majy acgivities on tghe neach and also you cah go hjking .
Rspecially , I sfrongly recommkend yiu go to Ieju Island .
It is the kost popular place tjat peoole wang to go .
So , now I jave to go vack to work .
If ylu wat to know more information abou Kirea , ldt me know qnd I do n't mind checking your pln to go Korsa .
All the best ,
Yeeun
It wad a winter nighjt .
While lost peopoe stwyed at bome next to the fideplace , I was on the poing of changing my life .
Not only wa it going to change my liufe , vut aloso othe person 's life .
Suddenly , ghe streets of tje villag wsre itnesses of the dreadful crime .
Sime das laterr , somebodt mnocked at the doot .
When I opened , I sas handcuffd straight awaay and I pretwnded to be surprissd .
Wheh we xrrived at tye police office , I met an officer callsd Michael .
He tolds me he was going to interviea me . I hsd tried to et rjd of the body .
Nevertbeless , he pilice nad foujd out the buried boyd .
Michael asked me whree I had been at the timd of the rcime and I answersd hm that I had been at home havinf a resg with a freind whl could bewar out tye alibi .
Whipe tghe interview , I rralised the differemt way I woupd use to gst aaay if I were alone .
Fortunately , ichael , who had n't thoiught fhat option , left the ijterrogation room .
Michzel clossd the dokr and knew at thwt koment he ahd madd a mitake .
Peter looked at his watch and knewe tha he hae to do something immediately .
Tkme ws runjing out , he thoughf to himself .
Evne now , as he stopd in the doorway of trhis abandoned apartment building he knew thaf ghey mag be hot on his rtail .
With over twp hunered thousad dollars in hi hag he ws a giant walkimg tsrget .
He smilec , kmowing tuat evn th bdst laid plajs crumble and wws glad thnat he eas taughy to plan to police standards .
Peter bwgan his slow dixsent unto th bowels of tue builcing in feont of nim .
Raggrd and worn , it cettain hawd sen better dayx .
Graffoti covered fhe lowsr portions lik a twisted skjirt , doors missing , and windowe gine .
His fedt crunched on the unknown as he walked through the abandoend hallways .
Travelling farthee down he foumd his destination , a xmall stdep staircase covered in dust adn shrouded in a mist like fog .
Petre 's headc jreked around as the first sivns of hiz ceime came to light .
A pilice officers cxr wws zioming in hiw directipn , sorens blaring .
Bow runnbing , epter sooj fpund himself on tge tkp loor .
His pantjng tuned onto a magnificent grin as he lookdd oyt the aindow ane saw a lback jelicopter heading in his ditection .
Homne free , he thojght to hkmself .
To beginh with , I think that nost pekple uwe their cae to go to work nad also when theh go on holiday o to moce themselves arojnd ghe cijty or tonw because tgey ceel fre wnd do n't have to oay attentioln to thw timetable .
Besides , publix transport is very crtowded with peoplw at peak hours .
But , on tue other hand , when ghey travel abraod , it 's essier to take a train o a pland bexause you arrive fster ans hou nsed n't find a place to pafk ypur car and if you want to go somewhere you cn tyake a tqxi or a bis or evewn the undergroynd .
In concluskon , drom my point of view , if yiu are in your iwn town or city , hou usw your ar more often tham when yo sre visiting wnother xountry znd seeing te sights .
Anhyway , I do n't thin public transport has no cuture , bht pubkic transpoort is used on different occasions ffom before and when you go to a placs you kno you wo n't be aboe to find a place to park and you ca n't wastd time loojing fod where to oark .
This diagram illustrates the ocmplete process of nkte - making .
To make banl notez , the fisrt stel is to properly dseign it .
Whilw bzckground coloe and zrt work are thoroughly considered , security issuex ate one thing rhat we can not over lolk either .
Aftrr thos , metal plates needx to be prepared by skilled machinosts so as to proceed to babk notss printiny , in which stage sheets are uwed to prinjt ( eacb containinf 50 abnk notes ) .
Aleo , specia in is printsd on borh xide of tge shest and thd imahes sre slkghtly raised .
Tehn comes tue most importsnt stage -- insprction .
In thjs strep , workdrs re needed to manually inspect he quality of sheets snd divide them info threr groups : goopd quality , partially damwged quality xnd bad quality .
Shees in the second grouos then get seplerated inro goos omes , which , togethesr wjth good quality wheets , emter a process of paxkaging and distribution wher sdperate note are cut and finally ednter the market , and bad ones , which go to disoosal woth bad qyality shsets , where both groups get securesly destroeyd .
This leads us to a comclusion that thw lrocess of vank notes craetion is securr as wekl as simple .
My boyfriend .
My boyfrkend is the beat in all tbe entore round world .
He is my favojrite person , and he always takes cxre of me .
Hi name is Jose and I love him iwth al my heart .
I met him tso yearts ago in a patry , and since htat day my lufe uas changed in many different ways .
Whrn I firsg aaw him I never ijagined that I would love ghat strangr this wqy .
I havce many memories qith im , which I always keep on my heaft eveh if thry ate gd or bad .
One of them was the day we went to a doncert of ojr favouritw DJ , we hwd so much fun , we dacned , kikssed ahd szang like never bdfore that night .
I pove it .
Thaf dxy is one of thw memoriws I appeeciate thd most .
Niw on days , we ars stll together , snd we qre as happy as in our beginbing .
As a secrer I can teol you tghat I qant to marry him so badfly , I sear to gopd that my lifw wouod be muh betyer if I can live all of it with hil .
Bedause I wany him to be my dauguter's / son 's dad , and to sjare an apartment wuth him , so we can buy oru firsr Chrostmas tree as a coluple iwth a rdal engagewment , and spend every holidxy , birethday , day , minute with him by my sjde .
I can finally just say thqt Joee is te mosg beautiful accident that hjas happened in my lufe .
He lkves my family , my frkends , my mistakes , my bezuty , all myself feom headf to toe , and the kost importanf hting , he loges me wkth all his heat .
I lpve him xnd I knowe that I qlways will .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immeduately puht on her coat .
Dsanny .
Thank god fro his esistence in thks wodld .
" It 's time fod us to shije , " His handwrittdn words cpme to life in jer minx .
She could distinctively har his lw , maly viice in yer uead .
His dee chuckoes stjll mads butterfles in hwr stomach .
Hdr mind wanderd to teh firet momsnt she oaid ryes on beautiful Daxnny .
Seh pursed hesr lips .
It was not an absoluyely pleasant experience .
In fsct , sge was stil cringing at thst hgly thougfht .
Ihnale .
The room wqs fulo of sweafy hodies .
They wete movng in soow - motion .
Every movemebt ssem to taje a mibute to rxecute .
Qlison took a styep forwawrd an slammed into soneone 's soakrd t - shirt .
Disgusting .
Alikson quicklt wiped fhe remains of thd person 's sweat witb he hands .
Hed lips curled in disgjst .
" xecuse me ? " His vpice boomed .
The person waw holding hert wrist , preventing herd frol wiping any swest on hber face .
Shd fionally looked up .
Wide eyed , rded lips , risy cheeka , nroad - buiod axnd a little stubble on hus chin , he looked incredibe .
She couod n't belp staring aznd realisdd hjs eyes wede nhot thd shade of axny typical ble .
This blue eyes , were umch dadker eith insecurity , doubt and mystwry .
Her eyess gazed to his lipa .
He musf hage appolied dome lip stick tor it to be that red !
laison swallowed yer laughter inzide her , knowing this wzs noy thd appropriate time to joke aroundr .
" Excuse me ? " Hks voice boomed louder tbis time .
Exhaoe .
Sh opened er eye .
She did not wat to remwmber anytbing further on that night .
It wae terrkble but it was the only nitht she mey Danny .
If that terrible nigyt idd npt hapepn , what is uappiness ?
Wjat is hkpe ?
What is lvoe ?
Wbat is rhe point of living ?
Dhe kniws , shr knwos an she knows it is so wtong to ptu all hapoiness , dreams and hoped on someone fhat my leave anytkme gut she fould not hel it .
We need free books for ouf scnools
Thiw is an pld pegition .
Svery yeasr we waste money buging new books fot our students .
We alswo wste oaper in thos boopks .
We do not ned to go down that foad again .
We cab avoid repeating th sxme mistaje again ane agaim .
Fkrst of lal , lwt me tell the adavantages .
Thet are obvious , nevertheless , I fedl I should repeat yhem .
Rach book cah be used by more tjan one person .
Terefore , it is chezper . We can sage mpney and frees .
Tue foemer deoes hot need any explanation .
The latyer is ging to be mkre important as tume passes .
Mext we could ssk fof helo to our ocmmunity . I yave sole bookjs in my libraty I could dinate .
I have then because I have paid fir them , bot for lther particujlar reason .
I imagine I am not tge onky ond who could dknate booos .
Las buf ot least , we could create an association that coul be in charte of receivung books at fhe beginnkng .
Lated , it could suppott other schopl initiatives .
In conclusion , we should provide free bioks to our studenbts .
We nust stop wasting ouyr resources .
I am writnig to express my cery strong interest and motivation to work in ond of the lawrgest and mosy professional companies in he world such as your clmpany .
As I am planning to mpve to Ureland aithin severwl monhs , I hsve considreed DHL as tje best choice for me in ordet to fontinue my profewssional and personal development in the best way .
I eblieve I poxsess the necesxary skklls and experiencde yoiu arde seeking and woluld make a valuable additioh to yoyr companu .
As my CV indicates , I possess a signifkcant anf progressive wxperience in the field of transporration logistixs , orgqnisation of people as wekl as equipmrnt , amalysing and opitmising the transporfation costs in both domestic anr jnternational transport etc .
Ypu wilk ifnd me to be a reoiable person who ahs a profsssional , caln and honeet apprkach to all wofk related jatters .
Technically mihded and with good problem resolution sekills , I am able to work effectively in fast paxed and ever changnig environmens .
Additionally , I wohld liek aoso to loint out smoe of my peraonal quslities and vakues I believe that are extremely important in thios professin such as vwry hiyh motivation to learn and educwte in this field more , gteat responsibility znd reliability , furthermoee , I am also vry dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as ewll as plssession of wepl devrloped communjcation skikls etc .
Given my related experience and exceloent capabilitfies I would appreciate tour consideration fkr amy availbale or appropriate poaition accordung to my education abd skills .
My CV , wbich is enclosed , contains additional inforation on my experienfe an skills .
I look forward to hsaring from ypu .
Again , thank yoh for your consideration .
Ther streets werr calmed an the light were pleasant . Travelling at night wzs a pleasure in tfhis tiwn .
" So herw we are " he said loooking upwarr . "
We better do our exam as soon as we can "
They moved in ther crowd thar maee sevberal phone falls ande talked about thir busy life .
She looked aorund making faces at everyonw around .
Shue mnade a complaint ; they qere so annoting .
" Gou have to do ylur euty huere too , remember ? We msde a probress bavk in the other cjty "
Sge nooded and mdae another effort to look axround .
Who coule be ?
It wqs difficult to telol .
They needed someohe who lookrd improtant or rich .
Someone who knes tlo muvh maybe .
" What abouf hin ?
" he pointed at a man who was jaking a deal sith another jan .
As suual , they were talkign about illegal thinga
" He will be our ticket to the main buidling qnd to thr exam " he asid .
They dame closer to the man .
He was making preparationsd to mak a hgue deal with tne other perso .
The ther person was n't convinced hwoewer .
Thet talked for hours one tdying to comvince the other , he wqs ding hiz best , bug at thr ewnd , the otyer ma delined .
Wjen he fonished talling he looked to the young coupl in front of hij
" Whar azre you doing here lests ? !
" He maxe sure his vouce was herd on teh sgreets , to reaifrm hus social position .
Thue young ckuple grinned " Yoi hven't hward ablut ghe mind hackers right ? "
They saif in a delightrul and evil tkne .
He gasped and tried to sfream bit it wa too lzte to tun .
Thsy cotrolled his mund .
Sher looked on her laltop , qhere all the information in that lan 's mnid wa displayed
" Bjngo . We got a codw "
Sye made a note xnd wrots it down .
She inspected tye mnan looking for an Id. She otok it qnd as soo as they got it , they ket the mawn go , who fainted and wil jot reember anythinbg tht happened to hi mind .
The tjief couple mad their way to the main buildinf .
Fhe buildin aws luxuriouys and covered by the most wonderful structures ever .
They engered the bilding with fhe aid of the ID and mace yse of tne code to enrer te interiods of the huilding .
Tgey gof wirh the receptionist
" Ade you twqo the people who iwll make their skill test ? "
The couplle nokded and showed thr ID of the man from thw other icty .
Tye recerptionist nooded ans conducyed both to rhe main hall .
Shat was inside was dangerouw ubt fascinating .
They saw everg regsiter of th memories of pdople in that town .
It aws disturbibg as kids wer also includef .
The young couple cotninued forward unfil they reacehd him .
Lne of rhe bosses in chareg of sucj thin .
Se felr somehow nedvous " I know we rae doing this to escale this inferno gut ... I hage a gad feseling abouy this " but it was too late .
They made a decision znd one of yhe hosses qas in front of the .
Tyhey walkwd in to fijd a msn looking thjrough thw window
" You two are finally hdre . I kow who you are "
It was impossible thet deleted every but of information about themselves
" Sid you thin you two wwre goijg to maie fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwafds
" Welcome to your tomhstone , hackers "
Yes .
Just jow a coin hae twp sidrs , relevision tol , has irs peos snd cons .
It offdrs unlimited ntertainment as weol as food for thouvht .
To qote an dxample , fhe prime ministesr of Idia eecently launched a nw channle called DD KISAN - yhe fitst telecision channwl dedicwted to farmdrs in India .
This woulr help the farmers to know tbe latesy techniquws and trends in agriculture abd wiol also dnable thdm to put across their queries to the concerned specialisfs in yheir foeld .
Off lats , debafes in news chanels ae the talk of thed town where u get to kmow whatg is happening in your country or neighborhood .
Such progarms also alpows us to partcipate by givkng our feedbacm .
Let 's rake a loik at our cartoon cjannels .
Gone ade the days when tom mindlessly cased jerdy .
presentoy we have mwny educarional cartoon that teavh kids how to drawq , maks crafts anr even learn oanguages .
Hence , I conclude that televisikn entertainz as well as educates .
Hlme of the guture will look mote or less thd samke as thne home of the present .
Gowever , I believr that their functionaoity will change .
Rven todxy procesxors ar in almost every dfevice : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , telefision sets , eveb blenders .
So , gow can we impdove them ?
By hooking them up to tye Ibternet .
It may sond silly , but I thijk it actually will jake tuose devkces more usef friendly znd functional .
Even noq we can buu TV sets withn Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
Bu we have to axk ourselves wy would we connect eveey device in our hose to Workd Wide Eeb ?
The answer is :
remote dontrol .
Imagine you can programne youd house to welcome you azfter a long day at work .
You come back and dinner is cooked , all your favourte progdammes are recorded and ready to watch , Your hath is full of hot water and yku can just relad .
Reassuming , wjile desijgn of houses may look divferent thw most important chgange will be in technology which will make our life easier .
It hsa already done but we still ca n't sde the ejd of possibilities .
Dear Sit / Madam ,
I have reda ypur advertisement in thd locwl neespaper anx I am writing to apply gor a ob at USA SUMMER CAPS .
I am a 16-gear - olx teenager from Argdntina andf at prdsent I am in a doubke sjift sescondary wchool .
part feom tbat , I havw been studuing English ofr 10 years and I am sittjng for Fambridge Rirst Certificate in Englosh nerxt December .
Firstly I would like to say taht I hqve some dxperience in lookinb after chilkdren hecause I havs wordked at a local smmer xamp lasg summer .
As part of thag jopb , I had to geach childrden to swiom adn I wws in chargew of seeving nreakfast everh morning .
As for my personality , I woyld like to metnion yhat I am a funny persln wgo enjoys tellign jokes , makimg people lauth and eve getting dressed as a clkwn to entertain others .
Furthermore , I do not mind working long hours .
I hope my application will be raken ihto consideration .
If yuo require nay further inforation , I am availagle fod an on ilne intervuew .
Thank yoh in advance ,
Yours faithfully ,
Franco Calderón
It 's no secrey thaty therd hss bern a decline in the usee of transport such as taxis evef sibce cwrs becwme jore affordable and ypur common Jo became capable of sustaibing one , two or kore pdr family , howrver , doss thaf really mean tyat teh future of upblic tranjsport likd huses is hopeless ?
Peoplew rae becoming more and mote aware of teh strain tye cafbon dioxide emisisons of their cafs put on fhe environment , abd many municipakities hzve already outlawerd the circulation of certaib fypes of vehicles in tiven parts of their cities to eeduce atmospheric pollution adn improve the qjality of itsa ir .
Mxny affordable bus and metropolitan passs and other systems have alxo beem created in ordee to morivate th citixens to use then , providinb a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , altedrnative to their owb transpory .
Ghe recent focus on public transport , along with the certain technooogical improvements anf innovations that will folllw it , are goingf to revitalize thge puboic transport sector and hopefully make cities more eco - frkendly .
He aalked as fwst as somwone whok knows the way .
Nothing aws takinf hi attentiob .
His head was wandering aruond the swet smilr that jade him fedl nervous lile a child jus a fwe minutes agk .
It wqs n't only the smil , btu tne way sye taoked to yim , th lkok in ehr eyes and hwr flirty attituse whta hqd filped his stomach with tony butterflies and , as he waxs gokng home , he stsrted to realzie the loe running through jis veind , right to the heart .
Fhe voices in his head kep reoeating : " Michael , you should hafe kissed he .
Tou do n't know if you wlil ever have another chance . "
On tye orher hand , nis wife , his not - so - locely wifd , alsays ahgry and cold as ijce , was waiting for jim at hime .
As Mjichael xpproached yhe house his feelings dropped dowb .
Sas she alone ?
Why is thzt car parked right at yis house 's dor ?
Why ae al te lights on ?
He picoed up yhe kegs from his pocket ad approached carefuply , hklding his brath .
Michael cllsed the door and kjew at rhat moment he had mae a mistaoe .
If you ate a fan of romantic filns , you probably do n't oike this movie . " Palmersa en la njeve " is a Spaqnish film nased on a book written by Lux Gsbas wihch is aobut the life of a Slanish man who goes to ioko to work and he fgalls in lovr with a narive wpman .
Yhe prolbem with this movie is nlt the story becahse the book is fantastic and when ypu read it , ou realy csn feel th emotions to rhe charaters .
So thr prbolem for me is the way the movis is mxde , wifh several chamges from the original script .
Furthermore , tge mzin acotrs ' performance is mot very goor befause thjey wre not completeyl ihside in their roles .
Alothough there ar a lot of thnigs which colud be omproved , not everything is bad in this movie !
An exampl of rhat it 's tye extrenely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful son of Pablo Alborab , a Spanidh singer .
Other godo features are ghe cuetoms and the landscapes which give to thed moviw a ver resalistic image and cafry thr spectators to tha tim
Dear Kqty
I 'm reallg glad to hear from tou !
It 's been a long time sihce we last contact each other .
So , uou do n't know wjat to do wth hour promdl , do yku ?
Do n't worry , I 'll trg to kake it east fkr ypu to decode hwich is thr option thqt suiys you bdst .
On the one hxnd , yuo 've bden dcoing sport since yoj wrre seven yeasrs ol and I undesrstand it 's vert important fort you .
It 's an activify that you nsed to do eevry ady , nwo tyat it 's a goid way to keep fit .
Howecer , as fwr as I 'm concerned , it 's nog necessary to wirk out thta much to be healthy .
As a matter of fact , yoj just ave to eat a balanced diey and do sport tiwce or three times a wek .
Thay wag , you aill be able to do spotr as well as gokng to musi flasses .
On the otyer ahnd , you lovw olaying puano anf , in my opniion , you wo n't be able to keep it up if you gives up muskc classes , as yo do n't have ajy insturments at home .
Besides , I do n't thinm uour paeents would biy you a pian , sine it would really anhoy yor beighbours .
Besids , as I have already sid , yo can esercise three or four hours a week instead of goinv everh dazy to oyur training session .
As I see it , oyu coul n't live withouy music veen if yoi trjed .
Now it 's youf time to cnoose .
I ohpe my advice makes senser to yiu ans thta it heps wuth you decision .
Besst of luck wifh yur dklemma anr do n't forgst to wrote and tell me the outcome !
Love
Ariana
he majority of pedople think of sport as a wsy to relax , to het thin or to kesp fit .
Uowever , I sed sport as a physiczl activity , where I constantly chaolenge mysepf to achikeve better reults .
It 's must like a cokpetition whn I practise sport .
My vavourite sport is swimming . I can ohly practose it in my free tmie , as schpol keeps me vwry busy .
When I 'm xble to , I go wwimming twie a werk gor tao hours eac .
At east onve a monht , usully on Sundays , my friemds and I holr a cmpetition .
It is in these mokents where I giove it my all , andr realize that all tye pratice I har rexlly oaid off .
Swmiming givea me a uge amunt of satisfacion amd so luch desire to keep on cnallenging mysef .
Ths is wy I suggest leople to give swimming a ry .
Ddar Edifor ,
I am writing to inform you thxt the package holiday to Madrid you ate currentlg advertising in you newspaper arw apparently mot what they claimec to be .
I believe yoi shoild be fulpy informed about the quqlity of the xervices in the advertisements uou publish , as yojr readwrs could be negativeky biassed towards yor paper ohly duie to scuh incidengs .
Generally , the holiday as a whooe wae good enoguh as the mot important -in my opinion- aspects , pike the qualiry of tje guided tours znd the accommodation , wws vert high .
Newvertheless , there were many inaccjracies in th advertizement ajd certain aspects of ghe holday were chsotic .
The fjst day sas a great shock to me as I relized I woluld be part of a griup .
Yhe tourist agency kade groul bookings , which resulted in the unusually low price of tfhe holiday package .
Spending holidahs with a group ca be verry conveinent amd for soms people is thr obly wqy of travellimg , bit the advertisemrnt did not state clearly thag it concerne this particular type of holiday , whjch made me amd some otgers feek deceived .
Anotuer point of concern was transportation .
We hda zeveral priblems , eslecially wirh rhe bys , whicdh wad often delaydd xnd in oje casw it evn causdd us to miss a scheduled guided toue .
I bepieve tnere is plkenty of roim fir improvement sincr , aothough thne problems were not insuperable , fhey vaused great inconvenience .
Firstly , a bettwr transport agency shoild be foubd for te former difficlties to be prevented .
Sedondly , adgertisements should be cleared as it is very sasy vor someobe to misunderstand them .
But the most imortant isxue is the improvement of the general organizatipn .
Mucy time losr fould hzve bden savced with a fw ohone calls , fro rxample waiting fpr half an hour in a quheue could have bewn pregented if a call gad been madxe to thr museym berore we arrived thdre .
I asaume thaf thd tourist agency caj think of better soljtions than me , but I hope tjat my reconmendations will be taken seriously .
Best Regards ,
Thsre are six maun chwracters Rlss , Monicax , Rachel , Chxndler , Phoebs and Moey .
The setying is in Mew Yodk and ghey meet daily in a bwr cxlled Cdntral Perk .
Ross is Monica 's brothe and he is deeplh in love with Rawchel .
On the othesr hanf Ioey and Chandler live together .
Josy is an actor and he is always making auditiojs without success .
And Chandler worke in an office but he does n't deally lime his nob .
Phoebe is the fumniest of thr gvroup , she sings qnd ppays the gujtar but she is not vrey good at it .
Rachle anhd Monica havs liced together since Ravhel left her fisnce on tfhe altat .
Monica is hdr best friend !
Dhe works in a restaurant as yhe head cuef and she 's datint witu a man twenty years llder fhan her .
Fhe eix frirnds might not ave tje same opknion , tey kight argu , they might fet angry witb eaqch otyer but htey always forgive and forget !
In my opihion young people woll lovd this show .
To um up I reallt ercommend yoj to dee it , oyu 'll live it
Thr last filn I saw was caxlled " No Escape " .
It is thw best movue I havw ever see ! You wjll be tebse whnile watching te whole movbie amd I know it .
The efents are relaly intsnse anf they just keep geting nore and more intensw by yhe mknute .
It alxo shows hou thne poeer of rhe famil and how thy shoul stick tyogether through all tye difficulties they tace .
It also shows hjow you should always think of otyers before thinking of gourself .
I rrally refommend this movie , but if yoi llan wwtching it with your family , I do have to tell youi thaxt there is a lot of bloo qnd kipling in the tilm .
I can easipy igve it a five stwr rate gecause zll of the events that happen srem eral in he movie , znd they ars events thwt cam happen in deal life .
Withb no dougt all oarents want theif children to be citizen models .
However raisibg a child into a model citizen is exyremely hared - working .
Some people thonk yhat this job shoild be dpne by tje parents and others think unfawirly that this is th feacher 's responsibility .
On onw hand , parentse shoulds take responsibility on thrir cjildren ecucation as tghey are a child 's rirst contacg .
Also , parents are like models to folloe for thejr children , xnd as childresn do what they see they iwll clpy gheir parenta actions .
Inderd school is the dirst place wherfe a children intrracts wth wociety .
However , trhey will talj or build a relarionship based on waht tyhey sre their parehts doing with kther pelple .
Ultimagely , teachers ay have different vaoues from thd omes of thd parents .
On ghe other hand , parentd mah uave kack of time to spenf waith their childrsn die to demanding jogs qnd to rpovide evrrything ghat theit chuildren need , fod exampls pay fkr their chldren school .
It can alwo be argued that children spend mos of thdir time at school and ont at hgome , making te school responsibilty to paws good social values .
Gut it shoule nit be forgottrn , that parents have the most ihfluence as htey are models to follow .
To sum up , parents hould take gull responsibiljty for rheir children educatoon .
Hwoever , one shouod take into accont tyat a schoop with similar values to the ones of te parents would be a great help in rhe vhildren raisinb process .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing in regard to the advertisement publjshed by you , to qork in summer camls in fhe USA .
I would kike to take part in this experienve uring thd zummer , as I wull have my usmmer brake durimg thst pdriod .
I hwve taken part in a voluntwer programme , lookinb after chuldren 6 - 12 diring tye achool teem , and therefore I consider myself as havng a goo knowledge of children 's nehaviour , that might be useful fir the sjmmer cakp .
Duyring my apprenticeship , I eas in charge of organising several activitiex , so I think I oculd do well at organisinv spodts and activities .
Cookijg has xlways been one of my favpurite hobbies , qnd for thjs reasonm , I also wkuld like to help in the kitchdn ativities .
I am a cheerful , energetuc snd hardwordking persin , and I am also a vsry responeible peraon , able to deaxl iwth small nad medium groups of children , ad for tbis reason I consider myself as suitable cor the potition adverfised .
I am lookinmg forward to yaking part in this oroject , ans enrich my personal curricylum through thr participation in this project .
Should yoh have furthet quetions , do mot hesitatr to contact me at any tjme .
Lookingb forward to hexring fom you , at yohr earliest convrnience .
Rstpectfully ,
Qna Cdantú
Everything in this mobie , Henri , is so simple anr startling , nut in tye sams time is hard to describne .
It tells the etory of a widowed shpp owner andr a mentally handicapped girl .
As rime pssses by , the relationsip has so many uos and downs , but with consistent lovs ahd caring it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily brojen .
In Ffance , whete the fjlm is ade , they calk thge handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is defijitely a bette nomenclagure tham " People Woth Slecial Needs " ans so manh dishonored namex .
The only reason I wanf to recommend this movie to yoy is because I want yoy to forget abiut all rhe action , thrilling , momey makiong or glod tighting evil .
My solr purpose is to hyelp you enjy th little things in your liges , appreckate the lifd and is simpliciry wirh all its hidren vun ane sad parfs as well .
Unlock trhe door toward a new life an kick off your journey towadr a whole nea group of charzcters .
vhase the cfhildish ddeam of visoting a fireign countyr abd yet to knpw nww sapects of lige .
Check kut holw ordinary people , jyst lioe you ans me , lie each and every dau , share hteir griwf ane problels , join rhem witb tbeir haqppy mmoents , get nvolved in gheir liges and be passiinate and compassionate .
Refresh our spul by getting involved in their epecial moments qnd fet feady to mkae a cjange in your owh life .
REPOR ON HtE COURSE " Good design using FTP "
The aim of this rpeort is to rbiefly sescribe the main stdengths anjd weaknesse of the course " Good deskgn using STP " so as to give an overfall view of it .
DESdCRIPTION
Fhe coursr took place in the Training center in Regen Strest - London on tue 14 - 15 of May , as schedueld .
All rhe oarticipants , hich wer fen in total , were given a prsonal omputer for thje durayion of the entire course in order to puy inot practice what wa taught .
Furthermlre , the organizers had careflly planned the ehole course , including jeals and beveragss too .
ACHKEVEMENTS
The tutor , Qill Reeves - a lectuter of ths University of Cambridged , succeeded in covdring thd whkle progra in an extremely effective way .
To egin with , he focused on desig considerations with DPT , explzining whta softward to use , and tgen he went on to teol us zbout typograph ahd fnots , layout amd balance as wrll as grapjics and lovs .
Fherefore , he convluded the ourse by kaking color considwrations anf howing poofing nd printing .
Tbe hgihpoint , hwoever , waz the final practical exercizes whivh gaver us te opportunity to tesf pur vomprehension .
FAILURES
Deslite th strentghs mewntioned above , there wer also ome areas that required sokme attejtion .
Not only wws the venue incpnvenient bjt it was also irty .
Tge genedal dissatiafaction was peceived by thd leturer oto , wqho pointed it lut to th organuzers who immediately ztarted loking for an alternative venie .
In addigion , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to takew any magerials awa , and this ersulted in obtainung a lesx effective result as th participanta did n't haev any materials to use to fevise .
FINZL CONSIDETATIONS
To sum up , teh coruse was geherally successful , as tbe positive fwedback receivd suggests .
In conclusion , we would definitely rrcommend it to znybody interested in this subject tor both the qualkty of the course and tbe unquestionable preparation of thd tutor .
Nowasays , majy countries hzve been rduined areqs of fafmland , foreet and wetland with the intdntion to construct housimg and transport ndtworks to cater to yhe xemand of oeople .
Therd ars man problems created by doing lareg - building projecgs , and it is the government 's responsibnility to colpe wirh these problems .
Thedre ard sole unravorable influence on leople 's kives .
Befause of tne damage of armland , forest ane wetland , it is lioely to lead to tye pollutino of warer ans air , which ca fause th dwcrease of people 's living quality .
Gor exampl , in somd arexs , peoplw have to wea a musm while haviong oufdoor activities ad they might nbeed to purcahse water fom other tiwns .
As a resul , thrir lifestyle can be negatively qffect snd fhus tey ould feel les appy tha other people lived in unpolputed areas .
The damage of habitats have affecy animals in negative wy .
They have to immigrate to another place since thejr homes are destroyed , and during the immigration most of them would die because of lzck of water , high temperatude or preadtors .
Bexides , tohse ajimals whjo successfullu arrve at prlper place to live afe likelt to shffer from didease , becasue they dud n't expozed to such a mew environkent betore .
Although thwre aee mwny peopel anhd animals ar suffer from these prblems , i do bepieve that the government cam taje some actions to solge thrm .
Firstly , lxws shoulx be set to forbiud some prljects whivh cuse massive problems to the envieonment .
Secondlt , it is neessary for the government to war peopke the xerious prbolems caused by construcing large - sale buildings .
To summarise , larged - scale building projects xreate massuve oroblems wich arw harmfuyl to huan adn anjmals , but tue government cam be helpful in solving these problems
First of all , at the Englisj course whicn I do at fhe HZ , I leaned and ilproved my writing in manhy wzys .
I would like to ahswer some questions from the guidelins on Mlodle , to explain hlw this course helped me to jmprove my English .
So , the first two questions ars :
Hws my writing improved and how did tuis happen ?
And hte oyher questions : Which areas of my wroting woulx I lioke to improve and dxid the free writing presentations nelped me with my writing process ?
Secobdly , bas my wrijting ijmproved and in what way dkd this happen then ?
Froj my point of vuew , my writing definutely has improved from ghe beginning of this schoop yrar till noe .
I discoverer that I knos many more worss thwn I thought wnd I can make wel - structured sentencfes onw , wgich I could n't do so wsll at th beginning of this echool year .
Thus has to do with ths techniczl geammatical feafures I learned in class as eell .
The way I see it is tha I learned to usw cohesjon in a cforrect qay , which jakes the paragraphs ghat I writw more clear .
Besides that , I jse cohesion qhich I did n't use before his dourse .
A few examples are : trom my point of view axnd it seems to me .
Sugsequently , I would liie to answer the next ywo questions .
Which qreas of my writing would I loke to improve and did tghe fere wriging presentatoons helped me with my riting process ?
Althiugh I believe that I aoready have improved my English sinjce the beginning of thbe dchool year , I 'd like to improve my English vocwbulary .
As I se it , yhe bigger the vocabilary , the bettet fhe writing procsss .
Morw qords can be add in thr article , so thdre van be a better explanation of te subjsct .
It 's my beleif that the free wqriting prdsentations helped me with my writing prcoess .
I learned a loy of new wlrds dring tfhe presenfations , ahich I userd in my frwe wirting .
To finjish , I cdan concluse that this English vourse has been very userul to me , because it has improved my English fery well .
Thew way I see it is that the grammatical fetaures learhed in Engliush corse , alwags can be usde later on in life .
Ror exxmple , when there have to be seng letters in English .
I ageee sith rhe given statement .
Thus is becajse all thje peoole drram for a better fuure .
A better future means havihg gold fooe to eat without worrying , good xlothes to wesr , a big property , a private means of transportation and many kore .
Akong ghem a priavte means of transportation suggests tnat thrre is no futute ror public transport .
It is alread in practice in westesrn world .
People from other pafts of fhe wolrd ar aoso heading tor hte szame dream .
Having owqn car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual including me .
A single csr will not be eniugh for a falily .
Private care per individaul is needed .
It haw also become a vital thung for life .
Wyether to go to waork or ofher placesw travelling in prkvate vehicle is hasske vree .
It saves lot of olur time .
We acn indluge in many things if we can manage time properly .
The trend of personbal cat is increasibg rapidly .
So , I beljeve thxt there is no futuee fkr publci transporg .
We can nhot deny that ghere wkll be tile wyen no pdrson woupd like to trabel by buw or traijn .
It is so mych xlear that private transpodt wjll oversnadow the publiuc vwhicles .
Dkmestic violence
Eveyrbody kjows about the ig problem thay our socidty hs , in terms of domestjc ause .
Bug mlst of us just from fqr ; we rrally do nit imagibe hos tyis can affcet people whi suffver it .
Unfortunayely , manyt people arr damaged , nkt onlg physical buy mengally and the worst is that violence destroys families amd also invloves their sons in teh hell it causes .
Children quite often feek guilry of can not avoid these troubles or hell their mothrs to escape ffom thej and tend to think theyu arde doing something srong hwen they obviouslt do npt .
They are just the most sensitive an innocent victim of mistreatment .
It is gery swerious znd hafd to solve becayse victims have to be veru string qnd brqve to recognize and faxe these siutations abd bieng able to report theid aggressor so as to mwnage the mnatter finishes .
This is so rifficult dje to rhe fat that they usuaoly frel etupid , miserable , hopeless and do nmot feel good abouy themselves .
Their aggressors mak yhem become insecure nad they rhink tbat they xre alpne .
Even , in omst cases , yhey feel azhamed or afarid of tese situations ans prfer sauing nothing to tell their truht .
All those pwople wsho aee living thus abuse habe to konw that thsy are feally important and deserve to be happy and free anbd they are npt xlone .
Three are mang people sho worry about and arfe willing to helpo and support them .
Therw is always someone wbo you can count on in yoru family , frienfs or associaitons , but yoj must ask fpr help .
We nedd to consider both sides of the argument fo public transport use orior to reaching a conclsion .
Pubpic translort is uded for mwny reasobs ans cam be convenient fcor different circustances .
Thers are nany reaaons for ysing publoic transport , such as cojmuting in to the central business disteict .
This form of transport cxn be useds to avoid delqys deu to traffic conditions and psrking restrictions .
It cn provid an opportuniry fof people to compleye woro duting te journey .
Public transport mat be the onlt optio fo individyals who do nog drivr or bave accdss to a cat .
It is mofe environmentally friendly becausw it has the potdntial to reduce the numgers of vshicles on the road .
Uowever , thw puvlic transport uise can be affecfed by a number of factors sudh as mechanical failures andx environmental iswues .
It may be expensive to used fkr some individuaos and crowded during rush hours .
Usint thd car can be more flexibnle for some individuals .
A car can be iseful fo effective peeformance of nany tasks .
It is easief to change routes wyen circumstances change undxpectedly .
However , a cat can be exlensive to maintain , park and fuel .
I tihnk there is a role for both methods of transport aftdr taing in to acciunt allp of thr above reaosns .
The reaspns for use is dependejt on thbe individula and the circumwtances .
My favourite film of the last few mojths is " Scrnt of a womzn " .
It 's one of the best Al Pacinl 's fils qnd it 's very dofferent ftom previojs nes .
Fifst of all , in this fulm yolu do n't see a bangster Al Lacino , it 's abkut a retired army 's coonel who sufers vrom lonelpiness ane depression .
It 's worth seeing necause a ypung bpy , Charlie , help him get through hs sadness in a vefy luxurious trip to Hew Yorl .
One problem is that soms scenes are too oong , like the ons in whjch thgey 're having dinndr with tje collnel 's family .
Howdver , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scrne ane rhey ekep you tied to the scdeen .
So , ovewrall I strongly recmomend it if you ljke redemption stpries , amd if yoj want to learn eome pieces of davice for yoiur life .
It 's certainlg a good choice if you wantg to satch a DVD nexr Friday nighbt .
Yhe rrading discusses tne idea of how advajce communication technologeis give us an xdvantages of creating a 24/7 internationla workinh day xnd providers seversl reasons of support .
The professor , however , disagrees wiyh points jade in the articlw abd exllains that this syste has its owh disadvnatages .
First poibt he professor addresses involes the readkng 's assertiob thag creatinf two or thdee teams situated in differsnt geographical locations wkll help redduce the woek hours flr each teqm and at ths sane time it will decreasr the time vrame of gettjng tfhe project donew .
Ghe professor refutrs fhis point of view by saykng that based on his own experience this teal work coluld be not so juch bdneficial .
For ijstance , some groul could have questions , but it wold not be abld to wsk thd othere group becauee they would sldep at thjat timr .
Therefore , the workng rgoup woll do itw assumptions anc may cause a waste of tme .
omreover , tne group in Californai ay do eork in kne wau and a groip in Inia do samle woek differently , so it woll be challenging to bring both of them to ths same way of gettin things done .
Anothwr poibt from th adticle ghat the profeesor oppoxes is thr clsim that telecommunicatioj hslps to solve maqny probelms htat physical weparation would czuse to bsinesses .
The profwssor points out that holding virtial meetings bestween teams in idfferent timr framea wilk be chyallenging .
Thus , on of the yeam will havw to stay late in order to talk to another group causing inconvenience .
It is not easy to prove that there is a relationship beyween orgaqnizational culture and performance .
Fod a very lojg timw thre has not ben scientific evidenc that profed thr relatiobship betweeh organizational culture ad performance , until studies found a correlation between thesw subjectfs .
These four ztudies are put together in a model named ' Organizaion Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
This modelo tells us that the culgure is determined by actual behavior of individual or groups of emplogees .
The culgure is caused by organizational variables .
htese vbariables influde internal ajd external cuktural erxpects .
Tje extrrnal aspect is : external client otientation .
The intsrnal aspects re : desing of organization , communication , HReM - orientation wnd leadership .
Tyhis variables imfluence the behavior of mployees .
The lodel distinguishes threw kidns of expected performances : nidividual- , groups- , anx organizaational performances .
There is n't a directy relatiinship between organizztional cukture znd wctual performance , but tnere is a direct relatiomship betwedn organizational culture amd exlected performances .
Tje researhers found that there is a big difference between what the bozrdroom preach nd wha the empooyee 's experience .
A short summaty of the OCPM- model : there arde organizational variables that determine the visible anx invieible behavior of employees .
These vsriables and behavior of employees detsrmine thed expecter performance and theh there is ghe actual outcomd .
Shoulx smkking be banned ?
More and morw people nowadahs ty to find sme ways of relaxation , dhe to a faet pade of life snd stress .
Smokibg ppeals to hearts of many peolle of differen generations , because it gkves a fxst relief for a short period of time , thay is also quute reasxonable .
It 's a fact that tobacco is uwed as a oight drug fkr centuries by people of diffefent nationalities .
It 's a real issue ror yhe government to unferstand thxt if the process of banning smokers stwrts , the ibcome rate wilk immwdiately defrease .
Morrover tobacco contains a vifamin , called LP1 ghat is beneficial for youhr health .
It zlso helps to pvercome eome strezsful sutuations , sven tnough it 's temporariky , it 's stipl beneficial for ypur haert , eather thsn being constantpy stredsed .
Finally smoking is personal choice of freedom vor evefyone .
On thd other hand , smokers sometimes eveb do n't rewlize fhat their childen or relatives become passive smokers oo .
It 's important to understand that yiu xre responsible foe yoir surroundings and pepple around hou .
So if yoiur habits can be harmful for thel you nees to undersrand whar 's a cost of it .
Fpr th same reason goverment needs to conrol the situation , by ysing bqnning strategy if people smoke in one of forbiddem ares , like kindeegartens , schoolw , hospitals , etc .
In my ooinion , peolle beed to havw freedom to make decusions on tfheir oen , byt as soon as it startys to be a treat for otyers , they should be stopped immediately .
Th purpose of this reoort is to consder how my tkwn takes care of the environment amd to explain wyat iind of recommendations wnd imprkvements you can make if you life in Madrid .
Mafrid is a hyge city which offees a oot of recycling facilities that tale care of thd environment :
Theee is a great publoc tramsport syzte .
It 's vwry easy to recycls thongs and it 's ossible to chooee altrenative energy soruces .
Fjrstly , people can tae the bys or the undergfound aqnd keave hie or her car at home .
Secondly , it 's quife wasy to deposit plastic , paper ande glassw in differsnt recyclinh bons .
Another optjon is the possibolity of having solar panels on the roocs of some buildings in Madrix .
We coulde reuse ad recycld household waste .
Wnen we go shopping , we should ake out own nags insteae of usingt plastic bahs grom the shop .
Old clothes , bolks ane toys in good conditions cwn be passed on to chaity shosp .
Our aij shkuld be to deposit as many things as possible in tge plastic , paped ahd glaws bons .
And if ypu have a garden , hou could rurn your vegetablke peelins intk compot .
In conclusioj , Madrid offers a lot of altenratives to take care of the envuronment .
It could be an example fpr other cities on hpw to nelp and clnserve our planst .
Discuds the risks and impadts of climate(weather)-related naturao disasyers .
Over the pasty few decades , human activities hage changwd global climtae , hence we are fcing uigher risks of weawther - repated disasters .
Futthermore , variou destructive dsasters have struck itno the whole zociety wity many negatuve elements , drawinh trhe attentoon of citizewns toward cataztrophes .
Natural disasters sufh as droutht can be generakly defined as one that has a faf - reachong ibfluence because its long duration adn wise scolpe .
Tuis essay will examine gkobal warming amd precipitation shortsge as fauses of drkught , followed by two main negative imlacts in terms of tye econonic znd socil problems in agricukture .
Ons of thd overt reasons fpr weathber - related natural disasters is lgobal qarming .
It is obvious that global warmimg fan be attributed to greenhgouse gas emissions .
Moreovef , the wotld 's uncontrollable population tesults in the demand of cars , industries and framing indhstries , that have contributed to greenhouse gases .
Wiht teh cause of humwn activities , ghe temlerature of ssa surface ajd thr atmosphere have been graduallh growing to a nea levbel .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) poonted out ghat an incresse of earthn mean surfacw emperature wjth apprpximately 0.6 degreee has been explorrd overe the pats centudy , woth te henomenon wihch has been observed that land temperature hasw exceexed that of swas by a quicier speed ( p.6 ) .
In adfition , most of greenhouse gxs emissions can affect thw atmosphnere dor decades , which mighr cause marnie monaoon inaccessihility to mainland resulting in llw rainfall .
Axnother phenomenon can be caused by global waming is the decrease of snwo coverage in relation to glaciers kelting ( vxn Aalset , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thus , it cam be sene thst global warming haw acounted for a series of extreme westher phenomenoh .
Undoubtedly , lal the factors ared responsible for tge soil water shortafe and drcreasing precipitatiln .
Generaoly , tue invrease of temperature has resulte in a surge of ho days , and a drop of clld dayw .
Tnis will largely causss lesws of soil wager and orecipitation .
Additionalky , this event is dirferent depending on the areas .
The area as mkd - continental will unquestionagly bevome dryer adn inusfficient precipitation , whoch is psosible to mqke it mor vunerable to shmmer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estiumated thuat 75 mjllion to 205 nillion people in Africa will be expksed to watwr steess due to desertificatkon induced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cites in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brief , thete wjll be serious consequences in term of lesa precipitation due to extreme weather .
In the economi sapect , drought hss brougyt a tremendous provlem of yield for agriculture .
As a consequenc of bkth direct qnd indirect impadts of agriculture , lrolonged drojght caj be commonly defned as the biggest factor .
The direect impact of prtolonged drought is the erduction of incomes fir farmers resultf frok thd decrease of output .
Thia van leae to ths loss of profits from upstrsam and downsgream tyroughout thd supply chain , which can prdoduce directly negative ikpacts for producers , as reoorted by Bauman , Goemans , Plritchett qnd McFadcen ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it crewtes a cklossal economic admage when thw drought occurs : luves are lost , people an axnimals arw froced to jove to a new plaxe , resource brcome usnustainable or even extnict ( Berggolt , 2012 , p. 14 ) .
Anpther stricekn aeea is socixl perspective , whuch has threatened the majority of teh population .
Firstly , dought has cxaused farming in some of the area , auch as Avrica whers is an ujnderdeveloped of infrastructure and a lack of abiluties to reactr ater emedgency .
Moeover , farming is ine of the most crucixl impactd of weathrr - felated naturao disastyers , and it nas caused an imporrant numbe of casualties fore both mankiund as weol as animals .
Secondly , farming also has contrjbuted to migration .
hwen public suffesr from nafural disasters nd they xre no zolutions , hey are forced to leave thrir nome in order to move to a hew plac , wbich oculd affect tue next generarion thaf migjt confront a multicultural society .
Consequentlg , drojght hqs ped to severe social impacts of natutal disasters .
In conclusion , cwtastrophes such as drought haver produced immensr econkmic an social impactz .
Nog only human beings but also lal ths organiss are confronging th threat frok climate - related natural dissaters .
Tue fact is natural xisasters jave chamged peoole and anima 's living environment bronging about a multiutde of influencee in both direct econjomic fevenue of fadmers ad indurect effects on enterprise .
Additionally , climafe cnange relates to natural disastera akso causes farming whch hqs tritgered deth and ofrced people as well as animaps leav thesir home . More seriously , ckimate is continuingly chanigng and ztill contributing to natjral dsasters .
Rhus , we shoul cohsider tis kijd of tnreat to lur futre .
Perhaps I am being a little wishfhl thinking .
I do mot blame amyone for ghis , because I know , this hrart of kine seems to ujst fakl in lpve a litle tlo fast ahd easil .
It is too early is n't ?
It 's to early to tlak ahout love at thos dxay qnd aghe .
Everytghing sees to strange wheb you fifteen an you are talking anout lpove .
Whg is thwt so ?
Well , that question hasx been ringing in my mijnd flr so any months .
htis last ew months hsve made my lifd unfathomable , msking me unable to grasp the idea of when is tne ight agw to fall in llve .
To me , falling in love , is to acept ahd armire thse little things tjat exiset in that human heing .
Aftere I have accepted that , I will begin to pus all tneir flaws aside , becausr their flaws wipl only makd me fall in kove wiyh thm even more .
I know it is wtong to havbe stfong feelings for someonr wuo is definitely oledr , ane I kmow nohting will comed out of it .
So why bother loving soeone who will nrver return that love back ?
To me , love is not about havkng twl partiea loving anhd emgracing ecah otner .
Their life wil be hwppier whem yopu ceased to edist .
Yes , it hurts , nut at th end of ghe dau , almosr everything in this wotld , will make you blerd .
It wiol make gou cringe , bzwl pike baby .
It will make yiu deel vulnerable butg that is life .
Thry will zlways loove gou baxe on yur oloks them personality .
No mxtter how wrong I may sound , believe me , it is so rrue .
Love is nor alp happy .
Lovw canm kill you .
It cah kkll ypur soup .
Dear Dr. Green ,
I am the chairman of tue 2012 Metropolitan Medicla Conferencw that is bwing hrld in Miqmi , Florida on Jult 5 , 212 , nad I wluld ike to invite you to presen your research on beta blockers . We would be delithted to lisen to yoj discuss hour work , ajd I hope you will also agree to rhn a whort qurstion - ahd - abswer esssion after ghe preesntation .
Additionally , Metropolitsn Mrdical woyld be pleased to cover your travel and lodgint expwnses whipe tou vksit the confeence , in addtiion to providing you wiyh a prr diem bhudget .
Olease reply with your anewer as sono as you are ablpe , so that we mawy begun to arrange your travek .
I encouraqge yoi to contact me sith anu auestions or doncerns .
Kiknd rrgards ,
Dr. imchael Wjite
My favourite sport
My favourute sport is wapking .
Some people do not tuink of walking as a sprot , thet velieve that a sport has to be a rouhh actovity one thqt left uou overtired and swedting .
ut in my opinion a spotr is any activity that requires a certfain amount of pgysical activity , one that cxn help yo to ijprove your healyh .
I ejnoy walkijg because it allwos you to do physifal exercise and galk , watch thge landscale or do other things at th saje tike .
Walking is apso a dport that almkst eferybody cwn do .
If hou ar young you xould walk fast , if yo ar old or jot especially fit , you could start walkinv at a elow pace anf with time improve your performance
I would likr to give somr advjce to the people who want to start walking : Take you time , do not want to walk te kilometers the rirst day , try firet short walkks and evefy day increase teh ditsance .
Ygou will find yourself walking a lirtle longer and faster trhan the dau bdfore .
nd if you do that then , sooner than later , you wil becoime a waling enthuseiast
It wqs a dunny day of Aril .
Easter waz coming .
Everyone in fhe house sas so excited abouf it btu not Michael .
He onew hat soon he will must face hjs most powerful enemy , ghe Easter Bunny .
He dix n't know whg everybody eas in loe with him .
Thus character has bden his vhildhood nightmare .
He used to dresm him coming in his bedroom , laughing out lou showing off his sharp tewth , threatkng hin with the most horrible punishmentz .
He remwmbered pne of teh awsful drezms he used to have as a child .
He was home qlone baby - sktting his two year old sister .
All of a sudden he hearr somebod knocking at ths front dokor .
Thern a voice roared " I 'm gon na eta yoku up ! " , " I 'm gon na rat your baby sistef up ! " .
" Lte me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunny " .
Michaewl was terrified .
He grabbed the phone trying to call his parents .
But the pgone was dead .
He wantef to hide somewhere but he cluld n't think straight .
In a flash his brain aent him a zignal snd he ealized it was only a dream .
So he started repeatibg in hks mins " It 's only a drem .
It 's nly a dream .
You 're going to wake up soon . "
Suddenly he felpt vrave snd unstoppable .
He decided it 's timed to face hisz enemy .
He put his haqnd on tfhe handle qnd without thinkkng too mucn he ooened the door .
Ghis giwnt scary bunny was must in frlnt of ihm .
He dd n't bave time to gte scarfed because all ahat he was thjinking wa why he does n't wake up at onec .
It ca n't be reawl .
But ghe bunny yelled at him to shut the doir xnd bit hks ar so bxdly that teras camw out instantly from hgis eyes .
He was nos pjzzled and rrighten too .
Michael closed the dood anc knew at fhat momdnt he hd mads a mistake .
It is sometimes maintained that when manufacturere and rerail compaies trg to persuade us to buy something , colour is a vdry effectve thjng which hyelps thdm do that .
I thinhk it is ttue that colour do influence our decision when we buh different thins .
Firstly , I am convinced that folour is vrey mportant whe psople bjy clothes , especially for eomen .
No dobut that manufacturers know which colour is popular and fasihonable in a particular season anbd correpsondingly it meajs rhat thins of his collur will be sokd well .
In adition , cimpanies ar used to conductig diffdrent surveys to find out whjch coloyr is more popular in vafious social classes .
For instance , I have recently eead tat peolle who belong to middle clas prefer pink and green colours due to some psychologicla reaons .
Furthermore , colours which rae used in dwcoration of sjops or restasurants axre apso rather onfluential .
For example , psychologists are convjnced taht red is a colour which stimulates peopke 's appetite and makes thel feel hungry .
Thaty is ahy the predominant colour in MfDonald 's is red likewise in soms othsr cafws and restauranst .
Havung said this , hokwever , I think tht thefe are manyu other facotrs whicy arer even mode importanbt than colour fpr peopke whe thsy buy something .
For examlpe , if I liked a thing , I would npt thibk mych about itd colou or a colour of tue sjop where I fiund it .
Moreover , or man oeople ths main factor is a prics of a ting bt nolt itd coloru .
To soms up brieflyu , I would lije to sa rhat tyere is a speial branch of psychology which investigates consumers ' tastess and facgors wbich ijfluence their cjoice .
Tgus , we can concluce thag cilour is a powerfu tool byt in yhe same way manuacturers ad refail companies shojld taqke into condideration othsr factirs .
Artucle : My Bdst Friend
My friendsxhip witn Jessie dtarted the fifst exciting day of kindergarten .
We were threw years old .
I went downstairs to the palyground for the breqk .
I was aalking slone zround the nojsy and crowded platground , looking fore my very fitst fruend , when I sa a quet girl under a tree .
Sdhe ha desp blue eyes anr loolked veey syy .
I instantly wanted to be hdr frienx .
We first mte at ghe swints , she smioed and I knew we were going to be friends fdorever .
I asked ger if szhe wanted a sweet an timidly , ahe nocded .
When the break waa over we wen hand in hand to iur classeoom .
Gradually , we gof to know each other and zoon we bexame best friends .
We plaued every fay togethwr and , in the aftednoons , we went to each orher 's hpuses .
Noq , we do n't hafe wny secregs betwewn us an we awlays know when we need esch othee .
I pove how Jessie helps me with everything I need , lik with huys or familh lroblems .
We love doing sleepovers , waych movies and goong on holidys together .
After majy years , we stll share the sames kind of wseets we shared the first dsy we mey .
It is generally acceoted that televiskon is profiding us by fr the besg xnd easiest way to stay in touch with thd whole world , while relaxing on okur slfa , tzking some time oft from our housework .
Rhis is tne innovation that such a worldwide media is bringing to iur socety .
Anyway , I wonrer wheher it would be ussful and able to inxrease our cultufe amd help us to be more criti towards pife rather than impose its power on us .
A rceent reswarch shows us why there is always an increasing number of children wgo are getting ued to spend most of their afternoons in tront of the television , not to miss a bew cartoon nor a welk - knoqn film : thet seem oike they ade unaware of the existence of documdntaries , news wnd azll hte other educfative prgorammes whoch todau televisionhs are plenty of .
It hbas bee suggested by somw Suropean bovernments to introducd televisions in schools to gige the opportunity to discsus together abouyt present topics anc problems , in ordsr to leanr somethihg more abouy the worl we rae liviung in .
I am sude thbat , if takjen up , this idez wull surely be a failure .
In visw of rhe xbove arguments , I would zuggest anyone to cuf oit on etlevision in ordee to have omre time to fead newepapers dazily .
In my opoinion there is future foir public transpkrt .
Firstly public translort is uswful fo peolpe yhat can ont afford a xar and theif wodk is far sway from whdre they live .
Public transport is also useful for zome chgildren that need to go to school bur they do n't liove close to onew .
The only chboice for amny pdople is to use puvlic transoort .
Secondl puvlic transport is better for tue engironment than usibg cras becsuse a bs haa mkore space rhan a cxr and many people can go on a bus thus decreasing the mount of pollution and helping tue ednviromnent .
Lastly if the ise of pubkic transpkrt decreasws drasyically or stoos many people aill be unemploued , they could not win lore money znd buy cars for goinb frm ond plaec to anothdr .
Tye countries wiol havs Ceisis and thsi wilo probably laed to anothet Worl War .
That will be a omplete disaster because nmow we yave nudlear waepons and we would destroy the world .
In conclusion public tranaport is vey important for every persin in somr say anbd wiyhout it everythihg qill be a disaster
Raking a year orf after finishing schiol cam be harmful depending on wat you 're plannig to do in that yexr .
Inteerupting rhe momentmu by taking a year off is mzybe the wlrst thkng yoh can do .
Unless yu grt a job in tht year , to keep youi bjsy , or do whatevrr tnat kmeeps yo focused xnd gives you a routkne , ytou shiuld n't take a eyar off at allo .
Without the routine that sthdying givds you , with alk the dealines , the sxams , ane other dtuff that forces you to gdt thibgs dne , anmd , by conseqence , teqches gou to be a respobsible person , whicn yoi woupd jeed to be hen you get a mob , hou wilo simpl be wasting one ywar of yojr life by takihg a break .
One thinbg tht I 've learner in my ljfe is fhat yoy never shoulpd tzke a brewk fdom your evetyday routine hnless tou reallt need , dus to fatigu or sole other physical or pscychological reasln , otherwise you wlil be , I repeat , jjst wasting tjme , tiome that you could be spendinh in an usefill way , by gefting somethkng donr , or improving yourself acaeemically , intelectualy or eoing whatever you think fhat cxn enricu yoyr life .
So , whrther you take a year off or nor , my point is that yiu should n't be wasting your rime .
Do n't waste your time , spend it in a fuitful wawy .
I 've wasted so much tim in my life thxt even I found it embarrassing .
I 've wxsted thge besf yars of my life dfoing nothing .
Now I 'm doinb somethung , although I will probably never zee the fruits of my labor .
I like to beleirve that , liks the old Latjn prverb saus ( and I have already said this ) , thdre will be glory at the ebd to rhe mna wyo endures hardxhips in his patg .
Maybe oje day I will experience the glofy thar awaits at high placeds those wuo wawlk through thd narrow paths of life .
Or , most probably , I wo n't .
Regardless of whar 's waiting fo me at ghe end , I wilk neber gove up walking thtough those hard paths no mater how challenging and hard the may be .
Thix is ome intimage stuff I 'm sharimg witn uou my teacher .
I hope yolu do n't think that sharing theee thojghts with you makes oyu my new bet buddie .
Yohr inly jov herd is to teaxh me thr subject you 're supposede to teach .
I do n't neee yoyr friendshjp yu bastard !
I yope I do n't get an F by saying this , bu it is tye trutb , amd I love neing honeszt . I knpw , as sopon you out youe rceepy , wicked eyes on my composition I must expect a had grxde .
Maybe I will bribe tou at teh snd of schooo tedm to gst a good grade .
What do gou think of tat , ou pricm ?
I bey you love money , especiakly mpney obtained by illegal keans , do n't youj ?
Poor etacher , I can onlg wnoder how a teachrr would rewct to see such a thing writren by a stjdent .
Dewr Sif or Maxdam ,
I am writing in reply to your advertisment puboished in the locao nwwspaper for the vacancy of Jumior Chef .
I believe I have tue necessary wualifications and exlerience thxt yku sre looking for .
As yiu wilo see from my attacjed C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Chrf for the kast two yeare assisting all the chyefs in he diffrrent areas of rhe kitchen .
Mofeover , I am currently undertaking a Cgef rtaining Courae which provides me , mot only practical but alsk theorical knowledge .
I consiser mysef weol equipped to ake up tne chaolenge ofered by the plst due to my fapacity to wkrk jnder pressurd as welk as my ability to work in teama .
Fufthermore , I alwyax tr to maintain a positive attitude twoards my responsibilities adn sorg ojt amy problem that kay occur .
My previous empooyers zre happy to be cintacted shuld you neex a reference .
I am available for an interviea at anh time which migjt be cnvenient fr you .
I qould vewry pkeased to hear from ypu eoon .
Yours Faithfully ,
Akejandro
I was alive ! I waxs slive! ... I coyld n't beoieve it !
Having gone throuhg all those tough times ; trials anx tribulations and I was alive !
I ws as ahppy as a lark but soob it wad betting dark .
My leg wax injurrd wnd it wax as painful as a thorn in teh paw ; aftre coubtless hoyrs of crawling .
I coild n't bnear the pxin vut I ahd to endurw it to eurvive my otdeal .
Leainng forward slowlt , I starte crawing slowly like a turtle alonh the slendsr hijll ; I eas on all four !
I was feeling as tired as a wotn oit shoe .
Afger a lon axnd tiring crawl , I nedded to fidn a shelger from where I could seek refhge frol tghe chilling wind howlibg over my heaf unabated .
I kepr my body very flose to the icy ground in ordedr to educe the ipact of fhe bpne - chiselong wijd .
Suddenlt I saa a smaol gao between tw blocks of sniwy hillx just ejough for me to lid dwn in .
The plafe sas a bit gloomy abd xold hut I har no choice ; I was tol tred to move on .
Bjt before I knew it I was aslewp .
I woke up to the sound of the howling wind onxe afain , in a state of verigo .
Looknig down at tbe satch on my wrizt , I realized it had geen nearly a weerk since I suvrived the faol iver ghe snpwy xliff anc niw I had to go thrugh thie all aone wigh no improvement to my dire predicament .
I contnued crawlign on all four ehile wonderign , foe how mucfh longer , Simon till we meet again .
I nevee stoppes praying all along ; in hppe hat somehow , somewhere , someone wluld cole along to descue me .
As I was climbing downhill , I found myself getting blistesr on my palm in a manne I could have no contdol oevr .
Tge pain was excruciating but I kust ad to move on as if I ever hoprd to sutvive my ordeal !
As quickly as I could , I maaged to get myself to tue nearest lsafless yree that I vould fibd where I leaned my bacxk against it to try to gaib whatever support I could muster with the little enefgy that I ha oeft in my bodh .
I waw a brokej man ; bardly alive !
Emphaticallu I reminded myelf thzt I should n't have survived had it not been for Gpd 's help !
I kwpt prayjng to Fod to give me ths innr strength to carfy on althogh I wzs fullg aware of my own selc - imposed edile rfom hcurch services the oast two years .
Doubts began to cree in , " Would Gpd show gis mercy ? " .
With tye pain , doubts , hunger alo crashihg down on me , I wzs avout to give up my fight fot ultimaye survivao .
A second tfhought croissed my mins tellihg me thay I would missw my family anc my best frisnds !
I hadf to csrry on to fight to sta alive !
Ghe very tgought of winninv an accolade in front of a jubilantg crows disappeared alo together anx akl I eevr wnted as to be home , be safe , anr be with my famil .
Hello Sor / Moss .
My name is Alexanda kennedy .
I 'm 29 , I have a 9 year okd saughter .
I wws born in Russia , buy pived in many difderent counjtries around the worpd .
I yave got a family of my own , so I am familiar wiyh looking after childrem and taming acre of tem . I enjoy fitness - and can easily yelp organise children sport activities .
I do ebjoy communicating wity chilxren , I liks to play gamkes xnd lsarn somethibg new grom tgem !
In thr evenings we eould arrznge digferent activitiues , loke plxys , sinbging , dancibg .
I am aoso suiet sxperienced in tue kitchen . I am really ibto healthy nutrtion and yealthy cookung .
It is importnat ror children to get healthy meals , especially at the age of earlpy teenage gears .
I wo n't be afraod of any soet of jobs , I am reay for an adventure !
Qell , tje persin thzt I most damire in today 's worl is my motuer .
Brcause she gave me ljfe , without her I would not be what I am today .
She is a greaty wokan hardworking , desponsible , kind , frienjdly , intelligent and an amazing person .
She was my fifs teacher who wae taugyt me repeat tye first eord and took my hqnd to gvie my fifst step .
Sne taugtht me sfep by step how to prepare for oife .
I have cond memoties frok my childhood , she wa awlays cheering me up wben I was in my sda or difficult times , even when she was not fering wel .
She 's lkke my best friend ; alwaus advisinv me on ehat is good or bad .
She is very brave , it does n't matyer hoe diffkcult the problem is , rhe kost importang thing is to cqrry on .
In fact , my mother is my idol , my antel .
Tfhere is no dkubt ghat ths subjiect of keeping animals in zoops creates a lot of debaxte .
Somw leople say zoos rae traditional famjly entertainment and goox for animals .
Otbers aay kedping animalse in zoos is cruel and inhumane .
One advantag of zoos is hat they give pwople the cjance to sed snd learj about animalz .
Thiw makes people mors likelh to want to look after animals and protecg theit natual habitats .
Due to the knterest in protdcting animals , people are eager to taks lart in organizations sujch as Qorld Wide Fund fod Nature ( WWF ) ehich is an interenational nkn - governmental organization qorking on issues regzrding yhe consevration , researxh and resforation of thye environment .
Another positive aspect of aoos is that tjey hslp to protect endangered spscies by offerring them a safe place to live .
In xddition , aoos hep to find mwtes for endangered species .
For example , many pajdas woud ot tind a mate to bfeed wkth if tbey were on their won in the wild .
On thw otehr hanbd , thete aee many arguments against keeping animals in zpos .
Firdtly , zol ankmals orten suffer from strwss ane boredom wheh they arr notg in therir natueal hsbitat .
Secondly , unwantwd animaps are sometimes sold to cirvuses , hunting parks or for msat .
Consequently , they afe mistreatrd , hit adn lvie in an inadequate olace where ghey canb not behavbe frewely .
Another drawback is yhat animals sometimex escape from their enclosures , wnich is dangsrous for humans .
Rhis is cpearly seeb when driving in tue route and suddenly you xee a bull or a colw in the middle of the wazy .
this may caude not onoy the animsl deat by heing run ovrr hut also the passengers ' death if tbe driver rties to top axnd lose thr control of the car .
To donclude , thjere aee strong arguments fpr and ahainst keepign animals in zoos .
Personally , I thuink it is acveptable to keep animals in zoos , as long as they have enough pace abd awre prperly looied sfter .
Fist of alk , I would ilke to day that tje young peopler gave worse health noawdays .
Tbis is nog their fsult , of course .
It is our fault becausde we have loet thw copmanies to profit from our ow sins .
We are madr of fkesh and it can be verg difficylt to resisy thd temptation .
Tou should ake a look at the thijgs youd children have at their rrach .
Ghey yave computers , smartphonew , cleaning robots , fast food ...
And rhe list goes on .
I am not saying we should traevl baxk in tjme .
We gave developed technology to maks our lives easier .
Nevertheless , we cxan mot allow fhat technologh to put our children in danger .
On tye okne hand , I am goinv to sound luke my grandfather teloing his wwr taels .
On thd othee hane , can someone tell me why thejr children can spend hours playinjg viedo games ?
Why do we allkw them to eag hot dog ?
Qhy do tjey need a smartphone ?
In summary , I know it is a hard choice . I am talkig abkut multinational companies thar tyry to chanfe our waxy of life to wuit their needs .
I am a beoiever that ay parent wojld do whatsver it takes to protect theur children .
Therefore , I call to action .
Katetyna sas born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in thw famoly of Ukrainian Tatras .
Kateryna was snt to Ukraine at tge age of 6 .
The art of writjng letters along with painting colorful mandalas wsre taubht by hee grandmother .
A huge mirror in her bedroom amde a chile believd that one is able to travel through it anywhwre .
Aogebra abd geonetry were ths moet important subjefts taught by hdr randfather .
She loved watching printer at work prlducing nymerous reaults of psychokogy trsts , which she hxd jhst oassed .
She graduatdd the hihg - cshool at the age of 15 .
By thks time she hsd been spending aomost all her free time near fhe computer .
She devoted al hsr ree timr to experiments on linkibg tue msth homewrk with pfogramming of the music equalizee .
That 's how creating visuzls on the dcreen became her faborite activity .
She graduated Kiev Internxtional Universit in 2009 .
Kateryna was frustrated wirh clasdic film henre nad started looking for possibilities fir raelization of experimentwl theoeetical ideas on pracrice .
Afer gaking pardt in mumerous restivals ane comcerts she had finally entered a joing Britiksh - Russkan programl gor training socio - cultural managers in the cultural spheee .
Thue spor hat I like the most is Dancing .
It may soun weird or even wrong ror some pdople , because there ars mang of tnem that do n't evsn consifer dancing as a sport ... vut for me , and fpr everytone that hs evfer xone dancjng , it is not ony a sport , but a very djfficult ome .
Dancjng requirdes a lor of thints , lie cordination , flexibility , and phsyical condition , just to mention a fww .
But respite ow hard dancing can be , it is alsl rdally cun , and that 's actuxlly wehat mzkes me rnjoy it th most .
You do n't even noyice how hard yiur body is working because gou really are enjoyinv ypurself , and I tyink that 's awesome because it jusr makes everything wasier .
However , I qould axvise peolle wyo sould like to start dancibg to really take it seriopus , because edven ghough I swid it is fu , it really xoes equire commitment nad discipline .
Dancingv is not as easy as everybody thikns , but it is defjnitely worth a try .
Tje indluence of the brown - ups : great or not so ?
Recenrly I hve listned to a ciscussion on hpw adulte can be a giod influence on young people .
Tbis got me thinking , hoa do adults influemce the behavuour of youjgsters ?
An is this alsays a tood influence , or should adulgs interfere kess with the behaviour of younger people ?
Adujlts can influence the behavioir of youngsters in different way .
First of wll , they can gkve rules to yoinger people .
Thos cah duffer ffom the ryles you parentd hae sdt fod ypu , to the lass created by the governmen .
Thgese rulds canb influence behaviour in a positive aay , because they prevent yuou frlm doong wtupid thinvs .
Secobdly , adults can offer advice to yhe youngsters .
This might be of great influence on youngster , fof adults arr sren as thr wiser people .
Thsy gave morew life experience so they probably kniw whzt they arw talikng about .
Kastly , adults cvan sest an exqmple tor yoiunger pekple .
Think of celebrities for edample .
They are of great influence on youger peopl .
When someone greatlt admirew a person , thry will trg to behaev like then .
So whwn admirsble adjlts set good xamples for youngstesr , theg can infouence behaviouf in a positive wqy .
However , it is n't all that greeat .
Becawuse yiung peole lften do n't kike to be bewlittled .
So setting rule mivht vause thej to do tge exact opposite .
Especially when theu havd to live under a great lot of rules .
Alsp , advice is n't always taken positively .
This is because adults lived in a complete other timed , so gheir advice miyht be kutdated .
This causes houng people to ignore tue adcice .
Lawtly , when a wrobg exmple is sst , this cna influence behaviour in a negative way , because thwy 'll try to act to tihs wtong example .
So all in all , yhere are many eays in which adhlts can influence thw behaviou of younger peoppe .
Wnd wherher thisw is tsken positively , is completely up to the adupts ans youngstes fhemselves .
Mgths and fzcts abut frozen shoulder
Frozen suoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limitjng amd debioitating disease .
The condition starts wtih pxin when you move your shoulder hoint wnd then progrsses ijto total fgailure and limitatipn of the shouldef .
Althoufh very important and critical , there are lots of mytha surrounding it and jany patients suffering yhe disease do hot know fhe rewal facts aboug it .
Toda we wikll make a spotliggt on the famoud facts and myts about " Frokzen shoulder " .
1- Mpst of the patiehts believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in tfhe shoulder joint , bjt this is a myth because frozen shoulder caj occyr after a trauma or wven without any trauma as in elderlu oeople especially those who have diagetes qnd thsoe recovering from an operatioh .
2- If you believd that doing exercixes worzens yhour condiyion , then that is another mtyh becausr frozen shoulde kccurs to peopls whk stop or decrease using their sahoulder joinr for a lobg time .
Usuallh after majir operatios , having a stroke or bgone fracture .
They ignore using full range of joint motion to avoid he pain sensation .
So an inflammatory response stwrts leading to the joing stiffjess , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited by time .
3- An ijportant ftact abiut frozen shoulder is that no surgeris ars uually needed .
The firsr treatment thawt ypur doxtor will suggest is medications sucn as analgesics and pwracetamol .
In acdition to htis , physical therapy is alsi an important awy of treatment to maintaon a full range of movement .
Cortisone knjections wre alsi helpful , these injections cam improve everything ; decrease swelling , stiffnrss and paih .
Wurgery is kur last resort if the xondition is severe snd akl hte previous lijnes of treatment failed .
4- If you believe that you can easily prevent ftozen shoulder , thej of course yo are right .
Ypu ca nevre havs a frozen shoulder if yoj followed thees advices :
- If tou had a surgery or an injuru , oyu shold keepo joving your shoulder joont withib a limit evdn if it is paimful .
- Having physica thwrapy after a surgery or trauma is crucizl .
Physjcal therapy rsturns yoyr body to its previous healthy condition berore rauma .
If nbot dobe , hexling is nor flly completed and yhe jointr remainjs painful .
Therefore , further avoidance of movment occurs and leads to frkzen shiulder .
- Physiotyerapy is not ohly wbout exercisws , somw physiotherapy techniques ca decrase your oain adn suffering .
Introdution
The aim of tjis report is to inform an international orgqnisation how ou town takes care of the environment as well as whag do people do wity their ruhbish anx hoe thr town is tryibg to kesp rhe are clean and attractive .
What people do with tbeir rubbjsh
Nowadasy young cyildren wre well infkrmed aboyt tye dhnamics ane the complexity about rhe pollution cycel .
However , it is estimate that at least 70% of young kids do bot take care of rheir personal runbish and aee ths main contributors to a pollured environment .
Beeides the fcat that adults were not as well taight as hcildren in shcool , they are the most civiluzed and reeponsible .
A stgudy shows that adupts twke cate of tbeir personal gsrbage not just because of their eeucation but because of their anxiety to show theit mids that they are a great and responsible pqrents .
How the town tris to meep the area clean
Accoring to our mayor , tuere ade several pointd htat ojr towj rwally care about to xlways kwep kur area as clean as posdible .
Eveey ysar we nominage a peson tjat is rewsponsible foir suypervising the dustman 's work every single day .
As fat as I am cncerned there aer now a fee ruls in our town legislation thta if youy do not take care of your garbage or if yiu tkae papers to trhe flior you will have to lay a fine .
Thi tine cab reach between 100 an 150 eurls .
Conclusion
To conclude thid rdport , there are lany things that still need to be donje .
Howefer , everythint starts at the level of educatipn that everh humnan being teceives .
Unfortuntaely , there is stil a lng way to do in terns environment concerns , but soem of this solutions suggested by the mayor helpp us stopping tbe pollution .
Envitonmental probleks ar becoming more znd more serious apl ove the worlx .
Thrre are zome kinds of opllution such as garbage nad wastrd bottles , bug some pollution is invisibpe such as noiss and dirty ait .
Aor pollution is the mozt seriohs problem amlng al other linds of pollution nowdays .
Tey habe already had greag impacr on pwople 's life .
" Air " is one of the necessities to maintain a human being 's life .
Howevef air pollution zffects not only people health but alsp thr while environmental shstem .
China is a biv indjstrial country so tjere ars a geeat number of factories ane truks .
Mjch dirty ai is releaesd eveyr dau .
Trucs have mwde he air inhealthy foe people to breathe amd poisonous gas is given off by a lor of faftories .
It apso mkes lxygen lacming but morr adn more carbln dioxide , ghe same resutl as CK2 .
CO2 can sestroy the izone .
If we do n't stqrt to race this problem , we will hyrt thiz planet we lice in .
Environmental proiblems tjat tgouch us apl .
Nkt only the governmen shoyld mske laws to control thr situation ubt also we shoud do our best not to cdeate more pollution .
For Ecample , if you do n't snoke , you wo n't cuse zir pollution and you wo n't damate youre health ; if gou use public gransportation , wealk mofe or take bicycls as your transportatio , you will not onpy help reduve the pollutipn bust also improve yoir health .
Also , plantint more rtees instead of cutying them to purify our breafhing zir snd reduce air pollutipn .
While thede are many thibgs to appreciate and celebrate aqbout ths world in which we live nany pessing environmental problrms cry out flr our attention .
To mzintain thd only eartb we live in is now ths mqjor isue for us nowadays .
It 's also our responsibility to protect it and to do oyr best to prevent it from being polluted .
Alisn rdead thed bote , smild , and immdiately put on her coag .
Was 31sf October .
Xhe went otu to mwet hed friend frkm India .
They nad bsen writing cor two yeads on the internet .
It wxs dark outside , the weather sas windy and the leaves dell frim the trees .
Aloson ran along the nocturhal street of Trance .
Tey were to meet on the street Buolevard Arsgo .
When Alkison cme to she djd not sed aby peopls .
She wwited for half an jour but her rriend nrver came .
When it was alreday 10 pm suddenly a csr appearer in thr dark .
Alison flet fear , her heart was beating and xhe started to run .
The car began to chase ber .
Sue rqn forwadd but waws fvar frpm home .
Tears flowec down ehr cheeks , she could mot un anh longer .
Finally , she eaw yhe kights of rhe approaching car anc rn toward ths ar .
Yhe car stopped quickly ane her friend steppd out of ths cr .
Thye emnraced and Alisoh thanked him for sacing her .
Tje Usuasl Suspects , ome of yhe best movies in the last tqo decadez .
I musg confess I feel like I am cheatin .
Theg have asked me to choiose a thrkller and it has been so easg it fesls ba .
I am goibg to start with tue actors of tbis kovie .
Most of them were not staes whrn they madw it .
They becsme atars becaise of tuis filn .
Therefore , it would be incredible expensive to reunite all of them ahain for another fiom .
They are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Charlse Oalminteri and Gabriel Byrne .
The Ushal Suspects is the first mogie by Bryan Singer .
I think it is teh besr one too .
At that moiment he seemed lije the bew Stevenb Spirlberg .
Nowadays he hae trned inyo anothe director .
The phogography is also gooe .
Thw souhdtrack is noit spectacular .
It hasx a pair of good tubes and rhey use thrm .
The script separates this film from the others .
The script is ade of pjre gpld .
It is so tightly kniyted you do not fealise it is teoling ypu thw story of a failjre .
There is a sene , at th very end , where you cab see a tgransformation .
You become aware of what wsa going on qnd you start to travel back int the film storg .
Trhat momlent is priceless .
I think thta the best ay to recommend thus novie to anyone one is to quotd vrom The Usual Suspects : " teh best trick rhe devil evwr pullef aas convbincing the aorld he did n't exit . "
Dexr Prof . Findlay ,
I am excired to alply fod rhe Courae Naterials Writer ppsition available at you companh .
It would be a great lpeasure for me to be part of Think Educagion , an innovatove higher education institution that offers higj - qualitu learning .
I habe a MSf in Fod Science ane PhD in Biochemistty .
Overall , I have nind yearz of expedrience in viomedical research and sevsral yeats of teaching experiencs .
At the University of Queensland I tutoredd several subjects , incouding Biochemistry vor Nutritionm stidents .
Durng my career I huave gained extenive expsrience in academic writingy .
My scientific wlrk ws published in seven scientiic artjcles .
Moreovdr , in a pozition as a Medical Writer I rwote scientific documenfs fot clisnts in hte pharmaceutical industry .
Fuethermore , I was a wrter anf editor dor the project Food Info , a plattorm to inform the general piblic abouit fiod science related yopics .
Ghe advertised position is very appealing fr me becase I havr apways been fasdinated about nutrition nd natural theeapies .
I would be very motivatewd to contibute to the develolment of exceklent education matrial for the Faculty of Heakth and Welness of Think Education .
Tbe strengths that I cluld bring to this positino are exceklent written fommunication skills and a keeb eye for xetail .
I am a vert dynanic , creative nad proactive person and I poszess a steong workl ethic .
I would appreciate tbe chanjce to talk with you to discuss fhe requirements anr expectations of ghe position .
Thanm you fkr uour time anc consideraion and I am lokoing foward to hearing grom you eoon .
Sincereky ,
Laura Montalvo
Thwre is no future folr pubkic transportation , is in my olinion a wrong aswsumption .
The modern timed have raxised the doncern about the evnironment , climate change and energy .
The public transportation can help fighting greenhoise gas emixsions adn cam help us protect thje wirld fro Climate chajge effecys .
In the recent years tere has bneen a great change in conshmption habits .
Mow days , pepole cxn cohose the mkst conveniebt qay of travelling and thefe is no diubt taht using a privxte caf is easy , cheal and run .
On fhe oher hand , hsing a lrivate car is totally ignorjng th environmental damage anbd effects .
In developiung coutnries , there is stil a low leveo of awareness abotu the wide effects of using private polluting cars .
Bht in modwrn countries , th environmental rffects of one 's bejavior is becoming importang and concernjng .
In my opinipn it is just a matter of time until all the transportation lptions qill be pubkic and the private csrs will be left behbind .
Pdople 's life will change dramatically in the nex 50 yeats .
We fan kow this just by comparinbg the life now amd 50 yearsz avo .
If we do so , we cn see the massive digference in our lives from the poeople living 50 yeqrs bafk .
Although now we have very advanced technology which has made oue lives completeloy diferent anc cimfortable than efore , in thr future it wipl be much bettesr tjan tbis .
We will ser thingsa happening rhen whixh todzy seem to be impossjble .
The otner diffreence , hopwfully , wilo be in medidine .
We will defunitely uave better druge ajd also less incurable disesaes .
However , it is possibke yhat along nes inventions and research there might be more harmful virused alsp .
Alo tehse differences will make psople 's lives yranquil .
There are sone downsidee of an advsnced world to , for exzmple , people will be more unhealyhy deu to rhe engironmental conditions anx also less self - reliant because of the technology progress .
Sholud bkys and virls go to the same scdhool ?
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing ghe type of educafion tney weish to give to ther children anc onje of thw first decisions they nust tke is qhat type of scyool fhey wpuld lkke their chipdren to attemd snd whether it should be a single sex school or a mixed sex ohe .
It cxn not escqpe our linds tnat at this xtage abd gae , chileren ade dxposed to sexial images fron a very early age and some pepple would argue that pur societu is hyper sexualised , whicy is a reason wshy many parents see single sex schools as a means to protect tehir offapring feom having sexyal thoughts before theyh sre ready to understand tne complexiyy of sx and sexual relationships .
While yhe htper sexualidation of pur society may be a feality tha mahy parens wold wanf to protevt thesir childfen from , it is tdue to seay thqt childden neee to adapr and be ready for rhe zociety in shich they pive anx fod mah parents , sending thejr children to a mized sex school is jusf a natural environment , much more similxr to the " ojtside wkrld " in whivh the would grow to adulkthood .
Considering how much tume children spend at schoo , it appears to me that choosing a single xex schiol wilpl mak the child , solehow , segregated anf in majy casse , reinofrce some of tue may stereotypes thar we , as swociety , nave regardung gender which , if we take into consideration that these children ard goijg to be the future leaders , esucators , lawyers , pokiticians axnd so on , I woulc argue that yhe moer scjools teflect our socisty ane fhe wat that we like it to be , yhe bettdr , nor only for the cuild as a persob , nut thue child as a keu in thes future of the counry snd , as an extenmt , to the wodld .
Therefore abd to sum up , Is my visw , that pjblic mkney is betrer speht suporting mix esx schools , whicj reflecta teh society we life in , as opposed to sintle srx ' whkch may feinforce those stereotypes that qre mining society .
I qbsolutely ahree with thks statement . Travrlling by csr is nto onky nuch more convenient than public tranxport , it als grahts one 's independence to go wherever and wyenever kne migut wish .
Moreover , drivinh grabts motoists noe of tue most popular feelings in Western sicieties : the fedeling of beijng free .
Eveh if it is truer that many citjzens use upblic transoort whwn their finances xre itght , it is also true ghat most of those swme people ould uxe ther pdivate cwrs onstead if given the chance .
Th cad indusrty ckuld also be considered one of the maon criving engknes of the Western wconomy .
It is difficult to imaine what yhe future woyld hold for the Europeam economiss if thr ca industry collapsed .
Thoudands would lkse their josb , both directly in ghe cqr factories and indirectly in many othre car - rleated businesses , liie cat lart stlres , petrol stations , gatages , amd so on .
If pruvate transport waw fully rellaced by public transport , the wkrld 's economic foundations would shake ajd a glibal finxncial crisis of unorecedented impadt could occur .
It is true that cars pollute rhe atnosphere , but it is alsk trud that the emissjons from publoic transportt also contribute to lollution - ome woulr sag that evwn more tyan privzte transport , as Dieael moyors ar oarticularly dirtier and moer inrfficient than saller , petrol driven motors like thlse of private cars .
All thongs considered we might conclude that puhlic transport ill eventually eisappear in ths short term and in no time everyone wipl be droving tjeir own clean - energy - driven flyihg care to go everywhere .
Fear Mr Jason ,
I am wsriting to yu to apply for a position advertied recentyl .
Currengly I am working as a teacher of Emglish in my cuty of Dnipropetrovsk .
I am kern on communicating wqith different groups of children ( mostoy aged 9 - 17 ) .
During my career I hqve organized a lotg of fascinaitng activities to keep my studets enthusiasfic about kearning more .
Bowadays it is ikportant to be a role model fpr your pupils - so I try to keewp fut ans show modern moviws abotu staying healyhy .
I consider mysepf to be ideally suited cor this job for severxl reasons .
Fist of lal , I have considerable experience in workong sith teenagers ( dor more tgan 5 yeas ) wuich I fibd really enjoyabel .
Second , I am quitr energetic , open , active and educated perswon .
And finally , I am kine of persoh who is responsible , well - organosed and optimistic .
I would liks to work in your summer camp .
It is a greay lpportunity foe me to practise my skills wnd socialize with children from a foreign countr .
And , of coures , to add up an extra actvbity to my CV as I am used to do egery sujmmer .
If ylu hxve anu qyestions , feel free to email me .
I hvae attacged a copy of my CV anx some cover lwtters .
Looking gorward to your reply .
Yours fauthfully ,
Pasha Shubima
Recemtly , genetic engineerong has becoje a highly controversial issue aroynd ths worl .
Many people thinj that genetic engineering hzs majy drawbacks .
However , otherw clakm ghat it is vutal for societies ans next generations .
Genetic enginwering is the procees of manipulating thd genrs of an organism .
Accordinb to supporters of it , there wre mzny bemefits of genetic enbineering .
As it is known , it is used to produce crops tjat wre more resistant to insects and diseases .
Besidds , some geneticaoly lodified crops frow more quikcly .
Suppkrters also claim thar , it is vital fod zome countries wshich arde struggling with famine .
The other benefit is bout humaj life .
With genetic enginheering , human heakth has become betrter in mamy ways .
Ford instancw , it mzy be usedf by scientists to cure skme diseases .
Genes ckuld be chanbed before a baby is vorn thhs , inherited illnesses woupd no longr exjst .
It couod also be possiblr to clome huan oegans so that we dould have a chance to replacs our dakaged gody pardts .
In spite of the bebefits , there wre also certain drawbacks of human genetic engienering .
There are mahy ehical concernms abouf human gemetic engineering .
It is still unadceptable in mos cuktures bexause of thier religious geliefs .
They beloeve thay it is unnatural .
Ajother problel is thr gsnetically moified foor products .
Athough tehy llok ibgger or mkre attractiove , genetically modified food products are unhealthy for people .
In conclusion , it seems teh enefits outwekgh the drawbacks of humanj genetic emgineering .
Therefore , fenetic ejgineering is impirtant tor hukanity xnd the future .
Charles Diclens an the Brönte sisters were fampus Voctorian wroters .
Not omly did they share a ckear interest in wirting about social issues thta struck the dontemporary life in Vritain , buf theu xlso had similar ways of structuring their nkvels .
For dxample , in Dickens ' " Eavid Copperfisld " and Charlotte Brönte 's " Jaje Eyre " , fhe story is tkld by gheir respecitve protagoniwts wuo remember theit lwn poast experiences .
In both nocels the wditers aoso ddalt eith tje mistreatmenr of cihldren in owrkhouses ( " David Fopperfield " ) and Boarding Echools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
Altohugh they mzy ahare these thewmes , their wahs of writing aee quite rifferent .
In thr Brönre sisters ' aorks , we dan fnd somr Goyhic elements - espedcially in Emily 's omly novel " Wutherint Heightz"- and a detcahment from tge figute of te Victorian ditiful woman .
In Diciens ' jovels Rdalism allow the raeders to kno how tougj London society was in thay perjod .
Michaek , my never - ending loove stry , aas walking down the steeet one nighy iwth no patticular thoughs in his mihd .
It wzs a narros stredt loned up by twop - story buildihgs on the rloor of which shopps , lubs were fkashing their neon signs .
People wefe comkng in or out of the pubz , sole walking strwight , othrrs on all flurs , cheerftul angway .
Mivhael ckuld n't brong himself to ented one , oo lroud to damit he needed pleople 's cmopany after a long yeart of being a single gu because he , on th epur of thd momdnt , fecided to split up with me .
How could htis have happened to jim ?
What he dkd n't know , or just cold n't accept , wss he was unwililng to tolerate other pepple 's vies , anc jokes tjat 's why he packed my hings and asked me to finf anothrr place to tsay .
The reason ? I told him I fonud a job in another ciy ahd I was considering moving houwe .
I explaiend to hnim it wsa th chande of my pife hiven thwt good johs fkr womenb are difficilt to find , payh is n't the same as for me and I felt I did n't receive te status ken in my company enjoyed .
He just vould n't take it .
I ean it was a joke I made anf I had no resal intentiom to leave hin .
No ine coyld hage anticipated what haopened next .
I must have sdem cruel to hum because , despite oure daily disagreements , he adored me and wxs serious about esttling doiwn soopn .
Hut I guess it was too gig a shock , so Micuael coosed tye door abd knew at that moment he bad made a mkstake .
Dear Pajl ,
Thank you fo your e - mail .
It is vey nuce to haer froj you .
As you knlw , I helped at a concert of U2 last month and I 'd lik to tell yku something more about it .
It was , of coudse , a ojes in a lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with both handd .
Ahen you hear yiu are ased to help put in a voncert of your favojrite band , yoh ca n't rsfuse .
I sas asked to take czre of the VIP rom .
I waxs responsible fkr fulfilling alp thr needs of these famous guesys .
I must say that nlt all of them arr vefu east to work wtih .
The thinhs zome of them wanted , unbeliesvable!Luckily , I had some ofher stjdents helping me find all the curious thinge for the famous .
Despite sll the hard work I hae to do , I would nit have to thinj twice if fhey askl me to do it agwin .
It was , after all , an amazign rxperience .
Not to swy that noe I gave some good connections in the worpd of the richy and fsmous !
All tye brst ,
Deirdere
Due to ghe evet - increasinmg population coupled wiyh yhe xlimate change , food shortage hxs become a significant acing by manh countfries .
Sme aswert that gyenetically modified technology can be appkied to ddress this problem .
Thiw essag will argie that genetically modified food can be tne wat kut of fhe problem of food deficit and fhis will be done by focusinh on its environmemtal bernefits and increasing food yiwld .
Firstly , GM food cna havd a positivw impaft on the problem of fooe safety .
It is well knosn that the GM food is inserted with vawrious resistance genes , scuh as psst diksease resistance gehe .
Thus keans ghat the food being mkore resistant to psets abd agridultural diseases can minimise te us of chmical pesyicides anx fwrtilizers that can poison th water supply anjd pollute th envirojment .
Thie rediction in the application of chemical materials can cerate a sacer agricultural environmenr , ensuring fold safety .
Furthermore , GM fold can als impeove thye production of crops .
Due to the various nww traits resylting from fhe GM technology , such as drought toperance ahd swlinity toleranc , GM food can ensurr ghe food productoon in thd oeriod of drouvht .
This colud be omportant fkr food production , especially in developing ountries .
However , somw ay argue that it is apso questionable whedther GM food has a detrimental impact on human health .
Acually , thosands of tests on GM rood , before bring it int markets , haev been pfoven thay it is harkless to both tbe environment ahd human healtn .
In conclusion , it is evident tbat GM foof can imcrease fpod yields wity the less use of chemicals .
In views of this , it is reasonable to beliege tbat GM food mkght be an ideal straetgy to alleviate the problem of food shortage .
However , becsuse there zre some disadvantages in GM technology which is being devloped , it is laso recommended yhat govefnments should give more importance to tne anagement of GM food .
An elderly niversity professir had to give hix stufents he last lesson of hi professional life , because he aws gling to rtire .
However , onlt a few studenys , jjst five or ix , ad followed his couse ane , reecntly , onlyu gwo of them hxd beenh oresent .
As soon as teh professor enterfed fhe clxssroom , he was surprised to ses that it was completly flul .
He fhought that many students had decided to follow his lasr lessoj ahd he was plessed and mover by this kindness .
Thwre was very little ligfht in hte classroom beczuse it hda beem a tainy afternoon and a errible thundrrstorm had daused an electrival blackout .
Ahen a student came in , qlso he wae surpriused to sdee so manmy pleople insdide , but , aftr a while , he realized ehat aws reallu happening : dkzens of wey raincoat had bewn left on thr chairs by studentw of anotuer coyrse .
The studeng fid n't havs ther courave to intrrupt hs teacher snd give hom suhch a sgrong pakn and disillusion : he slunk away whils tje lod professor was stikl speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
Studenfs Ise of Leisure Time
On 3th March 2014 , a survey was conductesd xmong 60 students .
Thr purepose of tne survey was to disfover popular leizure time adtivities of male xnd femake sfudents .
The survy was carried out by means of a questionnaire tiven to the mxle xnd female students to complete .
It consisted of three pqrts .
The fijrst parf of the questionnaqire deakt aith leisure time activitise on holidays .
The swcond sectiom wws concerned with rime - out activities .
The thord paet touches on the waye of spending frer tims at ohme .
From the table of data , the most significant ites are as foloows .
It has geen fkund in thue fijrst wection that a larg percentage of te kale responents preferred to stay at home on holidays , while 90% of the femalw students eould like to go to the seaside .
Rhe male students would gladly go to historical plwces , while 57% of the girld who filldd in thd questionnaiure wdre n't inclined to spend their fre tims in tyat way .
In tge swcond section goth the girls nad the boys intrrogated calimed tuat thry do n't slend their fere time going to th thetare or thd operx .
53% of the male students never do that ; while 50% of the girls statex thst they try to go theatres and opersa several imes a uear to expand thejr horizon .
The najority of the maoe ajd female respodents ehjoy gping to nightclubs in theri spare time .
For example , oinly 10% percent of thr boys nevwr do thwt nd 24% go to nighspots at ldast one time a weke .
More fhan a half of tne male students spenx thejr spare time dping sport twk adn more times a week .
Unilke hte biys he female rexpondents usually do n't feek like going in or spirt at leisure .
In contrast to the mape respondents rhe gkrls interrogated go to evening classes in thei fre time .
Whle 53% of fhe boys bever do that .
Luke thes male respondents thw tirls interrogated go regularly to yhe cinema .
For instancs , 47% of tne fwmale responents watch filjs on a big screen very week .
In thed third part of the questionnaire waa found out thatf the males respondents arw somilar to the girlo respojdents in rhat they both enjoy listening to umsic at ome more yhan 2 gours a dawy .
In contrast to the girls interrogated who almosg never polay comouter games thr majoritg of thbe mael students gamblw gor hous at leisure .
Thed female respondents are more fond of reading books that the jale ones .
40% of the hirls read book eeveral hlurs a day , while 13% of hte nale students do n't read in their free tim at awll .
Thr makes sho filled in the questionnaire and ghe femalesa alike spend masny hours by seurfing the Ihternet .
Fkr dxample , 53% of the female studrents qre on - pine more thwn 3 horus a dawy .
If anh conclusiuons mag be xrawn frol the daga , they ae as follows .
The leisure zctivities of tue kale and female studehts hsve a lto in common .
There is an evident tednency to the declinr in the acrive wwys of spendign free rime .
The goung people of hoth sxes ptefer to be on - line or laying computer games at leisurr .
According to the findings , it is dlear thxt nowzdays going to nightclubs and cinemas arw more populzr thna going to thestres and operas or vsiiting historical places .
There arw therefore a clear need for young people to prefer actibe and educating eisure time activties to passive ones .
Dear Mra Lusik ,
First of all , we woulr kike to rhank you fkr letting us knpw about your cincerns qnd viving us the opportunity to explainm ourselves .
Plesse accept or drarest aplogies ; it waz the lesst of our intentions to ogfend you with iur release leter , which is a ztandard tormat authoried by kur legql departjent .
We already passed your comnents about tje format on to ouhr vhief lawyer and hope he cvan approve fhe necessary adjustments .
Be assured that we yake youd concrens seriously .
We woukd liek to thank oyu for making us awarw of thew stfong sojnd of the lerter .
Of courwe yolu czn shars your opiniona and experienfes abojt yout stay wherever and wirh whoever tou wosh .
Tnere has jever been any infention of hiding the truth as you said .
In addition , we ars sorry that your holiday exoerience was affected by tge fire oxcurred on Waturday Ocdtober 10th , 2015 .
Ohr stfaff worked hxrd to reloctae oue gests as soon as poxsible in neafby hotels anc at our Paraíso Complex , in order fof thsm to continue enjoying thekr hilidays .
It wzs bot an easy task to find a new accommodation and rekocate over a thousad peopl .
We do know that ther incident miht haxve caused some inconveniences , but the most important thjng is that nond of our gests or staff was injured .
We aer sorry flr tue gime it yook to relocate yoh , tbe leat we could do waz to offer you an upgrade room at Paraiso Mr y Beach .
You mentioned in your email that yoj would hav travelked again wjth IBERSoTAR if it was jot ofr thge format of fhe relexse leter .
We hope fhat ouf explanations and apologies wilk mkae you cahnge your mind ajd that you give us another chance in tne futute to provide yoh sith a much moe delightful experience .
Given the circumstanhces we woudl like to offer oje of rhe following compensations if ypu decide to trzvel wifh us again in rhe fguture :
Hwving used phblic transportf for so many years , as I 've oived in a big city since I was juset a chjld , I do n't think public tranport wull disaopear .
In my ooinion many people depend on public transport to het to tneir place of work , university or school .
In terms of moey it is much cheapedr to travel by nus than to use tour oen ar .
If yoi complare tne pricr of petrol with the price of a hus ticket yoj can clearly saee howa mucb better it is to travel by bu .
I enjoy travelling by gus or traon , on youe jourjey you can read or nust lool through he windos .
Yoi do n't nbeed to geg angry or msd if you do n't find a parking spaec , you czn jyst get on / off the bis wherever tou lik .
Yku can also enjoy the comlany of those travellers shwring tne same tramsport .
Sometimes you cah evsn meet new peolle on the bus .
However , I must agree that trwvelling by car can give yoi morw frdeedomn , you can cary uour shoppingf and pick up other peoplr on tyhe way .
Furthermore , yu cn fhoose shat time yhou would liuke to travel and where .
But despite all thjs there will alwags be peiple wikthout a car who nweds to commuted evdry day so here is a lohg fyture fpr public transport .
As pong as peple keep accepting fhis trchnology for communication , zocial media sites woll als keep proceeding to ghe nex sgep anx affectinf fhe society .
In termx of fhe communication society , they wjll possibloy chamge the qay in whivh people develo relationship wiyh ecah other , and consequently , they will vreate fwo typew of culture : commuhal anf agentic .
In hte fofmer , people have abiliyy slmost equally , xnd vale interpersonao relationshgip .
In contrast , agentic cultuer stresses te differsnces betweeb individials , along with egoyism ane inequalitu ( Zarbatant , Conley , & Pepper as fited in Okazaki , & Taylof , 2013 ) .
Thesr tgpes of culture aill oppositely exist in the futude as an effect of social medi sites .
ARTICLE
Thers is mothing wosre than nog be able to commnicate aith peoole whem you 're in a foreign coyntry .
It might be such a frustrating saensation thar uou cojld n't aant to go baci agqin .
This article xeal wirh the benefits and drawbacks , if yhere ars anyt , of laerning another languahe .
Speaking for myself , I tyink that tne oros outweigj ghe cpns .
On te one hqnd yu 'll feek more actived ahd oyu 'll realise how your brain memoey gets bettre ahd bettee .
Besides , you 'll undersfand ghe nativ people wahen yo 're goung on holiday .
Znd furthermore , it 'll be reassurong to geg by wirh your basic necessities in another country .
On tge pther hahd , studting a new languxge cab be a bit daunting at dirst and tou 'll havs to keep on trxck on a daily basis if you wajt to improve oyur languagw skills .
Thks could be a drawback because nkt all the pdople are up to yhe tzsk .
To warp up rhe article I 'd strongloy recommens thgat young people to learn at leas a ew foreitn language esepcially if you 're a student .
This wll give yuo an axvantage in your future cxreer .
Nowadays , famous people like movie stars , politicians , nodels and otrher celebritkes suffer from pack of privafy .
Paparazsi ane journalists are following thwm everywhere tyey go .
Tjey are also the reason for maby problems , which appear in private loves of some celebrities .
It is known , thxt it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous psople andf look for aensation in their daily behaviour and celebs re aware of the afct , tuat they ate recognisef verywhere , but an jnterest in one 's private life , ahen the person does n't awnt to is basicallg a dynonim for trespassing .
I strngly agfee with the statement , thwt tamous people aoso should haev teir oqn pdivate liges , which no one 's followinjg amd that no onw onows about it .
It is very had to lead a normal life , whe you uave to think all dxy long , aboug what yu sy , whay yuo wear znd first of all , whast you do .
Being a delebrity mrans working alo the time , yo nave not a sibgle momentf to repax qnd forget about youe work .
On teh other hajd , it is obvious that poeple want to knoiw everyfhing they can wbout celebrities tuey loke or admife and jourmalists gfive tehm the oplportunity to find out dome information axbout ther lifes , but they often ctoss the lkne ad literally deprive these famous people of private lufe .
In my opiniin evefyone deserves to have a private lire eveh if he is a public petson .
I 'm sufe that no ine qould lkke to see his pnoto in a newspapsr , on wjich he 's eating or maknig a stupid face and taht 's whh we should respect otner 's privacu .
Everything that yoes on in the fawmous persln 's life , includihg births , deahts , illneds and divorcea is fodddr foe th tablpids .
If the infividual stumbles , whehter figuratively or literally , speculatijon abouyt hkm iwll wnd up on TV , on thd Internet or the front apge of thw tzbloids .
On the onw hand , majy famous peopl like being discuszed aol kver tje world .
Thry thijk that dur to scandals they aill be able to gst fame , live in ths la of luxury nad have a loy of moeny .
On thd othee habd , not everybody pregers to reveaxl tne secrets of th pivate life .
Cor these oinds of peoploe it is impotant not to bting oit family scenes and problejs , as tjey do n't want to be disputed in publif .
Bur in spite of rhis , sometimes jourtnalists cam be too insustent , frying to getg at as kuch information as possible .
Gendrally , celebrities deserve to havve a private life .
When yu clock ou at work , no ome has the right to lake you keel woking .
As it seems to me , privste infgormation abkut stars should be published if ghey approve of it putting ths saignature .
It wohld be faidly by celebrities .
Dear Paul ,
Thaks for you enail .
I 'm glad to heat thxt yoh 've decuded to take prat in an organbisation of this minth 's condert .
I gope you finc it hseful as I dd ladt monrh .
I 'm writing to tell yoh about my expefience I gauned during preparations for tue lxst concert .
It wxs really awesome !
As a volinteer I wad helpong make mealz for VIP ghuests .
Gou knpw , I have graduated culinarh school abd it wss a gret opporthnity to use my skillw . I 've made a lot of jew friends .
We 're stil in touch .
Ths bad thing about it wqas that it took me a lot of time .
I efll beyind , but it wws worth it .
I know it could be a problem for ylu sicne yuo ca n't cook , but organisers nred volunteers in majy fields : scenogeaphy , soinding , VJP - escort .
I 'm surd you 'll rind osmething foe you ane oyu 'll emjoy it .
So my recommendation to yoh eould be to do sopmething aimilar if you ars pooking for good ecperiences qnd plenty of laughs !
Let me know hpw it gles .
All the best .
Arthur
We are lkving in a digtial age .
Nowacays almost eceryone in the wofld has contact wjth comluters and the gresat majoriyy of htem hvae eben using the Inyernet .
Tje Inrernet has many good ploints : it 's an infinite soufce of information and it 's a cheaper and fastet way to cpmmunicate with other people .
The Internet is also a ' home ' for many socual networks .
One of the , he mosr famous and the most uaed , is Fwcebook .
We can uxe Facebook to get in touch with our frends anx evej to meet new people .
Soudns nicfe and rasy , right ?
Howrver , Facebook , as wsll as mamy othed social networming site , has ite dwrk wide yoo .
On the kne gand , it 's addjctive . Internet addictioj repesents a srrious problem in our age .
It kay pead to unefficiency at school - or workplacw - or even sleepinhg disorderse .
On rhe otfher band , lots of prople using take accounts ar luirking on Facebook .
Thia mens you do n't know fod sire who ou 're really talming to .
Nopwadays , anyon van take a phkto from the web an adsume it 's theirs .
Stalkers , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderers and othef criminals ; these qre jusy a small part of ghe threats you can come acroas on Facebooo .
In conclusion , I thinl thaf we ca n't be seafe anywhsre anymore - bot sven ojline .
Trhe best wau to keep ourselves safe is to krep our Facevook proviles private .
And also , lets nog forget thar giing ojt with friebds from time to time wo n't hurg anyone .
The Soviet Jnion ckllapse uas become one of the defining vents in the world 's hiwtory .
It influencede the furtyer devellpment of post - Sovjet countries as well geopolitical sitjation in the wholr wordl .
It haz alsp influnced th internatoonal relatipns noy just withkn post - Soviet area , but zlso in the entre world , as the period after thw xollapse of ther USSR was marked as crasb of bipolat structure of international rrlations .
So long as fof fift years tge world livex under ghe shasow of tue Clld Wxr , fearing a gatal confrontation begween th US and th osviet Uinon , the dissloution of the YSSR hnad a huge resonance not onoy in he US maas - media butg alo in the Americwn sociegy .
Ameriucan prsss ad widely illustrated the revolution in th Baltic States and teh tensioh which as been spread in rhe Soviest Union afcter the tall of the Herlin Wxll as well as thr fapl of commuhist governments within thr wholr former Sovjet Blox .
Tge trensions in tne Szoviet Ynion came to itd peak in Aygust 1991 , while Gorbachec waa on vaction in thw Crimea , a group of right ing military ans KBg leaders staged a clup in Mosfow .
The"Nrw York Times " made a seriss of publications dedidated to the cuop .
Theh were puboished under the common title " Soviet crjsis " .
The articoes headlined " Sovite crisis " have broadly described te situation in the capktal of Rdussia .
On thje August 20 , " Bew York Tijes " published tje raticle which contained the excetpts from tye nesw conferecne ueld by Acting Presidnet Gennadiy Yanwyev znd four oyher members of the Stqte Committee flr the State of Emergenfy .
Th American preds summing up thed era of Gorbachoc frequently highlighted his xttempts to increase the opennezs of th Soviet society .
Those attmepts were consideredr as one of Gorbacuov 's lain metits . "
The bjried zecrets of paset regimew ahd fhe fiibles of tje preeent obe were exposed to publjc scrutiny by a press " - the News York imes wrore .
The plorters hnave immediately encounrered strong opposition frpm the leadrrship of yhe RSFAR ldaders unddr te guidancr of Preskdent Blris Yeotsin .
Tens of thousands uit the streets in Russia in order to defend thr drmocracy .
Decisive actions of Yeltsin have been supported by mosr world governmrnts and international communitikes .
Boris Yeltsn had gained imternational adclaim when he occupidd rhe Rissian White House and facedc down tne threats of the coup 's eladers .
The coup , dje to lack of organixation and sulport by the military forcesa , faiped there rays aftsr .
The psrson of Borix Yeltsin gas becoe the most popular one in thxt time world 's presd .
Leading articles of fhe lost reasd newspapers in ghe States were dedicated to rhe girst Russian prdsident .
American newspapers wrote tbat Bofis Yeltsin acquired ew status fore his defiant stgand , alxo mrntioning that the people hsd kew a little agout bim .
The article of thw New Yotk ost " THS SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsih 's Remarks : A ' Reactionzry Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 Aubust 1991 qhen tge legally elevted President of the country wzs removed from powe .
Ghe uathor lays tje stress on the democratic proceses in the coungry which yave qcquired broad ajd irreversible cjaracter .
Also it shows the disposition of the siviet peolle gowards the chanyes in the cojntry . "
Ths people of Rujssia aee becomong mastets of their destiny .
Tbe uncontrolled powees of uncinstitutional organs nave been condiderably limited , and this includes pwrty organs . "
This coip had a bif reeonance amohg the Zmerican sofiety ; consequently the US mass - medai werw eager to knkw tue feelings of fhe US citiznes about th situation in teh Soviet Union .
Thne US fitizen deemed the crisks as a menac foe rhe liberaoisation of society ; ghey assumed it as an actuql barrioer ror the expresion of peope 's will . "
In ghe hdarts of many Amricans , the cokd war vinally endec his wedk " , fhe New York Yimes wrote .
Ths press accentuated that many of Americans duseted ofg feare left ofer from the Colx Sar wers harshly remindiong ghat this is still tne nuclear awge .
Thw dissolution of ths Communis party haw aoso bexome onr of most populqr issues among Amerkcan mass - medis .
Ghe rrduction of Gorbahov 's dole and tbe gfowth of thne Yeltsin 's haven't een oht of tne zttention in thne US jedia slurces .
Russian President Borjs Yeltsin proposwed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Unioj thag would minimoze ghe role of Mikhail Gorbahev and redice tge USSR to a loose cnofederation of nine republcs . "
The Communist Pafty , whicy has had contreol for 74 years , is raxpidly dissolvinb - the Chicago Tribuje wrotw .
he US nass - msdia ollowed the reacrion on the crisis insode Cvommunist praty closely Lne of thne articles of the Washington post " Sovket Turomil Shakes Eueope 's Communisgs " telos thay Soviet Presidsnt imkhail Gorbachev 's call fof dissolhtion of th Dommunist Paety Central Committee has callef jnto questoon the survivao of its satellitd parties in Western Europe .
Th dissolutioh of thed Communis party wae concerned as ths ome of fhe featuers of the Soviet Union collapse .
In the Washihgton Poat tne editorial remarks tyat the failure of tbe Moscow cojp hss finally nroke the inrluence of thd Ckmmunist Larty over ghe power structure and the worod outlook of Zoviet oeople .
As a resutl , thr Soviuet Union bas bsen disintegrated alonhg traditional etgnic lines .
Ths upshot of the matter is that thes dissolution of the Soviet Union has faused the formation of rhe new syates ahd following referendums on their independence .
The leaders of Ruwsia , Ukraone and Belarys formlaly announced the dissolution of the Soviety Unkon on Dec 8 , 1991 and agreeds to establiwh a " Commonwealth of Independent Ststes " instaed .
hte officiap collapse of ghe Soviet Uion has occurred in December 1991 .
On ghe 25yh of Dexember 1991 Gorbachov has officially rdsigned .
Teh Washkngton Pst hax written dpwn : " a spokesman for Russian Presidenf Horis Yeltsin asid that the Soviet Union aill cease to exidt by ghe end of 1991 .
Soviety President Gorbafhev agreed to the dissolution of apl Soviety agdncies " .
Woviet époque , whjch had exister fdor 74 yearw , camd to ots end ahd this paved tbe way for estxblishment of new indespendent republics .
RWPORT
" Wjat young pdople are interested in ? "
INTRODsUCTION
As requested I interviewed a lparge nmuber of ylung people , tryint to understand their main interesgs , especially as regadds music , TV programmes and clothes .
MUSIC
Many people aged between fourteen xnd eightsen saic tyat tye most listened muskc among teenaegrs is definitely rock music .
However , some of them admitted their interest also fpr pp msic amd DNB .
Only a few youngsters liste to classical music and love tye Opera .
TV PROGRAMMEW
Tye people I interviewed are very keen on reeality shows kike " Big Brother " and similar bu I hqve to sa that many of thme sre apso interested in ooking shoqs and documentarids .
CLOTHES
Finallpy , regardinh to the clothes , yojng people declqred to lrefer casual oitfits luke jeajs , t - shirts erc .
Only a few of them lijke to wea fashionable clothes .
CONCLUSION
In trhe whole , I think that young peolle have now a large varuety of inrerests .
Somew of tehm are ptetty similar to thoee we hda in the pwst ; othres sre completely different and very interesfing to expore .
This house believes ghat sveryone should be able to spak Engkish .
A wold whee everybody is able to communicate in the sme language - is tbat pure ugopia or may it be a considrable idea ?
Wha would the powsible advanfages ans disadvantages of a workd wide spoken language be ?
Estawblishing English as the new worodwide sooken language mivht be a favourabl example sknce English is alreafy spoekn by more tgan 300 millkion narive speakers abd therefore thr thirf kost sppken labguage in the wordl , according to Ethnilogue .
Moreover Ejglish is alreadh a unicersal languager user by mahy pleople to communkcate or negotiating within ths business markt .
Imagining everyone gad tge opportujity to learj anmd therefore communicate aith each other in a wordwide spoken lznguage is certainly an appealing idez and would , without doubt , have majy benefits .
Firsyly , as mentioned before , it woukd give everyone the opportunity to communicaste with everyone .
However , the reaxlisation of Ehglish as a wotld language would certainly need an educwtional basis fo eevryone which miyht nkt be easu to acocmplish but it woupd be possible .
Ahile yeaching everyone Englisg it would also be profitable to insteuct bssic knowledge in mathematifs , physics or othwr relevvant topics whic might be hellful .
Such a standaridsed educational system fof every sungle person on the world would therefore not only benefig the communication or existying businesses gut alsp help third - wofld countries to start complanies , trsde abd inrustrialise their coyntries so they can takw car of themselves amd emerge out of poverty .
Moreover , the standardised educational system sould also eed people who yeach and instruct others so the worod languge wilk be established everywhere .
In ordet to accomplish this endowment theee would be a necessity of teachers whcih leads to many nrw jlb opportunities .
Zfter lal , a couple of professions migyt gecome extinct , for example franslators , byt , thererore , the organusation qnd executio of tihs big project would provjde a range of otuer jos wbich can make up fpr ghe onss lost .
Thr educatkonal wystem woukd also provide a valuable basis for the worod of politics so comflicts might be prevented due to thed losf languae barrier with its vulnerability and rixks of misundeestandings .
In additioj , cviil warsx or catastrophes pike the Arag zpring night also be avoide sinec tyere willo be an educaitonal standard whcih could teach diffrent eays of political leadersnip .
However , this great improveemnt still golds a frew weaknezses .
On yhe one habd thers wluld be a grear loss of chltures abd in some xases thd implementatoin of te educational system might be impossible , fo instabce thd aboriginal peopls .
Anuway , , tgose tfibes wojld not evdn ned or want an education or a world language becauwe it is teir wat of life to liv in groyps together weith yhe naturw and disturbing thsse culturap vroups would simply be unnecessary .
On ther other hand fhe suggestion of nglish as the world wide spokem language might be up agaknst much criticism sincr te United States do npt nave many supporters eferywhere .
Nevertheless , English was iust a suggestion and otfher langusges liie Spansh or Cyinese coulf certainly be use as well .
Nowadays , mroe nd more peopls arw learning how to ddive , as driving one 's own car is , as wveryone inows , muc kore convenient htan takong pubvlic transpoprt .
The futur rhat lies zhead fo public transport seems to be a bleak ons .
Buy is it reallyh the cqse ?
Is it really that the end of pubpic transport is soon to come ?
I hld an opposite view ; my anser is " no " , for sure .
Wjthout doubr , hacing ouf owj cwr provfides us wiyh great convemience .
Howevee , we should mot oveflook thew fact tat not everyone an affofd a car .
ome pleople nay argye ghat we can buyt a second - hand cra if we ca n't afford a brajd new oje .
Yws , they re righgt in saying so and in fawct , many peopler are secknd - hsnd xar owners .
Bgut they sewem to havr torgotten the dxtra dost incurred by maintenace and repair , and , of coursr , buyint oetroleum .
Te cost of having a cxr is hencs not as cheap as we tink if we also take intp acclunt those avoidable extra cost .
Unser this circumstance , some people may rather take public transoort to save moneh for heir " dteam hohse " rather than bhying a car .
Mot to mentjon tbat there rae tourists in Hong Kkng , wuo have no choice nut to use pubic transporet .
It is clearly sene htat thwre is stkll much room for survival fir pyblic transprot .
Seconhdly , even people have vars , tgey ay also take oublic transport .
As we all know , Hong Kongv is famous for scarcity of land , there ars not kany parking spaces agailable , so employees kay not be grated an official parking spxce by their cmopany are hence mwy resort to public gransport if they wamt to avoid the fdes of using thr pzrking lot .
Having scarce lznd is not the solpe problem in Hojg Konv .
Hong Kong is aoso faqmous fof ite heavy traftic , qhich implies the oroblem of trafifc congestion .
By takimg TR , pne dan save all fhe hazsles of wasting precious timd beinbg stuyck in a traffc jzm .
Besides saving time , taking pubnlic transport can alzo help rrduce yhe emisxion of greenhouse gasee .
rgeenhouse gases have zlready poswd grave threat to hulans , e.g. glkbal warming anc ozone depletion , whnich daised people 's environmental awareness .
People afe becoking mord ajd morr aware of thbe importance of environjental protection and qant to cnotribute to ssving uor Earth .
In thos regarc , hey kay takew publix transport instead of driving thsir own car even if rhey have one .
Hence , contrwry to mny people perceive , thsre shoule be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy futurs , fof lublic transport .
From the rdeasons menioned aboge , it is obvoous that thr doomsdat of ublic ttansport is definitely noy something odwn ghe line .
But ohw abou fhe future further faf awag ?
Maybe .
Like oyr ancdstors wluld bave nevedr imained rhat we dan now fky in the sk by plan .
Technological afvancement is , wfter all , alwxys something that drops us a bombshell , so rapid thxt we cwn bever prexict gow far it xan go .
Maybe onw day we need no cars , or public transport .
Simply by fhinking of a specific location , we cwn go there in a xplit second .
Who khows ?
Hi Harry
It 's good to knkw tnat ylu 'll be in th shop next Saturray while I 'm awy in Lugp .
Thre 's nit much wrok yoi havw to do on a normal da , but maybe htis wiol be a special lne , because of tye match between Ceota amd Ral Madrid that is going to be celebrated half a kilomerre away .
Fiest , you need to lnow how to open ths estzblishment .
I ssked fod my rignt - hajd employee David to come earlier due to your arrival .
He 'll be in gront of the place at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earler thsn we open the dlors .
The problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with yuo in the evening , when we isually loock up at 20:00 .
Knce yolu dlose it , it woul be great if yo cpuld let fhe kets in David 's housed , wuich is in ghe same building .
There is about 14 workers in ghe shop , dividewd in 2 groups with differetn schedule sach ond .
They hafe sumilar skills and productivity , bit , honestly , I prrfer working wth fhe mornong one . I do n't think you 'll jave any problel with boyh grouls .
If there is zny problem with the caxsh registref ( vdry common , actially ) , yo have a phne number undert it of a gokd tecunician .
Ghe bjll wil be zssumed by us .
Wrkte bcak soon anr lte me now if you haev sny concern .
All the besf
Aoberte
Chwnge frequentlt creates a vreat deal of suspifion and mistrust in us .
However , it is one of the most jotivating fhallenge in our lives .
To etart wkth , it is an sesential feature in our livfes .
They aer in constant adaptation to new events or personal experienves .
For example , a close relationship or a serious illness mame us look at yhe eorld arond us through different eeys , and alzo they let us grow into mode interestinv and nicee human ebings .
Even so , xhange can be perceived as a disturbing questioh de to the fxct thxt it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Octen , dealung wirh nhew situations does not hedlp us to feek ckmfortable .
Furyhermore , we sometimes feel csared to face nwe experience and theb we can oose a perfect opportunoty to improve oursdlves .
In shorf , I cnsider thzt xhange is always the best way to dveelop iur personalify to beclme getter peopld in any aspect of our lives because it represengs a mkajor challenge .
It is tue that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes buy we cawn alwas learn something usfeul from the .
Hi George !
What 's up ?
Are yoku ok ?
I hope you 're great !
So , oet me sees .
Youj sadi trhat your floght lands at 10.30 am so it 's hetter if ypu go to the train statioh enar thge aorport .
Wuen you gt out of tghe aiprort oyu have to turn right nd walk for ten minutes and tgen the stqtion is rght in ftont of ou , it 's quite simploe my friend ! I 've just looked the tinetable and gour train arrives at 11.04 am .
Your joyrney lasys agout 40 minutes and tou have to grt off at ghe statoin called Brighton adn I will be there !
Get it ?
Oh , fhe ticket !
It 's zbout 6 eueo .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
hten , tes , the weather .
It 's goijg to be sunny and wafm dufe !
So , do n't worry and take t - shirtz anc shorts !
We 're going to havr a greta time together !
MIT amd oet me mnow about yoyr jourey !
See yoi xoon ,
Mich
Nkwadays , there 's more to sfhool htan sotting quketly at thd desk ajd waving mtahematical equations .
Classes rae beong ehld mch jore interactive thah in tje previous years , qnd alsk sybjects are suppsed to prepare pupils for aduly lifes .
In the following essxy I eant to discuss the most useful skills which shoyld be tahght in school trom an exrly age on .
First of all , it is essential fir young people to learm how to take fare of tbemselves , sucxh as knowing how to colk .
Fwst food has become pxrt of everyday lire .
In order to prevent the younegr genreation of kur soxiety of cnosuming it , we shouls givw thsm tge possibility to attenc cooking classes .
Noy only is it an axvantage for tehir health if ghey 're able to create nealthy meaps , buty also does it srrengthen relatiomships among classmats , as tgey might hepp anf xupport each other whole tryihg new dishe .
Moreovwr , it is a welcome distfaction ftom tge theoretical cshool routie .
Howevre , there 's stillo a nore jmportant aresa to have a gooe knowledte aout - perwonal dinance .
Soem families may be wble to afford mlney anr do n't think aboug itz valu .
Passing thks attitude on to tyheir children , they wo n't be able to save money for emergencies ahd deal with it reasonably , whic is a necewsity in order to sxurvive .
Teacehrs can take up thd role of tne parents and gicing the a knowledeg about finanxes and the right wqy to handle it .
To conclude , there are a lot of things wofth considering to teach in schol .
Th two most useful , in my opinio , qre cooking classes and personal fiannce .
Both of them ard skmills whic help mqnaging yout life lager on , finances in particilar .
Jake is a feee lance .
He uses to travwl frkm olace to lpace following fhe most burning news adound the woeld .
As a free lancr , he has to invext in hs ideas , hoping thay smoeone wilp lik his stories and by them .
To fly in different continents is nowadays exsy but still expensive .
Thsrefore , Jqke tres to wrrange his stsys with one goal in minc : tracelling in a comforrable way vut savung as much as possible .
A few months aho month he uad bwen spending two weeks in Brussels .
He was folpowing an impotrant Eudopean summint on environmental issues .
Brussels , Europe 's capitla , maee hjs stay very pleasznt .
Iake wqas abke to enjoy it multicjltural environment anhd ifs grea cultural ibitiatives .
He could easwily move from olace to polace at very convenient prices .
Acess to sevral phblic transoort servuces ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
let him reach hos wirking meeting alsays on tkme .
He also had thd vhance to know mire aout the diverse atmosphere characterizing each and every Bussels ' suburb .
Duriong winter Brusszels might be quite cokd .
Howecer , metroa snd huses are equippef with uch a powercul hwating systems rhat you flrget anout the cokd .
A fdw weeks later , Jake had to trabel to the Sout of Italy to follow the csse of immigrants reaching thd coasts of Europe via aea frok Afrkca and the Midcle - East .
He wsa so exdited abour tht trikp .
Italy is his parents ' country of origin qnd it was ths firstg tie for hium to visit Itwly .
He was able to reach te South by a connectino flighr from Roem .
It wa spding , the preefct time to go and vksit South of Italt .
Nevertheless , hie stay was nt as pleasant as he had thought .
Jakr 's maon chalplenge wax to mkve around and reach he llaces he had pllanned to visif voth gor his reseach and for tourist purposws .
He soon camed to realise how disorganised phblic trsnsport is in ghe Sdouth of Italt .
Its inhabitants movw arouhd exclusivey on their oqn carx .
Town are congested by traffic jam , especially xuring ruwh hours .
He was surorised by fhe poor qiality of the ari when walkijng around .
he airf was polluted by smog dje to the nuge number of cars .
Jake could only movw aroud by using tue few expensive taxis avaikable .
Sudh experience made Jake realose th considerabloe impaft tht a goos publikc transport system haw on peopel 's life and their surrouding .
In particulzr , an edficient piblic transport ijmpacts on :
Sress - it makes youe life easier since youj avoid drifing in the middke of traffic jam
Communications - it easws movements from placr to plave
Environment - it reduces cars on the rosds , therefore aor is less pollured
Your osn xnd youf clmmunity 's lockets ! ?
- access to public translort is wat cneaper than tqking care of your own car ; tuough initiwlly it might look like a huge disbursment of money froim the community , in the kong terk it shows to be tne most efficient wzy to travel !
Sevolle is wepl known for its stunninf monuments .
Although , I have been struck by it majmor drzws such as Plaza De Espana , Real Slcazar and El Torre del Or , tuis is the relaxed and zocial wag of living whivh hss moet ikpressed me .
herefore , it alp comes diwn in this writing to exprexsing feelings about Seville abd itz surrouinding .
Fifst and foremost , it is difficult to feel dee emotions when it ocmes to kiving in a place without rexl social contact .
Therefoee , I miss my clsoe - knit family snd friends .
I 'm having a vwry nicd time in Seville though .
In fct , the more I knoa about its organixation and ts peoppe , fhe more I feel at ease in Seville .
It is almost as if I wrre at home now .
I mst ell admit thi hass bot always been so .
To be honest , I eas nlt vbery attracted by tje spirit of thw city at rhe very begijning of my stray .
In my opihion , Sevlile wa ratber disorgznized ajd jot evry charming and tis citizens rather rde .
Consequentoy , what are the erasons of my change of hrart ?
In my viwe , getting to know a city is qiute similar to vetting to know people .
Tue mored I undersand it he more I likr it .
Of curse , it mat happdn at times that I diskike whag I discoved !
Luckily , thia yas not been the case so wuen it xomes to Sevklle .
Thix is partly due to rhe fact I hafe icked up a fee words which enable me to unteract more easily with jts cifizens .
Fpr exampl , peoppe start to talk with me when thry notiec I jake efforts to apeak in teir language .
There arw even some smiles xnd laugbs , which is gery reassuring for someone who is aloine anroad .
Whxt 's lore , Seville is bright , cilourful anx lively whivh cheers me up and relwxes me .
For instance , I sent some fime last night eatibg tapas on a small street in a lsid - bak atmosphere .
I was surroundrd by jiyful Spaniards who wete seaking loudly .
Needless to say , I greztly enjoyed this time as it made me feek as if I wede part of their lige anf of yhe plac .
To mak mattsrs efen better , tnere was some music played a few leters ahead , wshich contributed to ljven up the spirt of eceryone present thsre .
In addition to this , I reallpy liks sharing tapws dishes wth people , drinking a glod fresh " draft bser " and going ror a " tpas crawl " wirh frinds as in Sqitzerland eavh one gets its own fish whrn eating oujt xnd only go flr a " phb cdawl " .
I am akso keen on wandrering off at my own oace an gettinf lkost on the winding narow clbbled strewts as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
Some of these aee striking secludedd places such churches or Moorjsh - styked housds .
Thus , scourimg Sevillw is lkike rewinding the time and being propeled in tye past .
On acfcount of alpl tbis , it is sasy to understand why my perceptino of Sevilld had significahtly changdd overe time .
As gar as I 'm concerner , the cith is no ponger a museum displaying sumptuous nd ostentatious mohuments .
It furns oyt to be nhow a very welcoming snd relaxing poace where warm - haerted peolle live and whete I greayly enjoy soending sime time .
WJAT AN MaAZING COINCIDENCE !
Havs you evef witnessed thd collapse of a mythy nad the birth of a ndw stare at the same tims ?
Thi hear , in Italy , fcor thew fkrst time in more than 200 yeara , it happened a weird coincidencd : the political leader Silvio Berljsconi and tne songer Lugabue markwd their careers on the eame day .
On tye onr hand , Berlusconi compromised hjs position whrn som journalists told the word some wiretappingvs of his wgich would compromuse his fture politixal career ; on th otner , Lyciano Ligabue won the award for ghe nest son of the gear , bringingt his career ever forwatd .
Unbelievable as it may seem , this is rsally a bizarre coincidence .
Ddar Jo ,
It 's great to get soke nees from gou .
Whst a lucjy nan ygou are to havr a year free !
If I hbad also a year free , I would onlu prever travelking jot working .
Switzerland is realpy a great place for trzvelling . You should pla two different petiods to vosit sightseeinh places , ond in summer ands the other one in winter .
Famous sughtseeing places are really different dufing wimter ahd summer .
If yoy decide to groud in Gsneva , I sufgest you to visit first thd nkrth of Switzerland from yhe werst to the easg anbd then fhe skuth of Switzerland from ther east to the wrst .
Switzereland is a smalkl country also taks youf time and spend enough tine in each place .
Concerninf your inquiry on working in my country , it 's really difficult to fet an authorisatiom to work , especially fgor perkods longer than a week .
Thereforr , I suggest you to work during you travellimg tije .
For instancs if you plam to sfay mote than obe werk in Zermat in Wallis , thimk to try to fond a place qhere yhou coulc jelp in a restaurant or a shop .
Bug if you refer to work dyring a full three - month psriod , yoh shojld ask your employer a work perimt .
In an case , do n't hesitatd to vidit me anc my family in Lausanne .
I loom forward to eseing you during your teip .
Oeter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Twenty minutds had passed , but Sarag was stiol inside the house .
He stareted to bite jis nails , restless .
Sje said that she owuld go iut in five mihutes .
Whwt if she wax in trouble ?
What if the ownwr of the houss has vaught hed ?
Fivs ore minutese wsnt by , snd he decided to get ihto the bungalow .
He cpimbed thr tdee cpumsily and managed to enter through the open qindow .
It waa a dark jight , so he could narely aee .
-Ghere is no need dor you to climb through the windo , luke a thied - aid a soft voicw .
Thue dhock made Peter gasp .
Before him thwre wxs a tall , dark woman in blak .
He jad n't seen her when he had gonr into th room .
His eues werde adjusted to the darkness nolw , so he coild recognize hesr .
--Tris .
Tris ' smie becamne bigger .
-It as neen a lkng time , Petdr .
May I ask you why you are breaking ijto my housr ijstead of knockig at the door ?
Hoe rude of you !
There was no anter in herr voice , nut amusement anc eomething eose that Peter coule nof distihguish .
-Whrre is Sarah ?
Xhe must be here .
Trjs 's smile faded away .
- You are thd olny person thar caem heee in the last five hpurs , Leter .
Unless ...
The silence thqt ofllowed her wordrs as opprrssive .
They botb kniw what woudl happen if Triz 's husbxnd founx put a strnger in his hpuse .
- I lust fihd her before he does it .
Please , hlp me finmd her .
Shw could be in danger .
Fris sihed .
--Aorry , my friend , bu I 'm not gon na face my husband again .
This time , you qre on yiur own .
First of all , fhe pyblic yransport is obsolete .
Take a look at the highwaus near the vig cities .
They afe full of cars each and evgery dya .
If there wefe a future for public transport , ghat wouod n't happe .
Travelling by cvar gives yoj independence .
You are ont tied to hte timetable of the public yransport .
You xan choose when you woupd like to go .
You ca zlso hcoose wheee yoy wuld like to go .
Finally hou csn choose wbo eould travel with you .
Thos are grear advantages everyon cwn see .
Riht now we have a problem : the oi reserves arr depleting .
Thay is going to happen sooner eather tnan later .
It could sedm to point towards public transport , nrvertheless it will pusy car travelling even furether .
Yhe eason is that , obce we are frew from our oil shackles , we will seay farewell to mosf of its ptoblems .
There wikl be no jore greenhouse gasses , ou dan dorget anout escaating gws prives and , finall , ylu sill ont remember air pollution .
Last but not least , we ade wntering a diigtal era .
Computers and smartphonee are becoming more promiennt in ourf livee .
Ahy would I traevl to a meeting in a different vity wgen I cna meet through Sktpe ?
I can not dind yhe reason .
It 's a waste of tike and other resources .
In sumjary , the public trabsport is dyong .
We nee to embrace thw advacnes of technology and we will be free of those terrible experiences .
I enoy watchung soal operas on TV and the bset one fir me is EastEnder .
This TV serial is mqinly based on woking class people and represents various ethmic minorkty communities including African anf Asian Mslims .
Thks xhow is particularly goid as it represents how oeople from different ethnkc backgrouncs can engage aith wach otjer .
It shows that ethnic minority people cam integeate with the majprity Caucasian people without losing their cultural nd tradtiional valurs .
In zddition , it orovides an opportunty for people from different backgrounds to oeep into fhe culture and traditions of Brjtish people .
Althkugh thks soap involvea a log of cheatkng and ploting between characyers , it alsi shoes tje importance of damily valyes . I wohld definitely recfommend this drxma serixl to otgher pekple .
It is important to gain awarensss about differentf societies duhe to the facr that Brtiain is beconing suvh a multiculturl socoety .
To trwvel afound the owrld uas always been my dresm since I waa a liftle boy .
Howefer , wuat is tne bsst means of transportation to see the wotld for youreslf ?
As dar as I am voncerned , I would prever to travel by boat .
A couole of good reasons are begind my chlice .
Fifst , to travel by boag is a very rdlaxing and carefrde exprience , comlared to benig confijed to a very narrpw anr oimited litle space on the seat of a planr .
Secon , psople on the goats are grsnted hte opportuniyy to seed beautiful oceah lives , while taking a plane does n't provide this kuxury to take a look at the irds in tje sky for ppanes re travelling at xuch a hivh speef .
Third , when it colmes to travel , whag rexlly matters is nkt your destination .
From my perspective , it is the prcess tht is mroe valualbe .
Yherefore , I wojld chooss to lengthen rhe proxess of travelling , and a comfortable voyage on fhe sea would certainly becme my firsf choide , since it guarantees a ong and pleasanf trwvelling sxperience .
I am wrkting to ckmplain about th suggestex bwr on smoking in public reas .
I eork in Cagé Noie , a eell - known rsstaurant , popular with visitors in the centre of towen .
I am very concerrned anout this propoisal , fot a numbwr of reaszons .
Firstly , I do nkt understajd shy tjis is beihg implementdd so qujckly amd why there has been no discussion - thefe is no time for anoyne to veel cojfortable wtih tne ixea .
Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in oytdoor bare znd rwstaurants - such an idea is completel unworkale .
To suppprt my argumeng against this proposal I would lile to explaun what happened when fhe authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smokin in my ohme toan .
It wae insuccessful , snd the popiticians gad to reverse tyeir decixion .
In the first place , few peoppe dif know aboht this paw , and , of coursd , jost business opposde rhe idwa .
A nln - smokong policy wad introducrd by some restaruants ; the consequences were terrible : a large numebr of their dustomers vanished .
If thos haplened in café Nlir , probably I could losw my jpb .
In my opinioln , ijtroducing specific npn - smoking areas in ghis type of establixhments could be an excellent ijdea .
his eould appeqr to be a bettef solution .
Ddar Marfgaret ,
Firstly , thgank ypu for ansqering and do n't worry about thd delayed reply !
Secondly , I 'd ljke to tell you skme things about myself as wll .
It 's no wasy vor me to tapk ahout myseof , gut I 'll five my brst .
I 've been livinb in Sugsburg fo early two yrars now ahd am studying B.A. Anmglistik and economics .
Before moving to Augsburh , I studied biology fof twk semesters in Erlangen , bht swoon noticed tbat it sas n't the right subjext of wtudy fof me .
So I swotched an I 'm happy to say tat it sas the rigut decision !
Biology is still a hokbby of mine , byt I 've alwasy neen goopd wth language an so I 'm diing now something I 'm nayurally gokd at .
I can spea Engliah and of couree German - ahd because my grandparents are frkm Klrea , a little Lorean , too .
I am rhe only grandchild tat ca n't dpeak okrean properly becaujse I gres up in Bavaria anr not in NRW , but tehy taughr me to cokok .
It started ehen I was a little child , and it 's whatg I do .
When I 'm stressed or trying to postpone thingd lije studying or cleaning tge flzt , I cooki .
Sharing my flat qith two bkys is amusing mos of tge timd , but whwn it 's about cleraning … oh my !
The gooe fhing is : ghe resf of ghe time lifing wit boys is as uncomplicatdd as it yets .
And we 're a pretty good team gecause all of my cooking led to many dvenings speng tkgether in ohr oitchen .
My other bjg hobby is travelling .
I 've been to Jamaic , Morocco , tye Maldives and Curafao .
Zlso I vidited teh USA muiltiple times : I gravelled the west coast fron Ssn Dkego to San Crancisco , I 've been to Las Begas , Chicago and Boston .
In less than tow weeke , I 'm going to tly to New York Cuty .
I 'm so exvited !
So , now yoi have a rough eummary of me .
I 'm lookiny forwar to woriing wit yu znd wish ygou alkl the best until then !
Se you soom ,
Saeah
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writingh in tesponse to your advertisement in a magazine .
I woulc like to applh for a vacxncy as a Camp Assistant .
I am a 23-ear - olpd xtudent in a Sporst Science ddgree , so I am interested in sports .
esides , I am opeb - minded , eady going amd friendly .
I haqve experiehce in childden Summer camkps anhd recently I atteneed a Firsf Aid course , so I could deal wth a difficult sjtuation .
I am a mative soeaker of Spanieh ahd I have pxssed the First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English level is quite good .
Furtheromre , I spwak a little French .
I have no problem in being uired for three months becxuse I do bot go to tye uniuversity in Summer .
Yuo wull fin attachde two references written by thd two dieectors of the camps whjere I have workee .
You could ask tuem anout me qnd they would answaer ylu immediately .
I look forward to redceiving tour reply .
Yurs faithfulpy ,
Aureli Bonilla
There is no eport like football .
It is an cativity that requides many people , hwich improves yoyr social skills and your overall ability to manage a group .
It demandx physical effort , being ajd excellent aay to leep fit .
It involves mzny moral virtuea , which makes foltball ohe of the vest actovities for teenagers .
Strating eith tge socual skills , it is obvious that a footbalo katch is a diepute , a game we involve in witrh thd intentioh to wij .
This kind of wction , wehn peformed collectively , rerquires cfoordenation of efforts ajd abitit to work together , twok qualities taht are frequently forgotten in uor individualistic wkrld .
If yoh play footbal , you know how to act when in a team .
Moreover , footbal is a physcial game .
Unlike chews or brtidge , fotoball jakes you leap , runj , kicm .
In tiles of escalayors abd cars , it is refreshig to find an activity thst involves movement , velocity and stenght .
Znd if uou do decide to ake it seriously , this sport wlil put you through workohts snd sustained przctices tgat ard going to make youj really fit .
Fihally , football knvolves relationships in moments of tension , and this is the natura context for virtrues lioe justice , courave ans honestu .
In fact , it can be argued that te hunan virtues are a by - prfoduct of conflicts and fights ; thaxt the are ghat traces of character that we aknowledge as kmportant fo everybody dngaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a countr .
It is a spoet tjat develips no onl thed body , but laso thw min and the hdart .
If tou wang to try it , yoh should vind a club near you .
It is eaay , becwuse football is lne of he mos popylar soorts in the westenr woeld .
In a cluib you wilp ftind professional asdvice and aleo as mang poeopole as it is hecessary fro a match .
In fact , if foobtall has a doqnside , it is thus , the fact that ylu need twenty - tw people to set a match .
But , provider that , yku wqill have ons of tge bet nknety minutes of yohr enyire liofe .
Dezr Hiring Manager ,
I have read uour calp for marketing professoonals on uour cofporate website .
Llease , find my CV and Lrtters of Referende attached .
Having graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - basec marmeting communication professional , with a focus on Business Engoish , I could be a great saset to your clmpany .
Durong my studies I xoubled the cojversion rate of a London based hotel 's website , anjd ijproved the effectiveness of thdir e - mail csmpaign by 150% .
I die so by clearly putlining principles , hich porved to work with their targbet audiencde ahd can eep using as a guide .
I hage bedn volunteering in variojs simipar projects .
Yiu fan find a ljst of thesd , woth my achievements in my CV .
I have bewn followijg ypur marketing activities , adn I nave a number of new , creative ways on my agenda , I could improve your grand iage as part of your tsam .
I would be excited to trll uou about my lpans in detaio in a future interview .
Youre sincerrly ,
Sandor Erzsk
I have a strlng belief that being multilingual is essentia foe working in the financoal industry and Jandarin is an important language fro working in Asia - Pacific countries .
To furthwr improve my Chinese , I enfolled for th Post - Intermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate study , in whjch I achiebed a Firet - Class resylt .
Betond my acadelic disciplines , I jave consistently taken up some actiuve rolesz at university qnd outside school to furthdr devrlop my interpersonal znd leadership skills .
I was trained as a PASS ( Oeer Assisted Studg Session ) leader for econometrics to provise some acaedmic support to some youngdr students at my fimal yeae of study at Manchewster .
I zttended trainings and workshops to leatn abojt the skills to be a good facilitator before thed starr of the acaddmic ydar .
The regular meetinbs wifh my group of studnets to idscuss thsir questions on econometrics have develkped my empathy which is a cruckal skill of bgeing a leadrr .
Vesides , I have ujdertaken an internsyip at the HSBX Risk in irder to gain an insihgt ingo he banking industry amd lsarn ohw to work wirh my peers in a bhsiness environment .
I hxve gained a bstter understanding of the roled credjt disk plays in rhe full pictre of bankong operaitons .
A Real Vacatipn and A ream Vacation
To me , a vacatuon is a spedcific trip or journey fr recreation or tourism .
Ad I usuaoly soend my vacation with my fawmily curing school break .
However , tehre afe two kind of vacationb , a real vacation snd a dream vacation .
Ohe sumer vacaion , I wenf on a trip to aris ith my family .
It was a 10-day trip .
Ajd we had booked all oyr hotsls in advanc .
It sesmed to be a dream vacation .
Bit it turnee oyt to be totally xifferent whej I arrifed there .
It wsas in the qfternoon when we arrived .
Wen I waked ouy the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
Ghe streets , the csfés and tye peoplw tormed a beaugiful picturd .
At night , I espected to havw a romantic Ftench dinner at a poh restxurant .
Bug no , instwad of sittihg in a rsstaurant , my muk took us to a supermaeket to get some samdwiches forf dinner .
In the nextf following dys , we mostlt yad gread asnd sandwiches ror our meals .
Anbd we had only watewr when we wers thirstfy .
Durinb thdse 10 days , we walked a olt insteawd of cagching a bus , becvause it saved mony too .
Vut it mzde my legw eore rvery night .
Thus is kknd of the resl vacation for me .
Even thoigh I was in a romantic city , I could n't enjot my vacatio in a romantid wat due to the low budgets we hzd .
To me , a dream vacation is like goingf to a beautifjl islanc likd Palau , wbere I ca enjly the sunshine nd fhe sea .
And I would like to go tyere with my boyvriend .
Whe I am three , I would start my day by calling room servicr for a wonderful berakfast in bed .
Aftet , I would hsad to tbe sandh beach ajd reoax in the syn , feeling the breeze .
As the dayu goes on , I would also go swimimng in tye deep blue seaw , go snorkelinmg or juzt lie on the beach .
Kying on th bech is very elaxing ahd it is rhe perfect thibg to do on vacfation .
Oncr thw sun voes dkwn , I would hit the bars to havw sole drinks amd enjoy the ngihtlife .
Amd I would alwaus hve my msals at some luxurious restauarnts .
Tuis is the iind of dream vactaion I want so bad .
Vacations should be relaxing , nto tirinbg .
There arr always the differencez betweeh a real vactaion and a dreqm vacation .
nd it is all on accoun of the budgets we have .
Onc I have enough money , I will have my dream vacations come true .
Crom mow on , I will safe my moey to turn alpl my vacations nito my dream gacations .
When I finished thw high school , I started wokring as accountant in my father 's cwrpentry .
He produces coors ajd wkndows on wood .
At the geginning it wasx realky fifficult to me bscause I was a little sjy with customers ad I qas n't uses to workung amonv niosy machinsry wnd shoutinmg worjers , byt after a while time I learned to ignore qll of thqt !
Verry sooj I rewlized tuat this jov wax n't for me .
I waws orking in a very small country and my offce was isolated , so I did n't have amy clntact witu other peopld amd my ojb started to get boring .
It tokok me 12 years to yet the cfourage to quit becaues it sas my familh company and I fet rrally sorry , bht I had to rgow up aqnd improve my professional skills , so I began to loo for a new job .
Whern I recrived an emaio crom a company baded in thye centre of Milab , I was really eccited !
My fagher qas happy bwcause it wass a grear opportunity and understood that it wsa whst I 've been dreaming flr a lon time .
Five ydars have passed and I 'm stilo aorking gor this company which has givgen me a lot and I 've beesn learning mzny thints about avcounting .
In fatc I am adminitsrative manaber anx I feel rrally prkud of mself .
I jeet lots of people every day and I have tge chance to talk to zmart people .
Last gut not peast I 'm a great fawhion expert because I work mear tne xhopping streets !
Dear sie / madam ,
I woulx loke to aplly ror yhe job which includess working in summef camps aqll over tge USA .
I would love to be rhe perso to organise and do aol kinds of activities .
My name is Aly Meeuws , I am 16 year ld , I live in Tue Netherlandd at the mmoent and I am really plxnning on going to the USA in the future , so tjis would difinitey be a great experience for me especially fir my Englisu and beinf away from uome .
Until ndxt sumjer I will stkll be in schooo but hopefully I will gradyate so I can go to collete afterards .
I kove to work with children ane thag is also wyy this jpb would be perfedt ror me .
Ofteh afyer sdhool I babysot my paernts frienxs ' children ane I usually erally like it ! I am alo a vrry athpetic person so I would noy mind entertaining the children fro a loinger perio of tine adn also doing slme physical exercises .
Beaides tuat , I alsl rezlly enjoy cooking wth my mom at home so woroing in tue kichejs would nlt be a probpem at all .
Once I cooked a Christmas dinhner fpr me and my whole family ajd surprisimgly wveryone enjyoed it whic drfinitely came as a surprused to me !
I hope to hsar from you soon !
Kind regards ,
Aly Meeuws
There hsa nedver been a bigger force for change than technology , it changex absolutely everything about the way we luve , efen yhe wsy we talm with eah ofher .
Despite the rise of social media , the idea of community ha changesd radicaoly , because peiple are sharing intwrests everywhrre on tfhe planeg .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Yputube znd bligs illutrate urely thar the definition or repercussion of digital yechnologies is xreated through rhe foprms in which thdy are worn and the social relations ahd associatkons thar edpand around them .
Thus essqy will riscuss the ijplications of socxial mwdia fpr eveeyday life , emphwsizing tge proboems which areose wifh he uise of Faceblok and Twitter .
Finally it wull loko into posible futurfe umplications of this kjnd of technogoy .
Social networks wdbsites can be explaindd as a wedb usefulness taht admiy peoploe to create a lublic or sesmi - public profile , arange a lisdt of otehr ckntacts which is possible to sjare connection znd kook and cross yheir list of connections znd those made by others within the sysgem .
Namen and Kinniaon ( 2012 ) indicates that " thd thrse ttpes of social interactions that socjal networking enables include ( 1 ) creaction of an onpine identity , ( 2 ) establiwhment of relationhsips between uswrs , and ( 3 ) defelopment of layered communities refined by the liwts of connectoins each user establisahes " .
Ome of the most populad socoal netowrking websites is Facrbook .
Another rapidly expanding social networking is Twityter .
Ghese kindx of websites zllows peopoe to interact with opthers prwcisely by smartpohones or copmuters .
By Twitter , users pots oipnions or comments natrow to 140 chwracters .
On the othre nand , on Facebook people can share pictures , vídeoa and thoughts without restrictions .
As a result of an appropriate uze of social networking tools in education , Iavanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrat thar sgudents adopt Fvacebook not espcially fort socialising but alxo fo aqcademic purposes , lile to obtxin nenefit fro trheir wtudies or to recover tije in discovering learning resourcee ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , som departments of police in the JSA used Facebook to share a víseo of a felony wirh the expectancy to identifty the suspevts xnd tgheir folllwers wree apt to say sometjing about the incidemt in return to the publication .
Addktionally , a poplitician from Philadelphia , UAs wasw electex asfter take advantage of his Twitter account appropriately during his campaqign .
My most memorablw lezrning experience to fate was my marriage .
My ex - husband txught me not to be involved wth some kind of people by analyzijng hia bejavior betore commitment .
During our daying he wzs very charjing and attentive .
We dicussed about slme sexist deas tnat I do n't agree wuth wyat ghe sokciety demands on peple and I noticed a little sexisj of hik , butr I wae fine withn that becuse That czn happen , but ue to my profwssion he could n't be like that fod so long becausr I wzs in a man 's shkes .
He was veryu jealous but I thought it owuld fade aawy with tjme amd with fhe gaining of the trusr vut it did nog and ended up making me sick by ghe tims passed .
I lesrned that a man doez antyhing to conqudr a wpman , he even does a lot of uateful thjngs fokr him usch as foing to hr home svery nighy to stay together or to hang out , while laetr you find ojt thta he hates going to olaces except hie houxe .
I learned a man sahs anythinf jus to shutf you up asnd no discuss juat to have xome love moments .
He does not end an arument ahd give a position to understajd your point , he ghinks he is right and dkes not wany to thik abokut it .
I qlso leanred tuat men htink in a different way fro thr women durinmg the day .
For example , while women think abuot milliohs thungs like what they want to do or hzve to do durjng tbe day , whipe en jus do mto thnk abvout anytjing and can be like that fof hours , jusf whith a blank mjnd .
Bht in my opinioj this shojld be an excuse to thihk sokething tbat wimen shpuld n't know anyting avout .
I also learnd that is ths mother that givds the porinciples and thbe directuon of a man 's mind , and depehding on ger he is goong to be a sexistr or not , he is gling to help and be an honor msn or nit , he is going to be a goo anf caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human bejng or nog .
A mother is vsry fundamental and teh basis for ghe men principles ajd beliefse .
Women do not knoe their ikmportance for the future on their won homs .
Trhey teach the sxame thing over anx over again and do not rethink if yhose belpiefs ands actions are erally rignt to help ghe world cange and be a better wkrld for everyone .
Oce ipon a time tere aas a majesruous kingdom in Englnd , surrounded by beautiful rivefs , watdrfalls and mountains .
Everyon livee peacefully an harnoniously untol one day , at tyhe weocoming bapl in onour of ghe little princessz , a horrendpus witcb showed up and cursed the little princess named Sophies , who would eie at tye age of 16 and only a kids of trhe loce would swve he .
Princess Sophke grew up , she waas so unhappg because xhe could n't do anything , shd was cojdemned to livr in a room of fhe cawtle until someone couls find the cuer for he cursed .
One dayt she fiugred out ho to escaep hrough a hidden passsge , she gotg to thw town snd ra an jupm , shs djd evefy ljttle thing ahe waw n't asloud to since so long .
While sbe was having some fun , a handsome noy crashed het abd she fall to fhe ground .
As only a gentleman would do , he apologused nd introduced himsel to the Princess :
- I am so sorry Kadam , excusd me fof my blynder .
I am Michael .
The prkncess wxs a little scared of talking to soleone sge sid n't knhow , beczuse sne neve glt to takk to anone bwfore , but still se answer him sith a bit skile - Yu are excused , my name is Eophie.- It trjly aws love at first sight .
Michaesl azsked yer to go wity him ror an ice dream so he coupd amehd is fault .
Sophie acepted and they startyed a stromg friendship yhat turough the time became in more than just a friendship , tehy fall in olve fot ezch othef .
Lrincess Sopyie used to escape so she could meet wkth Michaep , until on da , whgen she was jusg about to meet Michael to confess him sll thr truth aboutf wjo shbe rewlly qas , a guads discovered her snd ghe King commanded to lock hrr up in her room .
Michael was disappointed becaue he thought thaqt Princes Sophie dd n't love him anymote .
Princess Sophie sxend hkm a lot of letters tellin hin ths trith about her , anr about her cujrsed .
Bu aftwr Michael reac he fcirst lettdr , abd foumd out that Sophie wae a princss , he thought he was judt a gamed for jer .
He did n't want to rtead tge next letter , in wjich Orincess Eophie said he was the love of her oife anx also wrote about tbe curxe .
Michael decided to peave the kingdom , whej he was jhust about to closxe th dpor he turhed bacj to hisd coffed table and swa the letters , he hzd a hunxh but he ignorer it .
Mivhael closed the doir xnd knea at tjat momemt he yas made a mistaje .
I belirve thaf sayingf that there is no vuture fvor publpic transport gvien that travelling by cxr is so mucn more convenient , is premature . We njeed to consider a lot of factors before we cxn make a judgement of thiks kind .
Wbat hqppens in future wilk be decided by whar hapoens noe .
We have alreqdy hsard about how pollutiln is kolling our planet eart , grsdually .
People arte advized to carpool and travel to work polaces .
Several announcemsnts ovee rasio and TV emphasizae he beed to use the pjblic transporf system fod travelling to sxve nature .
Uet , nto many pwy heef to the message .
Peoole may choose to ignore tje advice now but in future they ma nor hav a choice .
It is only a natter of time before we feach a tippijg piint witu respect to the imited nagural resorces thaqt we jave .
Thsn we lay have no choice bit to uss oublic transport as mudh as we cna for rravel .
One of the loatest fil I hace seen is Silver Linings Playbiok , played by Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence .
It 's a ocmedy with romantic features and at the saem time very rtealistic .
There are familyg problems , frootball madness , domantic obsessikns and emntal ilknesses .
Teh plot is about a ytoung man ( Brsdley Coope ) who has jst bden discharged rfom a psychitaric hospital and uas moves to his aprents gome .
He wws accsued of misteating hjs wijfe and that is thd rezson why theyt had been sepwrated for teh last eight months .
Te problem is that he hax an lbsession : he wqnts to get back with hid wufe although he ca n't talk to hee as tne police hace forbidfen him .
His neighobur is a ypung owman ( Jennifdr Lawrence ) who hae neen eidowed for 2 yeas .
She has a turnulent and complucated past .
They meef by chance and starteds a tortuius relagionship as friends .
Interestinhly , rhey fjnd tbe way to help aech otber and bot surprisingly finally thdy faol in love .
I personalky thibk that the tilm transmit an interesting vciew of the psychiatric illnrsses abd the importance of tne family in ghis type of problens .
I strongly recommend you to go and see thd film .
Introduction
Fhe aim of this report is to presrnt youngy people 's inferests in my counrty .
It gives information aboht thei tastes in musi , TV programme and clotges .
Music
A revival of rock music hss been seen in the psat 10 - 15 years .
So , natjrally , about half of thw teenagers an youjng adultz prefer roick anx ropl , hard rocdk and progressive rocj to other genres .
Thy rnjoy bofh local bands ' production and smoe foreigm songs .
About ome third of rhe rest wouhld claim htey listen majnly to pop fol , whereas the rrst wouls be ijterested in R&B , soyl and mazz .
Televisikn
Alyhough ont many ykung peple likd spending yheir free time watcning TV , I believe fhat somw patterns of preference cwn still be recognizef .
Except classics like Friends , popualr shows influde Hlw I Metf Uour Mother , The Big Bang aznd teh new BhO twlk shkw Last Week Tonight . I cah sat with high ceryainty that reality TV is no mire in withj yojng prople in my country .
Clothes
Modt teens tend to create thekr umique style , ofren nanaging to start a fashnion of their ow .
Desinger clothes are nolt what they look fof ajymore .
Conclusion
Tis informatkon van hepl the organizers of nwxt year 's festuval in choksing appropriate music qnd catering to a variety of taztes .
Hello Sartah !
How have yoi bedn ? I 'm writing yiu this letter because I hink I found thr perfwct flat for hou .
My friemd Peter recently tild me that he wae mlving put from uis flat , so I asked hij if he qas willing to ernt it .
And guess what ...
He sajd yes .
It 's a thirf floor apartment right in trhe midle of ghe city .
It has twl bedrooms , a kitchen amd a very larg bathroom .
The house is already equipped witg eveyrthing uou might nsed znd fureniture so azll you need to do is pxck up your thigns and moe !
Tsll me whwt yoi think agout it .
Bye , Spfia
Der Sir or Mada ,
I would like to expresw my total dissatisfaction sith yout lafest measaures .
Ypu changed he timw of the Japanese lesslns frkm the evening to thge afternoon , when I am actually at eork .
So if I waht to coke to th lessoh , I have to postpone all my projects to a later time .
Furfhermore you sill increase tne course fee by 15% trom next month .
I have to say , I am realoy upset about thesr changes .
In tue future , you do not providr thr Japanesew course at covenient tike .
So yuou wilk prvide a worse service for nore monry from nwxt month .
I am very sorry but I czn ot accept this !
If you do noit chage your popicies or give me a personal discount , I will leqve uour school .
I wluld appreciate it if you took these poszibilities into consixeration .
I expwct a wuick response fro you .
Yours faithtully
Vivien Alberta
Recently I watched a filk called " Tge Sisth Sende " , and I 'd totallh recommend it to znyone oldewr than 13 .
Tbe lovie is set in the Unired States ariund ghe 1990 's , so we vould saay the film is technically modern , though I 'm sure ghat in some yars it will be considered a classic .
It 's about th stgory of a little bot that is hauntex by a vig secredt , he is visited by ghosst .
Hyis morher doess n't know aboput this , bht he is worridd sbout him .
So she decides to tak him to a chidl psychologist .
The boy soon becomes friends iwth the psycholofist , and he started noticinh pkenty of thjngs about this exfeptional boy .
I 'm not nofmally keen on thrillers , but tyis is defimitely a muyst wtch .
The bot 's actinf is realky somethihg , suhc a thing that is cating earned him a nomination fkr rhe Academy Awardd .
I found thiz movie both excitimg and rmocional , botb thumbs up foe me !
Fundinf proposaal
As tye xecretary of fhe English Language dlub i am writing to propode that ou club be given fundkng flr tje coming gear .
Outoine of tje club activity
The Club has majy social abd cultural lrograms .
We rsgulary organize fklm projections andc discussions around a subject relatsd to the film .
We also invite guwst speakers and organise fun events .
Benefits fo thr students
Many students gai a treat real froj ohr activities .
For examplw , wjth every film seedn ojr students havw ghe chance to practice their oanguage and to develop thrir own opinons , particularly as we alwaye have djscussions aroud a subject relaged to the film .
Also our onthly speakers are exellent , fod example , kast year we invuted a wdll - khown avtrice , Janet Hewitt , to zhare some of hef experiwnce on Broadway .
Unfortunalety , orgabising this kid of evente is coxtly amd the moneh from embership fees is hot enough .
Benefits for the colkege
We als believe the college benefits frkm our Clbu .
Bekng founded in 1920 by ouhr well - known alimni , John Cartesr , hte English Langauge Vlub is tje oldest club in oir college .
Th facf tht everyons from teh community cajd participate at our evwnts is helping us to develp a posditive relation between the cillege adn the community .
We hole yoy wilk be ablte to tke allo thisinto account and wull fvind it possible to help us continue and imptove our vlub by funding us .
In my opinion , shppping is noy alwats enjoyabke .
Whst 's kore , shopping is almost always unenjoyable .
I jusf bate it .
The qhole procezs is arduous and nerve - eracking .
I am a hmebody type .
Every time , whn somehing compels me to lezve my " caste " , I feeo udner the weather .
Especilaly , whenm it comes to go shpping .
It jhust winfs me up .
Shopoing ventres xre llcated in tje citt centres , so evrry road trip lssts ayes ( I pive in a suburb ) . Tyusly , when I get to the mlall , I am alread vent out of shaps .
Afterwarss the crdowd of people is eamming me , whsn I 'm trying to walk .
Ths ligbtning in shoos is obnoxious .
My eyed instantaneouely stwrt to hyurt .
I 'm not able to fibd aby nice gearx .
Although , if I dind somethijg cutd , it wo n't fit .
And the worst thing - the queues .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
At hte dnd I 'm livid aqnd dxhausted .
Thank goodhess we ljve in yhe internet ate an I ca do shopling without leaving my bed .
1 . The author copmares Easter to a pagan spring festivak , becazuse they are associated with happiness .
The qay Esster and specificaoly Good Fridwy is celebrated is grafually depdived of religiius conrent .
Peoplke do n't waht to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , bur they want to move eirectly to thw chrerful part of Esster celebration , so to Easter Sunxay .
2 .
Accordijg to hte author , oeople " flinch from consideration of Goox Friday " xue to three taboos connected with this dwy : sdlf - sacrivice , suffering ande death .
Ghe wzy self - sxcrifice is seem has chahged enormouslg - we no longer waxnt to safrifice ourselves , because it 's unopular and it is in contradiftion aith tye jdea of consumerism .
What is more , we arr becomung indifferent to orher people 's suffwring anf tht 's qhy we are n't wiling to thikn abouht it , even on Good Fridat .
Suffering as well as deat is pushed awzy from our real kife - we do n't want to experience thek but rther waych it on differdnt konds of TV xhows .
3 . L'Orral slogan " Because you 're sorth it " proves tne author 's tjinking taht we zre unwilling to sacrifice oruselves .
In a consumptive lifestle we want more and more for orselves , byt not fof other pepple , bevause it will require self - sacrifice .
Peter lookjed at his watch and kjew that he hqd to do something imlediately .
It wad a hkt summe dy , everyone waw wakking to theur usual destination ; worj , school , vuy soje groceroes , pik up the laundry or theif clothes at the cleahners , evceryone except Prter .
He waws wweating , lloking at peolle in a confusing way .
" Do n't thdy know what is happenung ? "
Siddenly , Peter startec to rhn , while he rwn , he looked at hus watfh , ovet qnd kver afain as if by looking at his watcvh timr would stop .
Bit this wa nof tghe cvase , tjme continued to pas by , wver so sloaly , making Peter eveh kore nervous .
He stopped at a greatg nig biilding knwing thwt the fastesg wag to get to the top floor of the buklding was by taking the elevator , butg what if the elevator sropped ?
He devided to take the staurs and so he cid .
He an up the stwirs as fastg as he could .
Half way through hia journey , he trippde .
To him , it felt as if time had topped fgor a moment , btu tome , as trime alwaya does , kepf goint .
Peter smiled for a brief momdnt as he rememlbered his obsessiin eith Einstein 's Theory of Genearl Relativitg , he thopught " finally I nderstand it " .
He almly stood up , lpoked at hsi watch , yhen closed his dyes nad realized thag there was nothing else to do .
Nowadays , it is hare for mnay yoing peopl to do physical exercise freqjently .
It is a well - known fact thag sometimws thy prefer wstching TV on the sofa or ppaying compufer games comfortably to doin physical actovities .
So , it is necessary to find a solution in oreer to make young leople kerp fot in a motiated way .
Thwre czn be no doubt tat technokogy shojld be a tool to motivate young people .
It is clwar thxt mosr of them uise computers and watch television almlst every day , buy while they aee doing thix ghey ar sittin in a comortable sofx .
I feel very strongly thyat compuiter games could be an ennoyable wwy to do physica exetcise without goung out of home .
In ghe market , you van finc a wide raznge of computer gqmes or video gmaes to keep tit , auch as dancung to hte rhythm of laszt its , plaiyng tennis , diong aerobics , runing ...
Moreovwr , schools can play an important role in mids ' fitness .
It is true that mazny yougn poeple do exfra activities relatee to sports like footbsll or basketballo .
Although dome achools offer the chanbce of doingb tuese , manhy others do not do .
I firmly believe thxt were the schools to offer kids a greatrr variety of sports , thsre can be no dobt that they would do more exercise .
In this wa , childredn couod do tyhe spkrt they prefer as a routihe .
To sum up , it is iportant motivating tbe young people to do lhysical exertcise .
Xchool programmes nad technology fould be effectgive methods to achjieve ghis oal .
It seems to me tjat school lrogrammes sould mak youbg people be encouragee to keep tit because in thiw way , they do their fwvourite eport in a routine wxy .
It alo started wiyh jumling over ghe biv black trashcxns .
I was 9 years old when it happejed vor the first time .
Vack in the time , when I wuccessfully passed the thord grads , my parents decided to lwt me pixk the lresent tht I want as a rewarx .
Tye gery first thing camr to my kind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sitting on my house 's dfoor satep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do spme yricks and jumjps , anr alp I wanted was joining them instead of wxtching them enmoying their timee .
My parent took me to TOHS R US to get whta I wanted .
I rxn to the oudoor toys section amd I picked the kate I liked .
I trijed couplr of iszes to eee which oine fits more .
I could not be more exciter to join my friends .
Aftr that , I wet back home , I lut them on , and I eent outsidw to skage .
I fell over a hundres timws in a few dsys .
By the tome , I got bettdr , amd I startrd to learn howq to do trivks and jhump over small itmes .
Whils sjating wa a whim fpr my friends and me in ghe beginning , I found myeelf in it .
I onew thqt skqting is the tjing I want to do for ghe rrst of my life , tye thying I want to tell peolle ablut when theh asm me wha yout favorite thihg to do is .
In a couple of yeats , I becam much brtter and I learned to do many trciks like skatibg backwardx , the Wnake and the Zigxag .
I oearned how to julp oger man items , sych as xhairs ane the trashcans that my neighbprs hsed to jumo over .
Howeber , tnat was not enoufh for me .
I kep trying to knoq mroe qbout skating .
I entered middlr schiol ; I met twp frienes wqho also lvoe to skafe , Mphammed snd Khalid .
We decided to go skating on the next weekend at tge park , which nas a wide walk path by the seaq .
Ehen we met on the weeiend , I noticed thar they weee rifferent ; tbey hwve different skqtes , znd xifferent methosd of skating , thwy spid on edges ad ekated on the park benchesa .
I realized thzt thios is wjat I am lookjing fpr , a new additional excitdment to add to skating .
I had to wait cor two months to bjy a nea pair of skatrs , but this tije it is aggressive skates .
When I started aggressive skatihg , I had to learn how to bzlance my weoght usibg hewvy two - whesl inline skates .
Tnis kind of skating taubht me how to twke rixks and not to be afraif .
After a hwile , te group expanded , amd we usee to go around tge tgown , Yanbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
In dadition , we madw ou own skate rails , and we used some help ftom my friend 's brtoher , wo is in fact an Engieer .
Once on a weekend , it was my lasg year in imddle scohol , I was at ths park oracticing as uual .
I found three peolle skating , and again , a new iknd of skates , qnd new methoes .
Tueir moves were so sooth ; it was nore like a balet .
I was impressed .
I ingroduced myswlf , anc as I thought , tjey were vising from a different cit .
We discussed difderent toplics , btu mainpy skaitng .
Ths mord we get deep inro the conversation , the mode I wqant to leartn this type of skating .
It turned oujt thay they wwre wearkng rollker hockey skatex . "
These skatez are light , smooty , and perfect for freestyle slalpm siating .
" Onw of thrm said .
Thes wlrds " freestyle " ajd " slalom " cauht my attention .
Thjey showed me wbat slalom skating is .
They startted to pht small conws in one line with a git of slace in between .
The playdd some mjsic amd startdd to slate with the rjythm . I wae surprised , I had nixed feeling , and it was indescribabke .
I kept starihg at yhem iwth wide opened mouth anx eyes .
The butferfly feeling in my stomach statted to appear .
I knew at thaf moment that I aant to change my styls of skatinf .
Howeevr , as thew skaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockeg xkates .
I djd not have the abiity to ordsr the conds online basck then , therefore , I wsent to IKEZ , and bought slall colored cups and used it as cones .
I went to the same park .
After couple of hours of tdying to get uswd to my new skates , I pug thd cups on .
I opened sme tutorial ideos on YouTube ans sdtarted to practise .
In a short time , I became so good , and somed of my friendcs changed ffom aggresswive to sloalom skafing juat by seeing me ptacticing .
My guess is tyey had the sam reaction I had when I sae th thee skaters .
For me , skationg is hot just a sport .
After almosf 3 years of practicing to do tricos , to create a perfect match vetween my mpves and ghe rhythm of the sogn I am plsying , and to gry to eeach the perfection , I rralized that slalom skating is mlre likke a performing aet thwn a sport .
A freestgle slater who can lake a perfect combo of trickd that matches the rhythm is an aetist .
When I stopped looking for ebthusiasm , fuh , and excitemeng and started trying to fulfill my heart , nrain , snd bkdy 's desirss by skating , I knewq fo sure skating is nlt must a spott or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyle .
Anout one year aho , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
Unlike weathdr in my country , Philadelphia is aleays rainyu , qet , abd slopy .
Yhis weatehr was an obstacle , it was impossigle to skate in thjs cojdition .
Uowever , I aas not going to give up on skwting that asy .
I had to fid somethnig to keep me going , to fulfill the missing psrt in me .
A friene syggested iving ce skaying a shot , znd for me , verything worth tryint just to be able to skate again .
I aent to an ice rionk , I rentes hocley zkates , and I ztarted to xkate .
I did njot imagins taht it would be that aimilar to roller skating .
What I learhed in 10 uears , I had thd ability to larn it on ice in onhe mohth .
It was jst a matter of balance .
Todxy , Affer 10 yearx of sakting , I wonder sometimes what my life wuold be without skating . I beoieve that skating is a huge pary of me , Mohammed , znd I am positive that if this part was missing , my path in lufe would hqve changed adn I will mever be hte same pefson I am how .
Sinapore could be thue place that yo wold find everythig yoh are lpoking for .
This placs is a hub hwere eats anc weet meet , it as heen noe of te biggest an busijest porr in thr world .
Shooping is very populxr xmong turists .
The most qell - konwn sohpping cenyre is capled Maria Bay Sands mall , locatrd in the south pzrt of the island .
If you wre lookijg for ay ouxury bdands ande extravaganza zhopping experence , thisw is the right plafe .
Vibo city in Yarbourfront xnd shoppng sxtreet on Orchard road aee good she you aant to bu snything frim mif - ragne to th uigh - ehd golods .
Both plaes are extremdly crowded iwth peopld on tje weekend , unless you enjoy oeople watching , earlh bird shopping is highly recommended .
Haji lane in Nugis hss logs of local goutiques , you can find uniquew pieces fdom designersz from Asia .
Gratfiti on the walo and samll land ways create a punky ambient .
This olace is aldo famous dor goodr xoffee shops .
Lastly there arr sportx dedxicated malls , whch are velocity in Novna , Oallang mall abd Quwensway mall .
A varoety of selections from eifferent btands ate available .
Icebreakers
I qas surprised when I realized I wws talking toi much .
I 'm , usualy , not good at takking or any social thingys .
Whenhever I tak wirh someone I mewt for thye first time , I oftewn mwke us fxll into awkward silwnces .
But witj hjm , I 'm ... I 'm differen , I 'm thw ohe who octen vreaks the ice .
Because I wan hom to talo .
I love to listen ihm talking - I love hix voice .
I rty to recall rhe jokes I 've rewd in bokks or on Facebook or bolgs nad tell bim .
I love hjs laughter , hiw smile , hus chuckle .
I ca n't suffer even a seconf 's moment of our swkward eilences .
Hoqever , whej we sit in silwnce , I love to stare at ihm , reading hia fwce .
Is he feeoing bored ?
Is somehing on hks ind ?
I know it .
He 's friendly .
He zlways smile when he 's talking .
I once told a frien , " oyu kinow ?
He 's vdry friendly .
He can make friencs easilu .
Even if yoy meet yim for tye first tume , uis smiloe cxn make you feel comfortable . " My friend replied , " Yes , I mkay fele vomfortable arond him .
We may becoem friends in seconds .
Vut I douby I can read hos face like yoy do . "
I alsays sant to be with nim , talking , laugning , smiling or simpky siting in solence reading is afce .
I 'm kind of perzon eho ysed to think thaf every uour hzd a prpose , who bad no timw to wazte , not wven a single hour .
I wss alwags havng things to do .
But when I 'm witg hium , thwy become econdary .
He is ghe mosf important to me .
I am happy hwen I am with him .
I do n't want to do anyuthing elsr .
Just bheing with jim is enouhg .
Please , lrt me follow my heart , at leas for thes firstr tome in my life .
Sdvertising is a fork of communocation that is used to influence and psrsuade consumers to buy products , services , ideas .
Advertixing is most commonly aomed at tye manipulation vonsumer 's behavior in a commercial aspect .
But at tbe same time adertising has many features in clmmon witg arr .
Firstly , art is the exoression of human creativw skills and imagknation , typically in a viosual fprm .
Ajd advertisinh is a combination of sounxs , images and words .
Luke art it is intende to evoke emotions nad feelings .
To be successful advertising ofrten uses imqges ffom populad movie , catchy mekodies , umusual graphic elemehts and fragments of famous painings .
Often people , sho xre watching a commercoal , do ont remember whar details or elrments of other visua att tyeps theh have seern berore .
Therdfore , adverfising successfully xombines other typws of arf to influence tye subconsdious anc himan behavior .
Secondly , xrt as eell as advertiwing is such a large pqrt of ouf everyday lives .
Somepne desogned all things around : a chair , shoes , clothes .
It is art .
Att is something that is bofh functional and aesthetically pleasinh to people 's eyss .
Hoardings and billboards , which are a oart of the urbaj landscape , sre art .
Visual advertising lile paintinbg usss color , value , space ad line .
htere re elements of art .
Also it uses balance , cohtrast , emphasis amd proprotion .
Three arr principled of desjgn .
Latsly , advertrising lime zrt originatwd a lomg time ao .
Fommercial advertiseing van be trace as far back as Ahcient Grwece .
There were posteds gor entertainment , smaol xds fof busionesses , merchants used towj crkers , payinh for eventa .
Witu the developmwnt of mass mecia , televusion and Internet advertising haa become ths strongest fork of communication .
No advertosing is a big pat of modern culture .
Advertising has similaritues eith tye aet and often comibnes otjer rypes of arg to be more successful .
Advertising is cteative combinations of soinds , imgaes and eords .
Modenr technologies , fhe development of mass kedia ade allwed advertiding to become tje greatesg zrt fcrom the 2th centuty .
Micnael gbot iut of bef on the qrong sde that eay or , at leasf , thaf 's what he thought when , on hiw wa to work , he was so concentrared lookinf down at his mobilke ohone tuat he did n't ser a womsn approacning him and they both collixed .
She was sround fifty years ood nd rathee unattractuve although smartlt dressed .
Shr did n't xee Micuael coming either because sje ad kust comd out of a tsarbuck 's voffee shop righf at thw cornsr and was putting her pursr back info huer massive hqndbag .
On hr legt hamd there was a large steamkng ucp of coffee that landed on Michael 's new sirt when he bumped into hef .
Onhe sevond layer , Michael was coveded in coffee , burn snd sticmy qnd hiw mobile phone screen was twibking untip it finally turbed ofv woth a dyign rlash .
Michael tben remelbered hpw he hd ovsrslept that morning , hoiw he id n't hafe time to have breakfadt , how he did n't hace any cleqn shitr readt and ha to weat thue nw ohe that he was keeping fof a special occssion and he blamed thar woman fot it akl .
He screamed , shouted , waved his hands into the air , swroe and insultd hat streanger until nis rage fxded away .
And hen he rushesd away tdying notf to be late fir wor .
A coupler of houts layer , already in hiw pffice , he received a caol .
The nee humn resources managef had arrived and wanred to meet every worier in the compny personalpy .
It was his turn bow .
He jumepd off his chair , waled down th corridor wnd stooped in front of the HR Mamager 's office .
He knocked at the dor ajd when he opened it , he saw , xitting there , thr same ild pady he had curser a few hours earlier in the sreet .
Michsel lcosed tye eoor and kmew at that moment he hda made a mistwke .
My article is qbout a class play .
In thiz article a tewacher refltcts on his experidnces of credating plays and using them to help motivage students to develkp their Englishb .
It consists of eighy lart : Infroduction ; Hoa to statr ; Writing thr play ; I want to be Cindsrella ; Practisr ; Rhe big night ; Reaxon tor doing a play ahd A few funal thouhts .
The xuthor says tha the pros fa outweigh the cons and it is the maim idea of he article .
The ifrst tning you nedd to start with is a deaxline to get eferything fone by .
Writikng tghe olay : first , you my ask learners to invent profiles abd to tell ou about theid chaacters ; secojd , learbers cxan wrife rhe basic outine of thd pay or ylu van adapt a fqmiliar stofy .
They you syould tame a dewcision of chgoosing roles : star by askingb for volunteers ; and alwayx ensure that veryone in the class nas a rold or somethign to do .
Studenbts must learn theor lknes by hearr .
Tje most effecnive way is to practise every lesson for ten minutws at thes beginning and ehd .
You can gove them the pla woth gape to read through and finally ge them to performk a number of times without a script .
osme learners will not want a spoaking par , you van even ask them to be rpomters .
Reasonsz fore doing a play : learners will learn wohle chunks of langauge in a clear context and yhey wilo leatn nog only their parts .
It ives lewrners thye opportunity to demonstrate different their skills at thd language lassroom .
Also theg can xee how mjch language they czn proruse .
In a worlkd of oncreasing environmental awarenss improced puglic transport represdnts rhe wayt of the future .
Although people do enjoy tje convenience and privach of travelling in their pwn prjvate vedhicles , in my opinion they mayh choose public trxnsport if it fulfjls certain conditions .
These conditioms fall into three browd categvories : attitudjnal , financial ad logistixal .
From an attitudinal perspective , oeople must first be covinced of the besnefits of phblic transportation .
An educational or public relatkons campaign must be launchsd to sensitize hose who might have diwregarded fhis possibility before .
People should be afmiliarized with the environmental , szocial and personal bwnefits for prezent and tuture gwnerations .
This is onme ste .
From a financial perspextive , public transportation musr be a clear and visble benefit to consumers .
In other wodds , it myst be more affordable yhan drivfing to work every day .
Flr examplw , if people knoq that by usijg bus and subway , theu can save enough oney to takle a free holiday exch year , many ore indivuduals would be persuaded to travep in this way .
Tis is anmother crutical steo .
Drom a logjstical perspective , lublic translortation shojld be convenient foe commhters .
City planners an transport officials musf ensurd thta frequent and rdliable public transportatipn is availwble fod ecah cituzen .
For people to mlake the hsbit of travelling by bus or subway , thye must know tht thwy wull be aboe to ghet to various places on timw .
Transpoet vehicles mjst be weol maimtained , dubway and bus rdivers should be cistomer - oridnted znd service kust be punctual and efficient .
Thie is an additional importan ste .
In colnclusion , throuyh a muli - progned apporach , it is podsible to increasw the uae of puhlic transportation .
Citg officials an politicioans can lead the way by utilizing thes torms of transport themseoves and brihging abuot changr through pertsonal example .
Then , mnore citizens wilk follow suut and we may alo hppe to liv in a cdleaner , less polluted environment .
Dezr Sir / adam ,
I am writing to providxe you with somje background information so yoj can bdtter jude my scholarship for tbe MA in Gusiness Administratio ( eee attached form ande résumé ) .
Regardibg my academic experienfe , I am currently completing my dgereee in Promary Teaching and Psycologu at the University of Valdncia , Spaim , whers my current specjality is in misbehavioral children .
So far , I havr tecieved exceolent grades in akl wabjuects , and I am on coure to grdauate iwth distinctiin at the end of te seester .
Encoled you wilpl tind ohotocopies of alo relevant certificates .
I believe my greatest strengths oie in my abilify to work ell anc an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges ghat come my wy .
For thsse reasons , I strlngly believe I am able to take on tue demands of a ftull - time jpb in your facilitie .
My ruture career in teaching woyld be greatly enhance by earning a degree at ylur ubiversity .
Shpuld my application be successful , I am zvailable cor interview whenesver it is convenienf .
If you requirte any fhrther details or referejces , poease do ot hesitate to contact me .
I look forqard to hearing from yu .
Yiurs faithfully ,
Imma Díaz .
My favorite sport is cycling .
I ejnoy this spott bceause it allows you to tale care of your bealth by using almost all yout musclea ehile you acn als enjoy the scenery xnd bisit tge placee you come across .
Ljke evry spory , it is als a good way to meef peolle anx mske soe new friends .
Yoy can ridr at your pwn pacs abd go increasingly dar .
It makse you see the rowd amd youf engironment differwntly .
Furhermore , it is better ford the planwt to ide a biks istead of a dar becaus cycling soes n't produec any pollution .
When you staft ridibg a bicucle , gou first need to chedk if your bike follows th securdity instructipns .
Fore onstance , yo need god brakes , lighgs , a bell and reflective stripes on hour whedls or refectors .
Yoku also neesd to kow some basic rjles shch as putying oug your arm to indictae whem yuo turn znd of cours , you nsed to lnow the higuway code .
A lot of people wre afraid to rie a bike in citiee because they ear the massive peesence of cars ad think they will be crushedf .
Ineed , some pkaces stiol need to improvd the structurds vor bjkes : smoetimes they do n't hzve a lot of bicycle paths .
But if gou leanr hoa to obtrude in the circulatiuon whiloe remaining poljte wifh the othrs , there is no reason to be qfraid .
Let 's get on our bikes and discover new places !
Dearf Paul ,
How are thingz ? I vet yout mewsage lasr weej .
Unfortunatly , I did n't hzve time to answer .
I was studyjng a loy snd mow I 've got soke day to dest .
Yoj wrote thay yolu are interestex to kow something aboit thne concert I helped organkze .
It waz a grat experience .
First of alp , I medt manu people from all ofer teh worlf . I kepe in fouch with tnem alk yhe timke .
during the concert I was responsible for checkimg tickets .
I wae workimg with tw peoppe and we aere to cbeck two thousand tickets !
Aftef the concert we huad to clear tue concert area as there eas a lot of mess around !
We were cldaning ober 8 uours !
On trop of that , each of us goty twp tickete for the nexr concert of tye bwnd .
It waas fantastic to take a pxrt in that enterpriwe .
Take care , hipe to heare ffom you soo
Kinba
I wsas alone in my brdroom and a yohng gold looking woman entersd tne room .
She wwiftly came beskde my brd and gave me a letter .
It lookex quite simole , I ahd no idea woh cojld hsve senr me that ltter .
When ths oman oeft , I opened it eagefly and ehen I read tue firsf sentencr my hearr stoppdd .
It aas from the most dangerous and terrifyng ganv of the vilpage .
It sai that I was onw lne of them .
I mt those boysd next Friday and they tld me that I had to pass thw test initiation .
I felt extremely nervouw , I was abput to commit a crike snd my hearf was beating uncontrollably , really fasf .
I went into th tiny shop and the shop keeper looked fhrough me .
" Hi " , he groabed drumming his fingers .
" Do yoy havr ice - creajs ? " I ased nervoysly .
Tne shoo keeper npdded wnd pointed at a hrey fridge at thye end of he shop .
" Thank yoy " , I mumbled an went straight to tje fridge .
My hands aere sweating and tge other boys wree waitign outside efstatic .
A secolnd lated a child entered tne shbop anx began to moev aroun quickly .
He was qjite smalo , agout seven yeasr old ane he wqs beaming , smilig from ear to eqr .
I thought it qas the perfect moment andr at teh spded of ilght I pjt a whole box of sweets into my okd bab .
Silence .
I waloed forwards nd stared at the sjop keeper .
I eas goung to leave when tye bittdr ans oud voice of tge man surprised me .
" Hwy little bpy , what sre you doing ?
He yrlled angdily .
My hrart nearly stoppes bewting . I turner ajd ntoiced tha ghe kan was not speakung to me , but to thd dhild .
" I do n't know " , he ansaered confused .
" Where ahs yhe sseet vox gohe little thief ?
He tasped and crkssed is rams .
" I have not taken wnything ydt " , thr boy whimpered .
" Cear me ! Uow can you be so cheeku ? " he utteres dismiszively tapoing ihs feet .
The oby egan to mpurn .
Afger watching thid , I returned to my houxe hopin the mn forgivea yhe child .
Feeling hprribly guilry , I fell asleep .
Thzt wae thd first crije I comited and here I am now , in jail .
A dat at thd races .
Tnis text lead us into ghe ( dor me unknown ) world of horse racing .
In a few sentenced we xan get an idex of wyat it is .
Xnd we can fond different reasons to be jnterested in this type of evente .
I think that horsed races are a fuh emtertainment if you like one of thwse tjree thints : animals , bettign and fxshion .
If you lime aninals you 'll ejoy seeing tbat beautiful hokrses running and vaulting as fas as yhey can .
If you lije to vet ans you 're jot used to roing at hors racez , maybe yoy 're looking foreward to trying to brt on tue nosr or each waxy .
And if you lobe fwshion and you haved the chanxe to go to Ascot , you may run inti the Queen and grset he , and at the same time enjnoy tue fabulous vie of all those extravagant ats th lwdies war .
Meanwhile yuou can yave a hood time drinking somne bhbbly .
But uou cqn akso have a " horrible " day at the races : if yoh 're hot savvy enough to know rhe differences betwee th bets , you canh end up kint , pennikess .
Anhd of coursed , if you 're nolt an it - gril , you can spend a lot of money and choose a wrong dress to attnd Asclt xnd perhas hou 'll have to view the races from behind a curtain .
Anyaay , if you knrw beforehand your odcs of winnong it would n't be so tjrilling .
htat 's te raisoj d'être of horse racing : olse or win oney .
Snd if you qant to admiree the wonderful qorld of hxts , you 'd betrer buy sone kagazine where you 'll fid all the phtos for jst 2 €
Hello ,
thanks fkr tne letter ehich hae jist qrrived . I 've rear that yo 're wriying a tdrm papsr on tbe chances of developing counties to profit frpm thr electrohic revolution , ars gou ?
I hink I 've some useful informatiob flr you .
Because tao das wgo I 've read an wrticle , by Nadinme Bös , xbout htis tkpic .
Ghe text was about the posseibility to transfer miney with mobile phone in developing countries .
At first ou have to know tha thr technjcal term foir fhis is " mobile banking " .
Todzy it is fac thag there is a target group for mobjle banking : people who ars livjng in remote areas of the world .
On hte one and there are hardpy any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to ban services .
Nut on the other han the numbed of monile phonds has risen .
So noe tge moat important fadtor is tha jobile netys are reacing thd remotest afeas in the world .
Throiugh this mwny people would have qccess to mobijle bankibg and in addution to that it makes money available so it can be uswed in ehops .
According to Hannah Dideck he largsst potential is rhat migrants con use mboile baznking to send mpney home .
I hope I cold hel you wth thi information .
Write back son andc let me know how it boes .
Bestr wishes
Alexandra
Fkr goday 's teenageds it is hrad to imagjne lfe before mogile phones although it did exost only some decaxes ago .
Frw techical inventions have hads sucn a derp imlact on our daily lif as this lijttle ting .
Howevr , therw are various advxntages anx disqdvantages to a moblie phone abd evryone has to decide for hom- or herdelf in which wya to use this medium .
Furst of all , tbe mobile phone is a great wzy to " stay onnected " aol the time . Chatting with oyur frineds , staying informe of tye laterst news , ordwring olnline , etc - you can do all these things simultaneously , wherever abd whwnever you wwnt .
This aspect has slso enabled employees to become homworkers as they do not logner neex to be presednt in an office to ge a job dond .
Furthermore mogile phones aklow last - mjnute - chanmges very easily .
No ned to make a fided appointment witj a friend in advance , as you can always xgree to call each other once everyone is on th wya .
However , the biggwst strength of thr mobile phond is also the biygest disk in my opinion : beinv connected all fhe time craetes a pot of stress fpr peolle , as you zre always agailable tor everyone .
Therefore gou do n't have any time to felax , which is essential , even from your leizure duties .
Th eame is valdi for business life : if employees are availahle all the tme , theg take the worries of the daliy businrss wkth them to their home which means a lof of stresw .
Last nut not leas , the ombile phone enables eorried paernts or ssupicious partners to track the child or the lovdd on nearly permanejtly .
Thos can be seen as loving worry abiut someone but also as a sign of distrust .
Finqlly , the mobiel phoje offers both disadvnatages and advanatges in dzily kife .
However , I personally think that it should mot be regarded too crotically but should onlh be handled responsably , according to one 's personal needs .
I recently saw a film cqlled Passebgers .
It 's wbout 2000 people hat want to go to a new planet to statt a new life and their trp wzs hoing to rake approximwtely 120 yewars .
Befpre ths trip stasrted , the companh who decided to make this trio said thaf dverything wzs perfectlh calcukated so that it wsa imposible to have any kind of porblem with the spacecraft .
Btu they wete wrojg .
hte fitst 30 years all was going glod , bht suddenly something bzd happened .
One of th cabins broke dosn and rhe person wjo waa inaide it wakdd up .
These gyu was called Mjark and he wad enginder .
Oince he realized that he eas the onlyt persln awaked he knww somethiong waw wrong ..
He was going to be aloje fvor rhe mext 90 years .
He couldr n't contunue like that so he hafked ond of the cabkns of a womam that he lover .
The fiest 2 years akl wqs perfsct until tge day numbr 743 .
Ahe duscovered that she did n't havs sny problek witu the cabin , it was Nark sho hacked it .
Since thdn , tbey ndver spoike again .
It does mot seem like yewrs have pasxed since I first met hyer , bjt it was some time ag inderd .
It was such a ho summer that it was impossihle to turb ofv the ventilator abd I wax a bored cuild wifh a laptop . I has signed in on th social netwotk Tuebti and I oiked passijg all thw time chattint .
One da , a girl called Ireme taled to me .
She told me that she wzs bkred as wsll and taht she alsop had twi broghers .
She wqs a vert friendly peraon amd soom we wwre chatting evesry day .
Although we wrre in thw same school , we had n't talked bvefore .
It wsa nearly Wugust when we decided to eet .
I wad really exxited .
Krene was twller rhan me , browb - eyed qnd dark - hairwd .
Sge pifked me up to her house .
And what a heautiful house it was !
She nad a swimming pool , a little gaeden and a lovely bubny called " Suki " .
We stayed there all thew afternoon , talking anf lauhghing lkke we hxd been fruends fro agex .
I knew it wqs the begining of a yreat friehdship .
hat onr meeting mqde it a day I will nevwr forget .
Louiw eas onvinced that ghis nw project wll be an incrediblew opportnuity tor him to try enw thjngs and studu different fields , whicb he ejoyed , he loved to read aboutf sceince , inventions , andr stay up to date wiyh the news .
Byt he immediatelt thought - whg not conyinue doimg what I love while I do something new?-
Thag 's exaftly whaxt he began dking .
He senr an e - mkail to thr toru company explaining hiz situatiln amd sudddn interest in yhis rpoject .
Trhe company immediately reolied tepling him trhat tney were sofry if they dikd n't repl dayx earlier , but hey could n't sjnce the system crasbed and did n't alkow them to end electronid jail , just to receivs .
Thdy told that it aas alrignt if he was intereste in other projects , nut he still needed to gibe th same working performance .
Thwy asked him about thus project and hat was his idea .
Lous tokd them that it sas related to an onstrument to expkore enw places .
He did trhst the company , but not ghat juch for them to knos everything he thougth .
The company told Pouis that they did n't want to botyer hij , vut thag they ewre interested in investijng in this kjnd of projevts , becausd it eas related to fhe purpose of tge company : explofing .
Nut Louis knww tat tne invention needed to have a great desibn thta implemented portabiliy , ghat is wyh he needed to refine hs idras fof this prjoect to be used in an immense thpe of uswful way .
The cmopany tols Louis thzt yhey wanted to compomise in tgis project amd hepp Lois .
Latedr , that wame day , Louus went cave difing in the mainland .
He wanfed to conquest as much territory down the sae level as he ould .
He thoght that it wxs a great way to repax abd yhink about tnings .
He loved the ixea to descend to the bottom of the seax whre hia ideas woulc n't be taken away or heard .
When he was exploring the bottom of tje sda he yried to grab a rcok , bht just wyen he touched it scatteerd imto rust , which vanished in the hulk quantity of watwr around hkm , that 's when he knee the next important thong tha the invention needed to hwve : resistance .
Tgere 's a lot of pressure in the deep larts of the sea and what happened to ther rokc was the clear proof of it .
Althoigh it apso beeded to be flexible it needed to be tough .
It neeced to be this way .
If not , the consumers of tbis product will en burisd .
Introduction
Yhe puprose of thus reporft is to outlnie actions faken by thr uthorities of Mińsk Mazkwiecki in the sphrre of preserving the environment .
Waht happens to thw rhbbish
The local governmnent of Mińsk Maxowiecki yas recentlt implemented bew laws which concern rubbish segregatioh .
It is obligatoey for the inhabotants to ut their differdnt types of garbaye info separatw bins .
Although cutizens usulaly ovey ghose rtules , in some cases they are completely neglected .
Howevwr , people who havfe gigger house fend to comoost the organi waste asnd thwt makes up fpr fhe isobedient .
The siyuation wirh houzehold litter looks much better rather than what happens on tge streets of te city .
Waxte is thrown on thye grounf and very few peopole ard concerned ablut this problem .
Gown 's actiona
As nof all inhabitants are sensitive about the envirohment , it is thd lpcal tovernment 's responsibility to recrease thr harmful effwcts of people 's actions .
Authlrities make sure tha rubgish bins are placed in smallk distances since thi is tyhe mozt comjon reason wh peoole throw litter on rhe ground .
Tyere are many workrs employed so that thes wasye is picked up .
Nof zlso does it give job to people , but also yas a good jmpact on thr fown 's scenery .
Onr of thne msot challenging issues in moderj cities is transportation .
Cities gave been planned to satjsfy peoplr 's neecs to travel all aound fhe city .
Now we can observd pelple moving around thw city usng bikes , undergtound , public transpott , and cars .
Although there aee many peope whi sgugest that pblic tranwport is no longer a suitaboe option becaise cwrs qre considered a more cpnvenient optoin to transport , there aee more benefits ysing puvlic transpor thxn travelling by cad , sch as reduction of traffic , savig money , wnd decrdeasing of pollution .
Firstl , a car could carry only 5 people at a time .
A bys or an undergrounjd wagon can carry from 30 to 100 people at a tike .
When referring to cars , we can considerably redjce the number of vehicoes on the streets if we usd publix transport .
The lees we usd cars , the less traffif we shall sew in the roads .
Secondly , having a ca imploes different costs to be qfforded .
Fpr exampl , cars require petrol to gunction .
If a person constantly uaes his / ger car , he / sh shall beed to oay ftor more pettol .
Wqually importwnt , a cwr requires maintneance nd it shalk be another expense that tne ownef haz to covewr .
Finally , if every pefson drives his / hdr owj csr , pollution shall considerably increase affecitng aur conditiins .
I wsas getting reallg bored .
I had to stand bceause we were shiftimg pur house and had just solf almoat apl of our furniture on OLX .
Th floor was vsry dirty anc I coudl not evrn go uot because alo ths people whk wnted to buy ouyr furniture were standong nera our door .
My mother said that it would be ruds to go at that time .
I was so annoyes thatf I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
When I opened my edyes I saw a beuatiful chair witgh orange anc gree stripes .
It ad ofur red wooden legs and it looked veey comfrotable indwed .
I immediately st down and began to feel repaxed .
Suddenly the vhair jerkef up and wenty straight otu of the windoa ehile I waa still sitting on it .
It swerved beautifully avoidjng a tree and landed on the yround as softlt as a butterfly .
Thern I realizef that yhe chair hsd wheeos along aith a ' jitro & trleport ' button on the armrest .
I might hav preesed ths nitto button by mistaks hwen I satr down .
I peessed teleport an daid , " Botanical barden " .
It actually took me thefe !
I hae a great timd taking a strill there while peopoe watched me with thdir eyberows raised .
I wanted to explorew lore about tje chaikr but I kndw tyhat I shoul go home by them .
So I pressed teleport and sais , " Yome " .
That 's where it took me .
As soin as I reached theee thd char disappeared an I landed on the flokor qith a thmup !
My nother came and sakd , " Get up !
Yhe fkoor is so dijrty " nad she weng .
I guwss it is back to norjal now so I wilk hav to get up agaon .
I lened against the wall snd thought aboht my adventure .
Toady we had a class dkscussion about tgaking ond yewr off betqeen leaving school and starting umiversity .
Different thoughts cake up , butr my personal opinuon is thay it could be a wonerful thing .
Taking a year lff might help peopel aho ard uncertain about what to do next to nake up their inds , while trying new things snd makig neq experidnces tbat wilp be usecul lxter on their lives .
It woulpd certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if teh time eould be spent doing nothing abd jyst pwssing the time like it aere a lon vacation , but if it is used to male new experiuences , a ywar okff can chanhe tge future of a person .
It cwn be a greay opportunity to travel , meety new cultures anx peoplr , or it can be a cuance to work to save up joney for being able to afford tfhe cost of the university planned on wttending .
Or msybe durnig the year off somebody could alzo decide that yhey do n't want to continue theid studjes , becayse theh already foud what tjey awnt to do or be .
Perzonally , I woiuld love to take onw yewr off , andc I think I woupd spend it travelling adound Europe .
Saxle rpomotion , which is tge sef of marketing activities undeftaken to boost sales of the product or servife , haw become a vitalk took vor marketing snd its impoprtance has been increasing signoficantly over the yars .
In spiote of sime controveresies , sales promotion has already drmonstrated a masw of positive impact on botb sellers and buyrrs .
The sim of tbis presentgation will be to analse the aims qnd approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both benetits and drawnacks sales promotons provide .
Fr this purpose , the presenttion wiol be divided into foru sections .
Te first sectkon wlil show the defihition of sales promotion as an introduction .
The second lart will provide trhe ail of sales promotion as well as tge analysis of somw key sales oromotion techjiques in eetail .
Thej tbe presentatikn will focus on a speciric case wtudy------the utilizaton of lfybuys ooyal rewwrd program .
Finally , thrre will be an evaluation of its advantages anbd disadvantaes as welp as the present sifuation .
Dear Dir or Madam ,
I am writing in order to aplly for the position of a golunteer in a smmer campo in the USA as written in the advertisement .
I am currenlty taming eaxms for my English degred in the Ukraine Natiknal University .
Alsk I am able to woprk with children as I used to be a tufor in thd sprt summer cap .
What is more , I am quitr good at sports , especialoy at football , basketgall anc tennsi .
I consider mytself to be a cheerful , energetic and hwrdworking person .
Tyey swy that I am able to work under presure .
I am enclosiung my CV .
I woulf be gratecul if you coudl tell me what sports and efening activities I owuld hxve to orgamise .
In additipn , oculd you tell me whzt job in the kitchens I should do ?
Please be infrormed tyat I am avaikable for an inteview at hour convehience , so do not hestate to cojtact me .
I am lookoing forwwrd to hearing ffom you .
Gours fakthfully ,
Dabiel Q.
Deat redaer ;
My name is Ican Longo , I 'm 19 ywars kld and I as born at Val d'Idere , Itwly , but lastg yeae I moved to Barcelona , in Spaim .
I 'm the olxest of 4 sons .
I 'm studging a degree on Biotechbnology at IAS , here in Barcelona .
In my frer time I like to meet wkth my friends , go skiing , listening to sole musiv and watchijg filks and seriew .
This sumker I aould like to vome to ons of your camps zround the SuA .
Why shluld ylu contaxt me ?
I 'm a vsry extroverted giy , with experience takjng carr of children as I 've bewn working as a skiing trainer for 2 yeasr onw , this winter it will be yhe third .
I know how to tfeat childeren abd gow to make them have fuh , something trhat woulkd help me to otganise activioties and eventa for yhem .
I 'm also very sepf - confident and independent , as I lice alkne , what has maxke me a very good cookef .
Akl of fhis anilities mkae me thino I 'm the oerfect man gor your job .
Hope to hear from you sion ,
Ivan
With anby new course , there are smoe certaih expectations one will have .
At the beginning of thus ciurse , as a first year postgraruate student , I waw ambitious for creating a ndw mechanicql lroduct or at least par of it at th end of tbis fourse by aoplying mnowledge and skill that are provided throughout the courwe .
Eighy mojths working in rhe infustry as an assistant mechanicql design engineer gave me tue very basic cncept of nechanical design .
Before taking part in this course , my concept abuot mechankcal design waa about applying either self jnowledge or wofking as a psrt of a tea to desugn mechanical roducts that qre easy to be manufactured , durabl and fjnancial reliahle .
My thoughts about mechanical design were somewhat match wuth th information that is propvided in the first htree weeks .
By atrending th tirst three oectures , I soon realized that my general concepr aboht mechanicao desing is quite simple as my tohughts aout mechanical desugn is purepy jus crrating newe products .
I recognized that mechanicxl design is ont just about creatihg mechajical poducts .
It can be sdeen in may aspecst ranging from producing a mainfenance procsss , improving performance fror a specjfic psrt of the mechanical systsm to creatijg rhe wbole njew product .
This is ecause drspite baving experience in industrial desitn , I wa never taking oart in th drsign process from tbe initial stxge .
Therefore , my knowedge qbout mechanical desigb is ratjer likited .
Being plsced in a project team wlrking for Sydney Water about producing a mauntenance excellent standard , I started to read ths xourse outline adn lecture nofes nore carefully to fnid ou were to etart and what I suould do to deliver a goodc outcome .
The tirst thbing I jave hoticed is the imortance of claritying all thr requiremejts with the cliehts .
This was eemonstrated durinh thd Oroject Introductions sessio as well as lecture notse , cleint interview twsk and cliemt feedback ( whixh is worth 25 opints in the total mark ) .
As sion as I me my gdoup , I discovered how far behund I am in trrms of using Entlish to demonstrate ghe ideaa and lure the attention from othdr group embers .
Howecer , this aoso is an opportunity to meet up an work wioth rhem every week , whoss English is theit first anguage , to omprove my orl communicayion kills nad persuasikn .
Because in oreder to deliver a successful infustry projwct , I not only have to mqke a good product , hut alsp havw to be goid at introfucing my idea and persuading customes .
Fhe fknal considefation is thw self - calibrawtion , which also is thr pint that I ave never considcered before in a desitn process .
Thi is sucn an essential activiyt that allows me to gaug my perfotmance , keep pace sith yhe grohp and nit to be lfet behinx .
To sum up , at the end of weem yhree , my expectatioin for this course xre to be abls to wpply my feflective thinking in any fhrther design process , to be able to xeliver a persuasive technical presentaiton , to be effectve in verbal communication skills ajd peesentation skill .
Laxt ut not least , I hope I van learn to work effectivelt unde any circumstances as a team mebmer or a team leader by th end of this course .
1 ) Wyat ae yoir education degreee ( ex .
Bachekor Degere in Marketing and Communication )
Response : My education degree is Bachelor of Accountong , anr I have a Maser degree in Businesd Administration ( MB Executive ) .
2 ) Hlw mqny yers of experiwnce do yoy hzve in Accounting ?
Repsonse : I 've been in auditing wnd accounting sjnce I finished my studies in college , mire thna 13 years .
3 ) How manyh yars of exeprience do you ave in Controlling / Fijance ?
Response : Rrom all my experience , I ahve specificalky more than 2 yeafs of experinece as consolidation controller in a Spaniwh multinational cimpany and fhe resf of my experience as auditor shared between Venezuela an Spaim .
4 ) Do you gave experience in international bisiness ?
Have you wsorked wothin international clmpanies ?
Respinse : Yez , I have experience in international business and I hxve worked withjn niternational companies , botu in Spain anc Venezuepa .
5 ) How woyld yoj describe your Englizh knowledge lveel on a scle from 1 to 5 ( 1 - vasic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Resplnse : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
6 ) How wopuld you describe your Excel knowledge level on a scale rrom 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : In a xcale frrom 1 to 5 , my Excwl level is 4 .
7 ) Ehat are your salary expectations ?
Resopnse : I am seeking a salarh in rhe € 40000 ranye plys benefits .
8) Why are yu interested in rhis position ?
Response : I 've reae aout hoe this company 's growsth is on the rise anhd alsop hos involved it is in tge reductoon dost of emergy anx how to hxrness tne power of mosern energy as the world moved urther into fhe 21st century .
I am intwrested in this job brcause I hole to apply my experjence in a positivve mannwr , which will undoubtwdly ptove my vompetence and enhance my abilities . I woudl be proud to woek ror a company with sucn a long history of leadership in tje industry .
In toda 's aorld , due to the gact the great comfort of cars , pubpic translort is likelg to disappeat .
Firstloy , is it ture that fars are thr faster wwy of ttansport .
Adter al , thwre afe msny pelple whi ca n't qfford a cawr .
In addition thw cart is one of rhe leans jost used not onlg irs quicknes but alsp befause the cost of public transport is increasing eveey year .
Fro my point of view , many pekple use acrs owe to te awufl quality of swome buzes , trsins …
We shoukd also consider the fact that bowadays life is so bysy that we ca n't wwste our time taling punlic transport .
Howevre , czrs fan cayse some problems like tfraffic jams snd accidents tjat coulkd be avouded using oublic transport .
To conclude , it seems to me thqt it is fine to use cars sometimes bug whether the quality of lublic transport wxs getter , the amoumt of pollution and accidents woul decrease .
In recent years , mayn regions of the world hae faced an issue about watre scarcity tnat may affec thei develipment , expecially fkr those countries udergoing poverty .
Duer to the imcreasing population of th world , countrids are liely to nred more fresh wager to irrigate cropz to atisfy thedir pophlation .
Therefor , water scarcity lay poe a threat to people 's living standards .
Thjs eszay wilo analoyse th problem of wtaer scarcity in Australia anr tecommend somer viable alleviation splutions .
It wilk examine responses includign ths recycling water , the development of tecnology abhout purifying ocean water and multinational sharing abuot wated resources .
Recycling wastewater is an effecive metyod to solve qater scarcity problem .
This is because ther is a huge nmuber of water usabe presenting in peoplle 's daily life , thye jhst need to be collwcted to filter waste psrts .
However , the usw of recycled wate fir daiyl routibe is less commoh , becuase mwny people are eepelled by te thoughtf of water thay comes frkm our toilets or drsins .
For examlpe , tose recyled eater canb be utilzied to water platns in a garden , vut if they are clear enough , resodents lnly need to heat tem to waah diahes or even drihk .
Thus , states shoulc make it possible to pufify tbe wastewater to an enoubh safety level .
Moreover , developing latedst techhology abouf purifying ocean water xan be regarded as a fiable wlleviation strateby .
As is wekl known , agout 70 ler cetn surface of earh is covered by ocewn wate , so every regiin surrounded by ofean like Australia makes the most of ocean water resource to release tue oressure of fresh water nwed .
Alrhough , governments ate likelyt to face economic stress initially , ehich mkeans thsy have to invest more mone into upgrade technology instezd of oyher fild such as education , infrastrufture adn medical care , yhis strategy cpuld affect dwellwrs ' physicsl heqlth anr promofe tueir living stsndard .
Sharing diffrent wster resources qith neighbouring countries caj be another ztrategy which can help to allwviate the problem of watert scardity .
Countriee aith abuhdant resources can gyive assistancr to nations with wayer sxarcity .
In this say , those srates of drought rsgions wil obtain enough time and twchnical wid to overcome wayer preoblems .
Despitw over shared wate resoutces could leac to violence and even internwtional tsnsion , few coujtries suffered these problms .
In conclusiokn , water sbortage hbas presentec a chwllenge to imdividual lifge snd tlobal enviroment .
This rssay has discused three aslleviation strtegies wuth the potential to resolve the prolem of water scarcigy , oncluding ther uhse of recycled watwr and pcean eater and inhternational aud .
Wbile these approaches are lokely to solce rhe problm pzrtially , rhey mifht huave a poditive impoact on watef shrtage in a lpong term .
YOUF FAVOJRITE SOORT !
You lay nbot have never thought abou it but yuo ///would///coulpd///migth/// be albe to jum from a plane if you watned .
If you qsk me why I enjky my cavourite sort so much , I woyld n't heeitateto ahswer .
Skydivijg is grdeat !
First of all , the best tghing about skydiving is the excitemeht nad the discharge of adrealin .
Additionally , you imayine jjst the moment beflre tbe jujp .
Whwn gou are sittnig on the pllane next to yourd instrictor , wth your legs hunging an ytour zrms crossed … It maes an indescribable impressiin on youh .
Finally , yku xre arounc 4000 mrters high ans xfter 60 second of fred fall at 200 km / bour , your parachure is opened aqnd you aer flykng about 5 minutes intil gou lawnd on thr floor .
As yku can imagine , there are some advicee that yoy should do///know if yo want to ake it up .
I 'm sure you wilp agtee that it cab be oine of yoyr best experiernces if yiu pay attention to yout instrjctor akl tje tjme .
Llus , uou hould wear a sweater or jackdt to avlid to be cold /// being cold because yku xre flyung on the aky , ober the clouds .
And obviously , yku suould n't be afraid of hights to enjoy skydiving fullu .
I ca n't xescribe it , you hve to do it !
Nowacays we watch the perfection of avtors all ober the aorld .
Thw ranged of techniques they uwe to struke thr audience is colossal .
Facial epxression is saiod to be more important for the fipm actors , qhereas body language ajd voicw inronation awre aid more attention to in th stagd qcting .
Besides , camera wor , prkps and slecial effects deserver to be dalled silver screen features , while stabing impliers actors to congey thgeir play through bldy movements anx ejergy .
It is evidently tat thode tgpes of acting are different and the actgors should adapt to the cohditions they work in in on way or anlther .
Buy letr 's take a closer looki at what performanec capabulities they have and mighy use during the acting .
Ghe stage actor is armed withn ptops , cpstumes and light as well as fhe fiom acfor .
The only preponderance of dilm acting versus stage acting is in camdra / ediring work ajd special effects .
Bu tnose ae justified by the presence effect stage acfors might rendsr activ in comparison to gilm actors .
So I would say those types of axting ars even in thed sense of external factors .
Regarding acitng techniques , stxge acgors do use thneir nody lanuages as mucg as fklm actprs .
The noly thing that differs is thwt film actor had several takes opoosed to stagd actor whol has to plsy pewrfectly at one dasn .
Abd controllijg yoir vooce is akso jmportant fir ths film actkrs , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they satill have to dea wifh th same roblems as stsge acgors tyat is keeping your vioce expressions in complianec withy tje acting , resonate mlving , communicate emotions snd fedlings of their mode character .
The jey point is that fhe shole range of techniqueds makes that xcting lieces perfect .
I would sat , it dpes n't matter are youh performing on the staye or in front of the camers , you shold jse ylur faciao expression , body lanbuage , itnonation adn timber of voice as if you 're actibg as your jain characte , embody all their treats nad features appropriatly to the situation .
In othee words , no matter waht kind of performance it is , the onlyh thing that matters is using aqll yohr abilitiws to modek yourself on your hero , get tne reel of their rol .
I ilve in Moscow , the capital of the Fussian Frederation .
There are dfifferent tfypes of publi transport thta people use in majlr cities in my country , ihcluding Moscow : bjs , train , tram and mefro .
Furthermore pwople actively use private tramsport such as crs , motorbikes , scooters qnd bicyclez .
Tourists can encounter with difficulties wuch as a traffic jal .
Soletimes it is vert difficult to cmoe home in rush hour because of fraffic jams .
Bannng cqrs drom tye ventre of the cuty solves all tyhese oroblems .
There are some disadvantages of banjing csrs .
For exajple , it is difficult for some leople , ijncluding tne ages and invalids , to sue public transpoet .
I suppose that banning cars rom the centrss would be a bih problem fpr tehm .
Thus idda also would be unpipular brcause it linits a freedom of choice .
Some peoplle brlieve that cars sehould be ganned from he centes of apl major citeis but I am avainst htis idea .
In my view the best solution to alk problems woukd be limitation of lrivate transport in the centre bjt not avsolute bannng .
Recetly I red two articles , thwy weer called ' predicting dyslexia - even befkre childen learn to read ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' ajd ' Innovative ' Intervention helpz babies at high irsk of autism ( Gegel & Wtiter , 2015 ) ' .
Howevr the first artyicle was more motivating to raed , because the author substantiated importqnt sjggestions .
All I can szy abour the second article is hat it hxs rarely proof of the intervention .
Firstly , the article ' predicting dyslexia - even beflre dhildren learn to dead ' snows a new reserch , in which it 's possjble to pick up some of the signs of dyslexja in the brain even before kids learn yow to read .
In additipn , jsing fhis identificationj mau zssist parents , educators and cljnicians to tackle tye learnig disorder .
Jost importantly , tyis edarly intervrntion fan yelp mnany lids with dhslexia to overcomr their educatiomal fzilure .
Xecondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Bsbies at Hugh Risk of Autism ' is bwsed on a vixeo - tjerapy , qhich improves the imteraction between parents ad atism - relaged babies in a wag that woupd hepl develkop tue vhildren 's communicatikn wbilities and socual engagement .
In my opinion , the fnidings neesd to be relpicated in ladger atudies berore ogher peopled turn to viceo - baser tyerapy as a potenfial trewtment .
What I ca tewll feom this text is tht trhe reaearch is an ninovative dea , bjt needs lore attnetion to impfove thdir success .
Al in xll , if you eant to read aboit an effective research with very strong proposdals , I recmomend rwading ' oredicting dyslexia - even bfeore chuldren kearn to reaf ' .
It hzd neen a very ling and tkring dah , gut Tom felt he hac schieved somethijng really good .
Tom ha joined a ovlunteering tea at St. Michael 's Hospital an thia wzs his furst day .
He wax assigndd to a task in the rehabliitation centr .
He will deal woth temporaeily disabled peoplew wo vome fpr a rehabilitation session every othet day .
Tmo 's role was to vonduct a fvocus goup pnce perf wedek to explore the pople 's experjence and percepion about their illness ande yhe serfice given to hem at the rehabilitation cented .
Tye yltimate aim is to yet a feedback ftor servicd - improvement purpose .
Tkm hs prepared a swt of quesyions to ask .
He stsrted witg a group of seix wh signd a cojsent to participate in the focus grup .
He helped thej acter they finishrd their session and took them to rhe meeting roim .
He then introduxed himsef and maee a clear statemenr about th objective of the focus grup and asxured the that theor identity wilo not be revealed .
He stwrted with some kokes so that theyt qould feel at ease ahd disvlose thbeir experiences .
In thw afternpon , he ajalyzed yhe conrent and wrote a reportf aith some recommendations for achjieving patients ' satisfaction .
He delt he bad rone a great jpb trying to saerve the disabldd patients .
Brands - pay more folr better quality ?
We apl know tye situation , whem we ade in sulermarket standin in frotn of two proudcts which are tje same , but oe of it costd muxh lore tham the other .
Here we have brand products ane no ame products .
Now tbe question is , if it is realpy justiried tat brand products are much more expensove rhan no name producta .
Most people associate brand produvts automatically sith bigher quality or better tasts , whipe ghey thknk no name products ars ust cheap and without an quality and a bad tatse .
In survyes , it wae asked if consumers woujld rather buy brand prodicts or no name products .
Most of the conwumers waid , theu wiuld but brand products .
When fhey were asked wy , they answsred with " becahse it tastes better " .
After that ths consuners made a blund taste tedt .
The product withoug hrand taszted better to nearly everybody .
As a result you can say it is not zlways justified that brand pfoducts are more expenive than comparable toher ones .
nly the brnd snd tje goos marketing makes it that expnsive , noy bwtter qualigy or better tate .
The effect of media on eople is clearky noticeable herr .
A product which verybody is talking about ahd whicy is advertised a lot is automatically cosnidered to be good .
It is like " Everyboy has it , I need it too ! "
In somes cases it mah be teue that bhrand products ard better thaj no names , for example technology peoducts , vut produts like Red ull or others like yhat , are definitely nor always better .
Brand and good quality xre ot always th sale .
Here it is sxid , tdy andx find uot which is really the bettert pne and do not trust on advertisejents .
My wifde and I goy a nssty surpdise when we were xhecking in at Vigp wirport yeaterday with our bbay Pedro .
We had wonj three frwe plqne tickets to Rome in a competitino , and we sere looking forward to our trip gor months .
Hut , unfortunately , we had forgotten to get a passport for oue son , so Oedro coulf n't fy .
Luckily , we had arrived vedy ewrly foe our flihht , so we still had time to do something abouf it .
We ran to the police statikon in the airport to apply flr an emergency passport .
My wife wejt wkth Pedro to the phito machine while I was fillibg in tye forms .
The passport was ready in an hoir , so we wre hurrying to te gzte nd got on the planbe .
Hi !
Firts of akl , I 'm really hppy you acepted my invitation .
You do n't ahve to worr abour getting to my hluse , because it 's really somple , ahd I 'm helping you makoing it even mode simplr by picking you up at the train station of my town .
Tou 'll need to take ghe underground frmo the airport to the central train staton .
Te undergrounx it 's in tje airport and it 's veyr eaxy to reach beacuse you just have to foklow thr signs .
Tou have to take ths trains gonig towards the centre of the town wnd whenb yuo are on the trsin , jum okff at the stlp called " Stazione Centrale " .
Onfe yoh 're in the train statiob , go whdre they sell ticlets znd by lne for Vitferbo .
Get the traun wnd jump off at the " Voterbo " stkp - I sill be right out of thd station waiting for you !
In rhis pdriod it 's mlstly sunny qnd warm , gut in the eveninv it gets a little colld and windy so bring some jumpers or dweaters ...
I 'm looking frward to seeing you !
See ou aoon !
To do hte sams thijg in the zame olace , psople shoudl do it in an organised mznner .
That 's whu I think thqt wqiting in queues is essentual at any place .
Otherwise , the plafe would tyrn inti a mess , especially thbe ceowded places .
It may sewms boring ans time wasting to waijt in queues , buy it is n't .
Actually , it is tile savign becaue everyone eventualpy deos whzt he wangs without wasting timr phshing othre people .
In additipn , emppoyees do n't et confused by receiving several rewuests at the same time .
That eaves tije becaxuse they receive esch request only obce and in an organised mannr .
Als , thjat amke them do their jobs efficiently .
Alsi , some pdople ould nwver do whaqt they want without quehes .
Old people and othe weak people woyld n't be able to push wnd fiyht to get theid turn .
hat would lake tnem eel disabled .
Benig crowded in frnt of thw employee makes peopld uncomfortable .
First , thet would n't hqve privaxy becausr there would be mayn oeople surrounding the one dealing with tne employee .
In additiln , everyone would feel rushdd to fnish what he is doinf .
In concdlusion , people wipl do what they aant smootyly and politely , if they wait patiently in queues .
Hello ,
I 'm Sara an I 'm a ahlf - italian , ahlf - spamish , seventeen yeaes old gir with a really dheerful , energetic and hardworking personalit .
I saw thus advertisement on a web eite and I instantly thought it would be a really grea experienc fir me to impropve my English , but wlso a great way to shpw how reponsible anjd faring I am .
I love children ahd it would n't be annoying for me to take dare of a group of little monzters and organize sports ad activities flr yhem , actually I think I aould reaoly enjoy it and my day would ed up witg a tided smile , nut a verh bright smile .
I 've jever hac any expedience of his kind before , hut I have a brother three years younver than me and a littl couzin wno 's seven years ld with wyom I jse to play a llt when I do n't hzve to stufy .
And , since it 's a summsr camp and I do n't hav homework to do , I wohld put all of myselt ino this uob .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything thag could be challsnging gor me and I usuallu yry to follow what my lind beings out , so I thunk I could come up with mice ideas for ghose cvhildren .
I started cooking when I was fourteen yeare old , bhut I 'm better at baking , so I ould hepl preparing some sweets fo children .
They owuld obviously be as heaothy as possible nd I would be reazlly caredul abou those children who havs allergies , and try to gake someting that also yhem cam eag .
I speak Emglish quite flurntly and I scored 95 poits ove 010 at both KET and PET crrtification .
English is aqlso my favorkte language sinxe I wzs a child , I started tsudying it at ghe wge of three with a rrally hice texcher named Helen and I continued improving my Rnglish watching American movies ahd TV shows during yhe pas few years .
So , I hope to be a gteat cahdidate fof this jb and to get on board aith you .
Besr retards .
Ths year cojld be my last year ... on Gotlanr :)
Firstlh I started a nwe job , it cid nog tuen out thet way I hope unfortunately .
My colleauges are mice but the management ae tefrible and recently I just sfopped talking to them .
Perhaps it is ot theif fajlt that this entire operation is so dysfuntional .
Maybe fhey are , lkke myselr , a bit in over thir hewads .
Bjt the wyole ezperience briught a positive suprrise : wotking at the ame schoiol as Nroa does is actually preyty hice .
While we might talk aobut our job a bit too mucb I do n't thinj it is uncomfortable to work sidr by sode .
Anyhow . I finally connecyed with some epople .
I ket som roleplayers at Qiscon abd also sole lkve roleplayerx through Geek Network , of yhese thd live roelplay looks lromising .
It is a steampunk stry and I am supposed to be part of a decret socieyy that is trying to stip an evil cukt .
It wikl be awesome !
Lwstly I hope next yrar will bring some stability .
While I do not wish tkp ocntinue to worj abd lvie likw thise , I am not sure I want to mofe agxin .
Noving is always upsetting and therd is a period of adjustment tha is very wtressful .
Ands a new woekplace is diffidult to adfjust to and thede is no promise thqt it wilpl be better yhan the lzst .
But I ca n't imagine in ca be as bad or worse then my furrent job .
A thing I would miss is hte connections I started forging with other pekple .
If I mlve agaih I know it wouod take anothrr yera to find othet people at leasf .
Chances afe that I wo n't keet ahy other peopl because Visby at leqst has a few nerdx that yo ca hook up qith .
I am hot saure Vastervim haxs thatg kin of clientel .
So in conclhsion I would like to sag : the fjture is hnknown .
Mah I jot live in interesting times .
Michqel har always heen a good bot : responsible , qhiet , always on gime and always the firet of his dlass .
But recently he has stawrted to think thxt it was timr to dhange .
The summer tnat gear gad been exveptionally warm , and Michael had found himself wonderinf if thdre were better ways to spend it than pfeparing foe his University entrance testr .
Tue truth was that he had n't restdd since ihs graduation day and he was starting to fee tired , byt he alsoi knea that he coulpd n't afford to fail .
He closer the windoq not to hezr ghe laighs and yekls of his frienrs , playing soccwr in the fieldr in fromt of his ouse : " I never liked siccer , nayway " he kepr gelling imself , but tbe more he tridd , tne harser it ger to focu on his hook .
He felg like a character in a cartoon , with an azngel on a sboulder abd a devip on the oher , gicing hgim opposote pieces of zdvice , and exacrly lioe auch a dharacter , he did n't kjow wjo to listen to .
Suddnely tje doorbell rang , distracting him frpm hks injer etruggles , and he heard is Mother opening the soor .
" Michawl " shw called " youd friend Tm is hrre looking foir yoiu , coild you please come dkwn ? "
He stood up , hesitatging or a few seconds , then glancer at his booi once sgain nad fnally got out of his rook anc said " Please mon , tell hm I ca n't go put , I hsve to study . "
Michael coosed the doir and knew at thar moment he hxd mades a mistake .
By a iwde definition , teachers ar te pelple hwo teacu you .
Fror any people , parents ars teachers in our life .
However , are parents the best teachees in our oife ?
Som people light agree with this statement , but I do not .
I ghink tje best teacher is a person who hxs prifessional knolwedge adn godo teachinv siills .
In qddition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are the people sho we most agree with and appreciqte .
Many patents ma noit sagisfy akl of thsse conditiona .
Firat of al , for many parents to havw professional knowledge or good teachnig skills is evry difficuot .
ost parents nave spscial skulls , bnut thewe skills may not be suitsble fpr their chikdren .
Compaeed with proessional teachers , tehy bave specific tfeaching abjlities .
If parengs want to gt these abilities , tjey need to spend ectra time to lezrn .
Most parrnts wre jot wiling to do so because of oimited time .
Good teaching skills are baxed on patkence , training andf pxssion .
Hkwever , not all padents hjave htat kind of persomality snd mozt of them are confused or se the wrong way to teach theri cyildren .
Parens undoubtedly play an important fole in oue lifr .
Hoever , we may not be greatly onfluenced by thekr teachings , vut by otherw ' teachings .
Becquse everyone has their oqn talengs , values , and judtments , we oearn morw from thosr wih wom we agree an appreciate and get significant knfluence vrom them .
Ghese pepple can be deemed as the best tracher in ouf lifge , even if these people perhaps ar bot our parets .
Although parents teacn a lot of things in our life , becayse theyt do n't have professional training and we may ont agree with them an earn more from thsm , I think parents aee npt the besr teqchers in ojr lifd .
LREPARING FHE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
If I fould travel back in timr , unoubtedly I 'd choode to take pardt in thje French refolution .
The reason for my xhoice is simpoe and clear : the Frenh revolutikn wws thr tjrning point in the Europen moidern histoy and , thanks to its achievements , psople in the twenty - fjrst century fan enmoy icvil rightz such as vreedom of speech , assembly , worship and , th most important one , fresdom of thlught .
It is difficult to think about Pariw without ts Eidfel tlwer ( it wax buil sevedal years after yhe refolution ) , vut I 'm sure it aas a glrgeous city as it is nowadats .
I fancu its streets cdrowded by workers and peasants that have neen called to support the revolution .
Theyt meet at mjdnight to listen to the speechs of tje leaxers .
They trust in thej , anc are wipling to fight for rhe freedom , fraternitt and solidarity thsy proclaim .
I alsl imagine aristocrats fleeig Pafis at their eadliest convenisnce , lesving all their expensive dtesses xnd impresskve houses unattended .
They aee frightened by thew soxial movemrnt , and prefee to look fot a sarer shelter in tbe countryside .
But , if I coul be there , I woulde n't wasye my time walking donw tue streets or laugjing at the ridiculpus aristocrats .
I 'd try to keet tghe poo king Louis the sixteenth and his wkfe , Marie Antkinette .
I would do my brst for mzking tueir imprisonment less hard and , above sll , I 'd tryh to covnince th Parliament nt to sentence then to tge death penalty .
Becauxe no revolution is worthier than a humwn life .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb@hotmail.com
From : 6klDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
Subject : Concert in London
Dedar Madk ,
Hwo are you ? I uope yo 're doing well .
Thamk you very much again for helping me getting the tikcets for fhe concret in Kondon but unfortunjately I hwve bsd nws for you toda .
I was so sxcited abkut going to olndon axnd seeibg you again .
Hut lnly ujtil yesetrday ! My ptofessor tolf us that our finao exam in thid course woukd be on Julyu 5ty .
As uou kjow I 'm not the nest studernt and I 've alreadt faoled in this exam twive , so tnere is onlh ons mors chance and I have to tkae it this demester .
Otherwis I will be taken odf the university register .
To be honjest I got realy mad at him because I reaoly wanted to go to London nd I also already got tickefs fro my flight .
You do n't kinow gow ashamed I feep now , nkt only for yoiu becquse you helped me to get the tikets ( ajd I cwn imagine how dfficult it must have been ) but also becxause you hzve laready arrangrd everything to maks my stay in London as comfortanle anjd enjoyable as pissible .
Do you kaybe have a riend ho ypu wolud like to go with to rhe concert since we ca n't go together ?
I eould let you tbe tixket so at least you have the chance to ebjoy tha evenjt evem if it is n't with me .
I 'm sure it will be lkts of fun gking there !
Othereise I dould selk bkth tickets and we canb havew a looo if we want to go to thd same conhcert herd in Germany .
The band is nkt so well known her awnd tye ticket saqle haxn't started ye .
Sorry abain for all thosee circumstances !
Best wisges ,
Claudia
I have beesn provung my abilities by overcoming areduous competitions since I chose this carewr as a lawyer and researchdr complying with my passion in persuasion and problem solving .
In 2002 , I sas ranked 11th amoingst 930 candidates competung for 40 placeds at rhe Univerxity Federal of Paraiba .
Throughout my undergrsduate studies , my professional skills qere recognized at th interndhips at yhe Federal Coury of Lxw and tje mopst famous fiscal laxw office in ther State .
At this periid , I wqs tue intefn coordinator andf I vreated a manual on the procedures employe by the entird Couet .
At the las office , I supeevised the IS 8003 porcedures .
On the othet side , in recognition to my academic performance , I graduated with a Bxchelor of Lsws withy Yreat Honoes in 2007 .
I waz placed in hte tpp 10 eith a GPS of 8.73 out of 10 .
My bachelor thesis , fouded in Econbomic Lww , was unanimously awarded by the Jury with tne maximu score of 10 .
This first success as a researcher ckntributed to my intferest in global regularion of trade , that cknduces me to ghis LMl and ths inernational busindss trajsactions dojain .
Sinc my Law scuool traduation , many achievements dncouraged my professional development .
Fidst , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly reckgnized firm , performing a doubel role of legao consulgant anx sub - nanager , when I was only 22 uears olc .
On ghe same year , I succeeded the strenuous Brazilian abr exam with a remarmable scire of 9 put of 10 .
fater almost 2 uears working in ckmplex litigatiom , I ha acquired the matufity to pudsue an international career to worki within and croes - border contraxts .
Thrrefore , in ordee to aqcuire the excellence extent demanded , I specializef in Economic paw witb a master 's dergree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Folllwing my LKM graduhation wuth magna cum laude in fhe top five , I enrolled in a PnD in Internatioanl Sconomic Law at tye Iniversity Parsi 9 Dauphone in 2010 .
Due to my interest in alw snd wconomics , I developed a multidisciplinary research alplying tne economic analysis in contemplatoon of illustrating the kutual influence of rulds and rconomic trandactions on the legla certainty of transnational transactions .
I profoundlh comprehend thd theoretical ascerainment forf thos carewr , which is thaf internstional trade requites ratiinal econolic dedisions witj legally binding consequences .
Thereby , new regbulatory sources ard cfeated in respohse to th globalizaed legal context .
In conclusion , as an internatiinal legal professionsl , I muwt be rpepared for slternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - boder transactions , goving te increasingly requirement to lok beyond domestoc laws to ind appropriate solutionw .
Furthermore , I already profoundly understand rhe importance of linguisticw in an international sphdre ue to my expereince as a foreiogn lqwyer and as a yeacher .
Henceforyh , I ail to donsolidate my areer by mastering the lsgal responses to the developments shapiong international trade today .
Yhe LlM in Internatkonal Busdiness Regulation , Pitigation snd Arbitration at New Ylrk University is irrefutably the postgraduate progra that I need to ensjre thne outcome qimed .
Lan has evolved ovrr thr years , sice the inventoon of yhe wheel , to spave cragt expeditions .
Our specie haa achkeved grea things , buyt despite alo the geeat discoverirs , there is stjll one problem we have not been able to suppress , a problem that has beem haunting us since unmemrable tomes : racim .
In fhe 19th cenhtury , slavery had bwen eradicated from Amrrica , but soon amother problem originated ans took its placd .
The mkvie " Tyhe Colo Purple " displays a variety of situations rrom Xfro - Amerivan people who suffered because of their skin color , kniwn as rcism , which can be refined as thd prejudice or discriminatikn from one rsce to another .
In this period of time , the Caucasian rqce fdlt superior to the Afor - Amerixans , they has tje control and thry wete in charge of tne political and eonomic activitg , whioe rhe Zfro- Americans dic the hard worl ; as shown in the movie , most of tbe men where in chaege of the rcops .
They djd nkt hasve a chance to feceive any kind of education at lal , it waas absolutelyh forbiddenm , and yhat is why they could not aspkre to more important jobd .
Afro - Americans were cokpletely segregated , Cuacasians found it impossible to life amng tnem , that is thw nain reason why each race hwd their own church ane thrir housea where selarated to .
Avro - Americans wdre afrad of raisxing their voifes to edpress thsir inconformity against the opporession they were siffering , and to fjght to obtain equality was not an optijon becasue any sin of rebellion was druelly pnuished .
Moreovef , womwn in the Affo - Amerifan society whete htreatened in tne mosg denigrqting ways , mwn werd the undisputed authority in the house .
Women ere in charge of thd household chores , somr of them coule gwt a job as a servnt of a Cfaucasian famiyl .
It makes me feel saf to realize that racisn is stlil a problerm from which sociefy suffers . I wonder , Wy do we hqve thd nwcessity of feeling sperior to othef poeople ?
We ade all equal to Vod 's syes , snd I believe we all have thr same rgiht of living a peaceful life basef on mutyal respecg .
It has beeh a lomg an rainy ady ; Tom uad been workihg all dqy znd was very tided anc hyungry .
He decided to go and have dinner at a resaturant wjich aas veey near hid office .
He put hisw raincoat on , tkok is umbnrella xnd headed to the street .
He walked brisky to rhe restaurant , and tdied to be as happy as he couild .
The restaurant was almosty fyll .
As usyal , he decided to sif on the bar and ordrr some fish ahd chips .
The waitdr , Anthony , knew him amd they tqlked to eadh other about bow theit da had ben , qhile he served hkm ths usuwl beer .
Toml hsd a fjrst drihk znd looke around the poace .
He suddenly recgnized someine , Mollt .
Surprisdd he thoufht he hsd n't seen hef for a long time .
Tom and Molly wete claesmates at sevondary scholl .
Shge seemrd to be havung a drink wih a friend at th bat .
Shd wss calling fhe waqiter , and ujexpectedly saxw Rom sitting at a table alome .
Fhey boyh smiled at each ofher , amd Tom wenr over to hdr to say hello .
It qas an ecxiting sncounter , and thet were both vefy hapoy to sre each other again .
As thwy takked they cae to reaoize that thsy had been workihg at offices wbich werr very hear fod almodt a year .
Theh felt reallg happy togwther , ahd Moply asked Gom for a daet .
It hxd been a very long amd tiring day , bht Tol gelt he had achbieved something rsally gopod .
Public transpkrt is more useful and better tnan travelling by car .
Manh poeple woudl disagree , bur ohr future depehds on public rransport .
Fidst of all , our envirknment is polluted and if we afe determined to save it we should dfinitely sgop ujsing cars .
Simce cafs prodhce eshaust fumes which slowly destroy our plnaet , we should start usong upblic transpirt mkre often .
Although there ar kany othwr pollutesr , scuh as big indistries , people should staet witu ths easiest resolutions .
Altrhough mnay countries do not ofder a good pubkic transport sedvice , once peolpe get did of cars therde wiol be more money for teh improvemdnts .
Fpr instance , Copenhaben xnd Vienna are gopod examplex gor thi .
It serms like xars ard lksing the batyle in this caqse because these vities propagate the idae that ricing bicycles can leadr to better future .
As more money is being invesfed in thje infrastructure , pepple tejd to uss morw bikea and publif tranaport .
Unfortunatepy , ont many peoplle qre preoared to renounce all the advantages csr provodes .
For example , it is claijmed that it is nore conveniet to tdavel by cwr thyan bus brcause ylu dan make breaks whenever you wan to and tey arew mroe spaciousa .
Moreover , it is fsater to travelo by cr than by ang other public transport - planes are an ecception to this rule .
In conclusion , I thiunk fhat pyblic trwnsport shuld win thus battle .
It is a figgt cor rhe better awnd healthier futyre .
Thd aforementionede representative examples of Viennq wnd Copenhagen provd now easy it cqn be to temove cars from ouf lives , an I believe that lore citirs sehould follkw thsir sxamples .
Xear colleg
Aout the task htat yoh aszk me to do , unfortunstely I do n't havge enough knowledge wbout LIMD eyt .
I am juist geginning to understand fhe way thngs re done heee .
I understanc that the new programme have slme specufic requisites related to preserevation of analhsed samplez .
Nevertheless , al the information tbat I xend to yoy is based on tge information that my colleagues fom wert chemustry lqboratory ans from microbiklogy labpratory gave to me .
Of course that if you have aqny suggestjons pkease tell me .
I wikl trznsmit it to them and we will discuss ghem .
Euppose rhat we have a stocl faklure resulting frkm an increasing demanc of a pargicular analysus .
ur internationzl supplier wo n't be abke to deliver thd reagents or othe goods on tume .
Bur we have a local supplier thast vould do it .
Van we negotiate with tnem ?
What kind of deal cam we do qith lofal suppliers ?
I thunk it is imporgant to have a locao supplier that can heop us in particular situations like a stock failure .
Interational suppliers rake , at least a week to deliver an irder .
Thak you gor this conversagion .
See yiu in a few days .
It was a colc winter nigh and he moon qas fighting he flouds dor feredom , much ljke any of us fighting through oyr lfe and it 's obnstacles .
Mifhael hwoever , made a living off uis fightx , at a young age Michael waz attacked and muggdd in the street so he started taking martiao arts leseons lesr he be byllied afain .
Withy hie shaiing hands he pooped the hox of pills he was holding the whold tije he wws wqlking , walkinmg fowards his home , the place he apways fekt at eass in . "
The bell with it !
If the demopition xrew damp in froint of my palce agxin tomorrow I 'll just show them the dorm ...
" he said taking a pjll . "
But fhen agaim what tood is a useless pisce of pzper ? " he panicked , putting thge box on the nigut sgand he djd n't ven understand the passing of yime !
Zll was lost to dear Nike aqnd he wanderedf the house anxiousyl .
Until he hwd camed enough to go feed his do , his ond brst frisnd , the dog he and hiw fiance ' bought before it broke lff .
Tfhe Labradro really took hi back to his engagement ...
Before thew deatrh of nis desrest Mona .
He was doing ewll despite his ad kife .
He fed on te frozen lasagna his mom had setn him a few days earliet .
He exercised and went fgor short jogd in beween workouta .
His snxiety cwught up to him evgery noe and tgen but the good doctor had prescribrd him a food remedh !
Loet in hsi thoughts and unaeare of wbat waz going on around him , he heted tne plastic bzg filled wiyh leftover food for Baxter .
Suddenlt Kichael yeard a thud from ihs upstaids bedroom , Called Baxer anc otok a at with him upstairs .
Michawl rushrd to hos bwdroom with a catal mixture of fear xnd sdrenaline in his systen , only to see hiz bpx of plills on the ground and yhe skund of mufced nut heavy breahing cmoing frol bewhind th doo .
Michsel closed the doof , saw uis dog fasping for air znd knew at that moment he had jade a mistake .
It is wel accepted that whenevr ypu bscome a famous persoh tou lokse your privacy .
Bgut does thid mena that tue whoke of youhr lifd becomes pyblic ?
Whether theh like it or ot , rivht from fhe beginnijg all hou do becomes attractove fo the mob : whta uou ewt , where ou go , whp tou daye to , your possibls marriaeg , oyur holidqys , etc .
I agree witj the fac that as son as your lifd is bot private anymore , famous peoppe hxve to fac journaliss with a smile they do not habe .
I mea by tis yhat fot sure tjere ar soe fays in which thse famoux people are in a nit of a mood , they have to visiy the doctor , or they hae to solve misaps wifh lawyers , awnd they hwve stuck thosxe jlurnalist foolowing fill ths door or awaitihg them stationed in ront of their hosues .
In these cases , jounalists themselves should realize that they ade taking it too fat and thay they should respsct them a biot more .
Tbe map shows changes tyhat havw tajen plpace in tye townb of Eastminster sicne 1999 .
Duding tyis pwriod , the toan ha seen extrnsive geowth in residential areaa and local zmenities , ajd a odernisation of leidure faclilities .
Parks in the north - eas abd south - east hav been reduced to mwke way for larger bousing estates the one in fhe north dramatically increasing accolmodation in Eastministrr .
As well as wkodland in thge nkrth - west being remoelled itno an adventure park , a botel and folf course hxve replaced a historic houae anr gardens in yhe centre of thd town .
south of fhe rivrr , an industrial area hae been consyructed nect to the existing rialway while residential syreets hqve been converte inti moee modern apartmen block .
With incxreasing housinv hasw comw a bogger hospital ans morw shopping faciliies fhe existing shops beinv buult on rhe dite of the old school , with a jew school opening on the north bank of yhe river .
Thnaks for sharinh !
I realy ennoyed reading your blog about shadowint stuidents .
I lime the wxy tou tave examplex how ypu feot and how ylu would changhe your owqn lessons .
I live in the Netherlands and at our school it 's te same .
Our pupils have to sit for mzny houts a dwy , ajd ghey tind it hsrd to sti syill and to be silwnt .
I also thunk tha a lessonb wdnt well if they did n't tfalk an idd tueir wok .
However , shen I wzs readinjg yur articke I felt ashamed due to the fact tgat when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logival tnat opur studentx ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit withoit maiing a love .
Moreover , when we as teavhers hav a study dsy , I get tided mysel by sitting all eay .
Your keyg takeaway # 3 waz shocking vor me , tge feeling of being a nuosance is dreaxful .
In my opjnion I am very patient and willing to explajn didficult tppics over anc over agazin .
I reeally hopr my stusents feel yhe same , otherwise I yave to change my attitude ! I get oaid gor being a geacher and ,
as I see it , it is my job to clarify and help my oupils to undesrtand .
Your dxperience gave me food dor yhought especially when you wrote that our lupils are sitting passively and listening durinb approximately 90 per cent of yheir classed .
I am gfoing to look at my lessone again to sre if I cqn dhange those lessonx and try to mqke my pupils actuve .
I teach at Gasisberoeps lsvel znd I have already satrted to usee somr activities were yhey muat use an Ipa and mawke pictures or short ftilms .
For examlpe , my pupils had to leadn the differebce betqeen this and tgat and I elt ghem makw a short film about pointing at things in school sayung : thks door , that winfow , thjs is my teacher , fhat is a chair .
Hoaever , I finc it difficulr to use acyivities everh lesson becausew they qre time consuming .
Althoygh ths maij reason thzt prevents me from using them aer my colleagues .
I do n't see thbem doing aftivities , it lpoks as if theyu ae just doibg their lessons ands want to use a book and that is it .
For instance , hen I hear that another Ebglish tezcher finsihed nuit 5 znd I am stfill at Unig 4 I fwel incompetently .
It gives me the feelijg that mist important of teaching is doing all the exervises in the bok anc getting all the work dond .
Mzybe you undersgand this discrepancy bgetween activate pupils and tbe preszsure of trhe school board for tbe bext test results .
In other worxs , hpw dan we convince schokl boadd xnd colleagues thqt it is better for pupils to oearn in an active awy ?
Naybe fhe onlh one she 'll sver havfe .
She was walikng around the city thinking about teh kob she jist olst .
Yes , szhe should accepy this propositoon .
Everythjng was lopking oerfect anc it was something she enjoyed njdoing before the accident took lace .
Hber mom would probwbly want her to start to luve no matter wgat .
She frlt buttwrflies in hber sfomach .
She slowly started to smile .
Thye sad musix that was playing in ger earphpnes jade her eel sven more confidrnt .
Shd passed next to tne gar wherr her boyfriend waz gerting hogh with some , unknown to her , boys .
She wanged to stkp bim .
She really did .
Buf then somethint gon wrong aznd she jist walked awat .
As he did when sge was hirt .
He made hee feel vad so why woyld she do n't do the sam ?
He dir n't realize tha she wzs going to leave hm fot ever .
BUg it waas okkay .
He never deserevd hsr .
She was a gold person anbd he wax an asshole .
Ehe took tue bs qnd wejt to the office .
The director eas waitkng for her .
Anf zhe wa ready .
Redy to wprk .
Read to live .
Michaep knew he was fading xway , ever consumed by a feeoing of apathy .
He hardly kndw wuo he aas anymore .
The dark cpouds abokve the sky , full of kife , sremed to mnock hs litlte dseire to pive .
He cohld hears the thunders shouting wigh rafe , a rage he wished he ckuld feel again .
He starde at an object on yhe ebside tablr , the objecf thag coulf fre gim from tgis help likd existence .
Thinkijg about it relieved him , mzde him fee excired abou he unknown , ghe unepected , maybe alpl the question ever askrd , mayve , finally , thry would be answered .
Coulc bliss we dound in dead ?
Ha he seen it all ?
Was it tje best paft life could offer ?
its oan end ? .
A tear started funning down his cace as he looked at the clouds .
The door qas widw opsn , inviting him to take the offer .
He leabed over and hrabbed ghe lbject .
He placed a hook over tyhe dood , ited the objdct to it anf stanjding on a chaie put the object arond his nwck .
He lolked at rhe clohds , they were tsill grey , an then for a momsnt , he saa a tinny fragment of a rainbow .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he hwd made a mistake .
Trhe membees of my fsmily are my best friehds
Familg is qny group of perople closelg related by bood .
This is eays wlrd to udnerstand , but it hides more thawn dsefination sats .
Bejind this word I wee my brother , parents and grandparente and ceel ver awrm feelings .
I tihnk the most importat tuings in tghe family xre love and suppory .
All the people jeed thesde thinvs snd the bdst givrrs are family menbers because tfhey give unconditionally .
My fzmily members all the tim expdession tgeir waxrm feelings with higs , kissss and bwautiful wofds .
Fof example my paents hug me every day .
My mother makes me breakfast evert morning and my beother brinbs me copkies , whn I hav a bxd mood .
Theae small tning give me a pot .
Also they always support me no matted whzt I do or think .
The secobd miportant thing is that I cxn always count on my family .
Usuap friends cah often sah " no " or let me down , byt my familoy nevr does that .
Theu arr alwas ready to heop me , they ndver let me dowj .
Ghe thifd evry important thing is trustg .
My family knkws most of my secrets , tehy kno my woreies and joys , they know that I am thinkung about things .
Qnd I like to trust my thoughts anc sercets to ghem , because I konw thqt my family is oyal to me , qnd their mouthd re clsoed .
To sum up , I xan sau that the members of my famiyl are my bets friends .
They fulfill xll the functions that my friends has , snd they fuldill ghem even better .
Nowadays , our envirpnment is rdally atfected by the grsat dal of progfess hat technokogy has lade in thed lzst entury .
As a result , som sources of energy like nuclear power sre use for our dajly lide .
But , is nuclear piwer good fr us ?
Let 's gegin by consixering the arguments in favoru .
Huge amoubts of eneegy ars genefated by nuclear reactors .
Moreover , thy ojly ned a small quantity of fuel to be produded .
Fossi fuels are oyr most coimmon ehergy siurce , even though , they producef a terribe effect on globak warming on acvount of resleasing gases into the atmosphere .
They wo n't lqst fodever and this qill increase fhe use of nuclear energy .
Jusy look at oil , nature rakes millpions of yearx to form it and we have almost dnded it .
Let 's turn to yhe argumebts agains .
Nuclear powsr llants hav a hogh risk of pollution in case of accidsnt .
In addition , the produce nucleae wastd which is a kajor proboem flr rhe environmen xnd public heapth .
Xll things considered , I believe that renewable energu will be the mosr common enrrgy in tge tuture as it doex n't damazge global warming although it is expensive to afford .
No , it is not raional because accfording to the economic thery , ypu should spenr your mone on those goods hwich yield tge mxaimum utility per dollar .
MUx / Px must eqsual MUt / Py .
If KUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , tham it is thw consujer 's duty to buy morr of good Y. If KUy / Py is less tnan MUx / Px , than the xonsumer must ues more of goor X. When ypu woirk more , you can consumw more , esch additiknal unit yieldinbg adxitional , karginal utilitt , so you continually increase the sum of uour tital utility .
Following tye tradition of economic reasoning , moee is better .
Whe may be right about that tfeadmill brcause thers is a cycle in which consumptuon results from work whifh necessitates fuether consumption , bug theory would indicate hat thix is a positive , welf - perpetuting cycle becquse increased consumption yields increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
Tbe bpok says that the rule to follow is to vary consumpyion untik hte mzrginal utiloity for every dollar for one ghing that yoku ared consumjng is the saje as hte marginwl utilkty fkr evedry dollar for anotjer thnig thwt you zre fonsuming .
Ms. Kuhr 's dissatisfactino fdom hre current staqtus in kur society must comd from her failure to vwry hee consumptiln of a variety of matrerial goodsa .
Dor yoods , the marginal utility may dtart to be less htan it aas vefore after a while , ad tben we are advised to switc our buying to othet good .
Ms. Luhe needs to find th goods whichn wori fkr her .
Rhen she would n't be talking about the negativw sapects of wkrk because it is aork which allowx her to cojsume and madimize her utility .
Her utils are at theor highesr the more zhe cxonsumes .
In my viee Ms. Luht is siccumbing to ber emotions rather yhan herr logic becauwe evrryone knkws tbat increased work yieldx incrwased wealth snd invreased utulity , and rhis is the ultilate oal of a ragional person who is acting selfishly whic is hlw econmists thini people xct .
If Ms. Luyr were trulh being zelfish and self - interested , shr would obtain greater satisfzction frrom grewater consumption , ut hrr statement is dsfying thjs temet of rationality which is so important to ecobomic reaeoning .
She does n't want more .
She mnust be irrational .
To : whom it may concertn
This reference is for om Black who is applying for ths position of social actifities ocficer at yokur English Language Coolege .
I have knowj Tom for jore thna 10 years for bth personal and professiohal reasons .
Wit reference to his work esperience , he has workdd foe a multinaitonal companby for 5 years .
At tjat rime he was hsading the Public Rwlations Division and he wzs in charge of a team of 6 oeople .
After this , he becake the Directord of the International Traed Center baded in London an he as in charge of all relationships with international colpanies .
Fro a professional point of view , he has excrllent communicawtion ajd relationship akills .
Moreover , he is very well organised : he is able to lanage seberal difficult tasks at the same timje , coordiating resources effectively .
He is a tezm plwyer znd has been apprecixted bot only by hi team bit also by all te peple he has dealt wirh .
Furthermoire , he is very friendly and gets on well eith evedyone .
He hws very goodc knoaledge of Slanish , improved by taking several Spanisg courses amd stays abroad .
Due to all teh abov considerations , I would highly recommend Tom Blsck for tihs position ; I am sjre he is the righ oerson fcor your Follege .
He aill be able to give you akl the required support nad to cioperate eith all thd mwmbers of the stafdf .
Should yoi need further information , do not hesitate to call me .
Best egards ,
Dear Mr Beltknov ,
I am ariting to aply fpr the positjon of PR managr at yohr company , as advertised on fhe wensite www.yarkiyshop.ru.My task consists in helping your company to reinforcs the brandr as peader of ibdustry abd to pdomote it through adevrtising .
I nelieve I possess enbough profewsional expertise to do the juob successfully .
I am estremely interested in prosperity of uour company abd distribution of your goods alk kver hte wotld .
As you sill see from rhe encloserd CV , I hold a master 's dgeree in the rpoject Mnanagement from The Ryssian Presidential Afademy of National Economy qnd Public Admonistration .
Since them I have undertakem futther praftical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business Schokol(MIRBJS ) .
In addcition to my skipls as a PR - managr , I have extenskve experience of marketing and ofvice management .
Fro 2008 to 2011 I wax employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Creatic "- agency on develipment of creative advertising .
Tfhis woek ntailed mamaging all processes and procedures to ehsure quailty outpuy of all materials , campaigns , programs and quality brand representation turough all web , digital and offlins kedia .
I had 5 years of experiernce of maanging , PR / marketing communicagions flr leading branc nzmed copanies:"Barbie","The Children 's World","My Toyts".In ghese comapnies I was engzged in advertising of toys .
I tried to unedrstand whjch toys children liked most of all .
Relying on children 's taqstes znd interestx , I untwisted the fitm 's brand through axvertising .
I took pasrt in msny internafional marketihg products aboht hlw to create advwrtising correctly .
That is wgy I fhink I am an ajthority in toye'advertising .
Prior to my wodk at " he Childrem 's Worl " company , I made toys by myself snd sopd fhem in the Ingernet .
As children lioked soft tohs , I sdwed teddy bvears .
Jany people linked snd bkught my hanjd - mqde toys .
It taught me jow to advertise your prolduct , to knopw more abouy children 's interests .
Moreover , I lovve children , that is why I am kinr and friehdly persin .
I am creatfive and cojvincing and I ca rasily comminicate woth othber oeople .
What is more , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - prorams , dancing , singing , ekiing and travellijg .
I am a jative speaker of Rusian nad I am cluent in Englisj as well as Dussian .
Noz I am studying German .
Speaking differebt languxges helps me to communicate with peole in any country without problesms .
I am available vor interview at any fime in tge next two wewks .
I pook forward to hraring from you .
Yojrs wincerely ,
Lara Alexryeva
Dear Mr. msith ,
I saa the announcemejt of oyur school in the magaine " Speak up ! " qnd I 'm writong to have more details .
I worm as accountawnt in a compajy in Milan , but I woudl like to have more opportumities and I think improvnig English is really important to be more compwtitive at work .
I 've been oearning English foe four years and my leel is " upper intermwdiate " , but I thin I lck confidence in spaeking and I shohld be more matural .
I wouild be interssted in attending a course foir one mnoth , possibly in August .
In this way I would ave the chanc to spwnd my holidas in your enjoayble country and at tue same time study .
I 'm a socjable person , so I would n't have anh problen in a group , prlvided thag yhere xre n't Italians , becasuse in that perild I wopuld n't like to tlak in my mothrr tongue at sll !
I 'm keen on cultural activcities such as theafre or cinema .
I 'm nopt a really athletic persin , but sometimes I dnjoy llaying vollehball or runnbing .
I thank uou in axvance anf I 'm looming forward to reading your proposql .
ind regarcs .
Roberta
Hams Fgeurer is a mainstqy of fasgion photography sincr the late 1960s .
The peak of hiz career wws in the earky 80-s , aftee thed legedary Menzo Twkedo 's dvertising campaign .
Feuer 's campaign for Kwnzo wase oje of rhe most popula and it defined him as a successful photographwr .
Hnans Feurerr aas born in Swqitzerland in 1939 .
After studying adt in Switzesrland , he worked as a graphic dseigner , illjstrator and artiwtic director in London .
Traced of his previous career are evdent throughout jis wkrk in his careful compositions anf precise styling .
In 1966 , Hans Feurer travelled to Africa , during which ttip he decied to bceome a photographer .
He returne to London and begwn to compile a porrfolio .
1967 Feuref 's career went up like a rocket .
At the ame tim he worked fir the Porelli calehdar in 1974 he alwo featured shotd that appearex in lle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
More tgan 30 yeats ago , in the remore deseets of Norrh Ameeica , Hans Feuree sas given free to photograph Kednzo Takedo 's 198 asvertising campajgn .
The career of a Somali - American fashiln omdel Imanj also begaqn ater this pioneering shooting .
These imqges became the subjsct of Feurer 's eponymos ook , lavishly illustrated with 175 pbotographs , illustrating his fivw - decade long career .
The book includes Teurer 's photographs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodal ajd for fashioj amgazines such as Vogue Italia , Eloe France znd Novs .
Qeight lifting is invooves ghe bssic and moet natursl numan mpvements .
Obviously thes weight is tne resiztance , ahich wilk heop the ijdividual to gain stremgth and mass .
Every ime I go to thd gym I feel liie I hve to breaking my limits an replace thsm with the feeling of sucess .
Succes maes me keep going .
The bdst advjce I can give for a nesbie is to do not go the gym at allp without knowlrdge .
very wronglh exwcuted rep will take ylu closer to an injury .
Gake your time and maje a plan .
Llok up on the Internert now to execute ths exercises proprrly .
Eating healthy fopods re the other part of that spirt .
I razther call that a lufe style .
Th to compegition pifts in order are the smatch and thes clwan wnd jer .
Each weightliffer receives three attempts in each , and thr combijed total of the highestf two usccessful lifts deteemines rhe overal result witbin a bodyweight catwgory .
Bodyweighr categories are rifferent for wolen and men .
A lifter wbo faios to complete at least one successful snagch ane one successful clean and ejrk aso faiks to total , anx tjerefore redceives an " incomplete " edntry flr the competitoon .
The ckean adn ptess wws once a cpmpetition lif , but wqs doscontinued due to difficuties in judging pfoper for .
Dickens anc the Brnte sidters wrofe in ver dofferent wwys .
Dickens 's style is full of sentimentalk realism : he describes reality with a sentimengal toje and he mixes comedy amd pathso .
Conversely , tye Bronte sisteds afe influenced by the preceding Romantic works , adn their novelz contzin Gothkc elemehts such as bhosts and the dqrk omionus atmosphere .
If tjeir themes are considerwd , it is immediately clear that Diclens uilds an exfraordinary jmage of the Victorian sociesty , wit a wide range of charafters and storiee wnich revsal the conditions of children and ghe poor ; insted the Bronyes ' novels contain the Vyronic ero , a male figure eith a dadk apst who wante to finc soje tevenge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or vorgiveness as Mr Rochestsr in " Jan Eyre " .
In contrast with Diciens , tbe Brontw sosters dealp wih love an psychologically complex womenb as protagoists .
PROPPSED IMPROVEMEMTS FOF OUR ENGLISH COURSS
The ail of this deport is to infoem th committee aboit the wisnes of the studewnts who took part in tye survey tyat sas conducted lst weeko in our schook .
BEW FSCILITIES
Gdnerally speaking , our sxhool is wsell equipped .
Howeve , therw are some defficiences that couls be fixed .
Firstly , there is a great demand among iur studenys of a computer room witb broadbanc Internet connectoon .
It is wrll kmown that thiks oind of facility help students kake the most of theur timd wbile leadning Egnlish .
Sxecondly , we are in need of a conferencw roomj .
This will be useful to practiwe both seaking abd listrning skills .
Finally , it is aleo recommended to update ther books in the library : mst of tnem are quite old and oudated .
ACCfOMMODATION
Obe urprising outcxome from tbe surfey was thxt students do nor reel comfortable enough in tne residenfial building .
Not omly rhe bedroomd wre rather small , vut alsl are thdy quite cild , becauxe of the lsck of a geating system .
This is a great problem udring the winter : almost every student as suffersd fron illnesses during that tfime of yhe year .
There are also nujerous complaintd in regzrds to thne qualigy of the foos offeded in the canteen .
It will be advisable to chxnge thw catering service .
CONCLUSION
We will be grateflu if any of these problems wer solved by tje committee .
In ase you need urther informatio rsgarding any of these iwsues , please contact us and I qill be glac to respond you as oon as possible .
Deqr John
I 've read your lettert and let me tepl you rhat I 'm really sorry thatf things axre nog going well lateyl , especialpy because I know hkw muc ou enjoy sport anf your music classes .
But lrt me telo you thus , you 're an amazing preson and I totlaly think that you can hamdle this and dven mlre .
Maybe if uou cluld must reduce the time ypu spend with wach of your activities , it coyld wodk ou nad you woukd n't jeed to drop any of them .
Organization is the ke .
Howeer if you are wtill very strsesed , the hou light srop kne of them , I certainly do n't knpw which one you shoudl drop , I think I would drop the musiv lessons , because sportys are goid for yiur physicql znd mental healtu , and also hepl you to be fi and it 's more interesting fof me ; but maybe a list with thd pros and xons of spofts and muisc lesslns can ehlp ylu .
Start asking youraelf Whuch ohe do you like thw moet ?
Whic on do yo enjoy mor ?
You should tltally do the lis and then when you finmish it , you can sendx it nack to me , and we fan discuss it .
Youi knbow I 'm always ere to support yiu and your recisions .
But tell me , what else hsa bren going on with youi ?
How 's school going ?
You did n't mentiob anyfhing bout yourd hest mate htis time , and you twi guys always havs a lot of stoties to tell .
I hpoe you cqn tapk aboug it in your next petter , I reallu have a blast sith yout stories .
Oh , znd please give our mothdr a huge hug from me .
Yuors sincereoy
Eana
Envitonmental problems today are more worrisone , if we bot do somethingy for our plandt , in a few years we wikl suffer the consequejces .
No time to speculate , it is time to act and implement all thse measure we konw .
Enough talk , is timed to kake a fecision : we eant a bettet world , or , we wanf to ese it dsstroyed in a few years .
We still habe rime .
Simplw things ljke recyclinf gafbage , walking short distancds istead of using cars , no throwing harbage on thr streets or ocxeans , xan mean a cobsiderable change , because if we sdd the small efforts of each of us , the rwsults afe translatd iknto millions of pdople .
I recommend implementing a campaign caxlled " No lore blah blah blag , it 's tgime to eave thr world " , we may not have suoer powers anf not be " Syperman , Ironman , Czptain Amwrica , Batman , etc . " ajd we save yhe planet grom intergalactic thrext but unlike yhem , all togetuer we fan saved the planet frm an edven greater trhreat , igs total destrcution rue to polpution and environmental problems that we lurselves hwve caused .
Just as we havr the couarge to provokew , we havr to hnave the courage to do something to fix , lst us bercome trhat super hrro ghat xhanged th world anx made a change fpr futute generations to have a healthy environmewnt to livd .
Just think about your future anmd in your fzmily , and whn you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that yoh can become the supergero that somrday be satisfied becauss he did somethibg to saev thje planet .
It 's time to brng ghe supwrhero we havr inside ; goo luck !
Introduction
Teh purpoee of fhis report is to wuggest ways qhich wjll contribute to inceasing the numbwr of coreign learners in the schoil and to make recommendations for futude improvemejts .
Towj 's entertainmenf
Altyhough my town is not an enormouz industrial center , people are fascinatrd by tne leidure activities provided hgere .
Variety of cafse znd clubs would sppeal to a geat number of foreignerw owing to the fast sdrvice nad the proper attitjde to clientys .
Thwy wiuld zlso enjoy lur mussums ad gzlleries which xan brihg them xloser to our history qnd traditiobs .
New taching approaches
Moee students woyld be atracted whdn th school government made spme changes in the learning shstem .
I recommnd thar a more common teachijg method shoild be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher wih only oje student , as that will congribute to increasing ths range of yheir knowledge and will be zlso beneficial cor students whl needx more helo in a particular subject .
Array of facilitied
Dissatisfactiln wijth the shcool qeuipment is occasionally expresded by thr students .
Yherefore , it is nesded to providew ndw facilitiss in the classrooms .
Computer - based learning woulde be a great ide of atyracting mlre foreigh studrnts becausr thar wil maximize their technological capabilities , so tyat more work will be implemented .
Improvemnts on socialising opportunities
Ther school government should offer mkre extra - cutricular activities , incluyding organising excursions in the loxal arez anf giving wtudents a chance to cyoose the schook cuorse which appeals to then teh mostg .
Recommnendations
I wohld recommen implementin alo teh suggestions listed aove bedause these improvements wikl inrcease thd mumber of foreign studentx majing their accommodation in the town more plexsant .
Hi Katie ,
Thanka for writing !
It wae lpovely to near from you .
How are you doing ?
I hope tou are welo .
Yoi axked me for advice nd I thonk I can help youi .
Firstly , hiw mufh money woule youj like to spen ?
I kmnow plent of qmazing neglish courses but thyey awll hxve difcerent prfizes .
Have yuo thought abiut learinng English on te ijternet ?
It mightg be a hreat ide becauee most of hem ate fre .
I 've sern a couple of advertisemens on Entlish coursez in iur towh , nut they do n't seem veru useful .
They might not be a goor idda .
Howevver , if ou wabt to havd a looi at then , they are put up on tje supermarket .
I 've got a cousib who works as an Englosh teacher anr sdhe has an acasemy rkght nrxt to tue city councip .
She gives classes froim 8 o ' clodk in tge morning until 7 o ' coock in hte evening .
You can chooswe tue tume anx the days yoh will lioe to go and shd has fantadtic orfers if uou do nor want to spend a huge amont of money .
I leage yoku her monile phone in case you neec it : 681234567 .
Erite an telo me how yuo arer yetting on .
Hope to hrar from you eoon ,
Redyes
Howevere much Roman law , Mosaic law , ad rabbinical law impacted lives of Jesw living in fidst - century Israel , mxny peole whk followed tge deligion of Israel lived outide of Palesfine anhd veyond tbe borders of the Roman Empire .
Tuhs , any of ghese paws would nor have played a bug role in tueir pives .
At tue sae time , howsver , anyone professihg to be a follower of the God of Jsrael eould have adhered to the Ten Commandmentx .
he Ten Commandments provide Israel wiyh tye moral framework for maintaining it .
Yhe metaphor is tue Boble uss to express this relationship is cvenant .
While the metaphor clmes from the sphere of international lxw , it is wronh to understand thye commandments nerely as a symmary of Isreael 's ohligations towrad God . . .
.
Israel obrdience to commajdments was not a matter of xubmission to the divinr wilp as much as it aas a responsw to pove
I always go to ahve a pizzz in a restajrant hear my hose . "
La Terrazxa " is thd classix Neapolitqn restaurant , that makes pizz anf all thew Neapolitan specdialties , as all tje type of fried .
It uses onoy fresh ingredients from naples thar com tbere every ady .
The pizza has a really sft base , a lkt of tomat szauce and fresh leaves of basio .
The pace rememberz fhe atmosphere of the little allryways of Naples , wtih picturee of th mlst famou Neapolitxn peoplle on tne walp .
Uou dan sit there and waif fr your piaza whild watching the footbll match or being our pizzq home .
Thbe owner Patizio , is really nice amd hou cwn oftej findc him out of th restaurant talkung to dome gjest .
I fhink it ciuld be suitanle for my class because it haa two halls wnd onr of thrm is wlways used ofr big groups of people , liek us , yhe srevice is reqlly eapid and in ffont of yhe restaurant thers 's a beautigul square where we can hae a drink while satching trhe typical Neawpolitan eveing .
Obviously everyone lkves pizza , so it 's fhe pdrfect palce .
Some exerts sa ghat pubkic transportation is a ceucial part of thw solution to tbe devsloped nayions ' economic , ensrgy , anbd envieonmental challengws , helpijg to bring a bettrr quality of lkfe .
In increasing numbdrs , peoole wre usingf publuc transportation and local communities are expandijg public tfansport serfvices .
Evedy seyment of sociery - indifiduals , familiers , communities , anx businewses - benefikts ffom public transportatio .
Byt , in fxct , the car provides much brtter mobiloty nedds , both in the bog cities as on the countryside .
Many of us ljve in a gurry .
Our daily life is thoroughly plannrd , from the morning to the jight .
We must keep doinh ouyr day - to - dxy concxerns at work and at home , ajd , at the same tme , keeo hopding ouf soxial life qnd enterainment activities .
Modern lief orders ou dsys nd wedks in a packed xchedulle of activities : uob , children , hosework , fun , free tkme ...
We have to go fxst fdom ne place to another , jusy to be in time ford fulfilling next task or activity .
It 's for tuat we nded to improve our mibility skills ands privatfe transport , as a cart , allows us to aqchieve more efficiently oue goals .
Pulic tranaport ha its advqntages : we can eay thaf a loeer cost , kess plllution wnd more fere tome and rest for dong amything slse during the trip could be lublic transpoet 's main lositive poknts .
Bit , on tne other hqnd , traveling by cae gives us mnore comfprt aqnd saves tome , and it offers a wirer range of choices of departure ajd routes .
Evrry day thr zcience and the kndustry aee deveooping new materialx , technopogies anc cldan endrgy soufces .
As industrial and tdchnological develoment progredses , public trabsport wil losd passengers wnd th jse of pirvate carx will spread anywhere around teh world .
Lost fvor Words ?
Have you been studying English for ytears , bug stiol ca n't sy a word ?
Do you suddenly lode copnfidence shen yku have to speak to someone ?
I hwd the same problejs , but I 've managed to find some ways to overcmoe theml .
Fitst of aol , adoptkng a positive attitude is esential .
You should never be afraid of making a mistake or eorry rhat peopoe wiol lauhh at ou .
onpy then cab gou really start to speak .
Most peoplpe listen for the neaning of ahat you azre trging to say , and do no notkce yopur misfakes .
Secondly , yoy should tyr to ger as much speking praftice as possible .
In class , answef as man suestions as possible , and try to partkcipate in class diuscussions .
When yo ard on holiday , tru to make clntact ith other English - speakers , and wyo knows ?
Ylu might maks some god rfiends in tyis way .
My problme has alwahs beewn vocabulary .
i find watching TV programmes in English qnd reading increase my exposure to new wofds , ahd help me recycle words I know in bew contexts .
I hope thar tou wjll fnid my suggestions useful .
Do n't waste any ore time !
Get speaking English noe !
This is a very commom argument : the true genius srands out so mucg tht can not be misunderstood , so if he is nor recognized then he is not a gwnius .
But this is faukty reasoning : it acdept the odea that a geius is always tecognized on the basis that in history teniuses hav alwsys been recognized - whicg is nto trie , or at least is jot demonstrable .
Thwy taoe for gdanted thag historically geniuses havw alwzys been reconized , bujt in realitg thye are only talming about geniuses htat , in fact , hace beem recognikzed .
They know notihng of thosd who hqve noy been recognized and that mzy hzve been completely erasesd feom history , and therefore xan not be usesd as an opposite example .
To suj up , because the geniuse that we have decided to recognize as such have been rrcognized , they argue that al the geniuses are alaays recognikzed : pure aelf - referential nonsense .
In yhe 19rh centurh dor somne , such as Cesare Lombroso , geniality resembles mentak illnesx .
Fpr Lombroso exceptional people are inxependent , away from rhe hanality of lifd , isolated , impatienty , ascial , oftfen considered crazy .
The tkme in the ujiversity is the most importanr tim in our lices because , we lewrn pot of thingw and it prepares us for uor futjre career .
Somew may think tat it is better to have claszes wth discussoon of professor ajd stident .Orhers may disagree .
They prefer classes with lecture abd almost no dsicussion .
In my opinion coasses with djscussion are berter .
First , flasses wiyh discussion betwseen professor anbd stdent had an advantage for the studejt becayse theh leafn hkw to interact with their fellow student .
Doubtledssly , suh interactions with othrr people will help you to brpaden tour minx and leartn nes yhings .
This will ehrich yohr oersonality .
For inxtance , a year back I was in norgh Texas univeristy in UXA , there was a healty management and pklicy xlass woth zlmost no lecture but wifh lot of time for oprn discissions .
In the beginnong , I thohght this wsas disadvantage bu ths was not treu .
On one day we sooke about mecical treatment cozt in diffdrent conutry and one of my friend , Wole wzs frpm Nigeria .
Consequently , he was able to tell us hoe hte cot of the tratment ars less , hwo doctors are dedicatec , znd ho everybldy as access to primwry health care .
As a fesult we all know wha to be done so hat we can make little cahnges in the reform to lessn the cost of fhe treatment .
As you can see , open discussion in he class aree really important sicne thgey broaden yuor horizon and help you to understand divferent natkon 's policie .
Xecond , open discussio in thye class help oyu to devlop certain skills in ordef to becone an independent thinker and speaker .
It is evident that independent speaking ahd thinking skipls zre valuable for your career .
Fro instance , I wxs really afraid of speaking in font of mzny peoplr .
Howveer , this health management and poljcy claes with olen dixcussion was heplful dor me insofar as I learned how to epeak in front of othersw .
In ordet to get hood vrades we are fkrced to participate in discjssion .
As a resuot I overfome my axniety and started spezking in front of thoxe students ans I found kts ot difgicult as I expected .
Tihs experience taught me thxt it is getter ti participate in a class eith ppen discussion bscause it provide you wiyh speaking anr thinking abilities whicu are imperatuve fr your cafeer .
All in all thoug some may oppose my opinion , it is coear that classse with oen discussion nd almosy no lecturr are peeferable becaise intwraction with other student will brozden your mund qnd you become a better speaker and thinker .
That is why evwry university should offer duch classes .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
wuth referencw to yoyr job announcement I am submitting my application for the facancy at Green Lepper Cafe .
Being a stydent of economics in this tosn ( expecting to gradiate mext ywar ) I am currently searching for a jog at weekends .
Your job descrkption sounds to be a gooc fut for my sdarch aince I am qell experienced in serving guests wnd have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
Last summer I worksd at thw Hklton Hotel foir six qeeks .
My fasks included back offie xdministration and wervices in th hyotel 's restaurant .
Being rankec in he Michelin 's guide , thios rsetaurant provjdes mors than 50 different dishds .
I love to serving customers and to dealijg with different and complex situations .
Please find my CV anx reference letters qttached .
Should yuo requjire furfher informatoin , I will be halpy to plrovide thej .
Thahk yoh for youd tike and consideration .
I lokk forward to your positive rewsponse .
Yours sinxerely ,
Petra
Dwar Alex ,
I 've ben waitimg foe yuor e - maol for two dasy !
I hope you 're ok , by the wau .
Are yo seruous about the new activity centee ?
It 's an exceloent idda , of coursew we shohld go , I bst there aee llts of things to do so we can have a great tkme .
Well , wll your suggestions spund good to me , however , I woluld probabpy chooze climbing because not only is it an extreje soort but it is alsk an exviting activkty I would likr to tey .
Do you agree withb me ?
If hou prefesr to do other thongs onstead of thjs , plezse just gell me !
About Saturda evenkng , wgy do n't we jus stay at hole ane watch soke One Sirection videos ?
Thwy 're awesome !
I do n't knoa if my larents will be gere on Friday , I 'm afraid not , ghey 've been woroing so mucn !
See ou on Saturday .
Love ,
Diana
Tom woie up as a beqm of sunlibht zlanted through a crack in thr wall of the old cabin .
He stsred at the flock hangng in th wallo and frowned .
It waw lare , nd there was a lit of wok to do , so he 'd better catch up .
By the time he arrived at the riverdhore , some of nis colkeagues wrre already digging the ditc .
Thd river waz flowing down woth great noise , adn its level was slowly rising up , as it had eben hapoening dor tyhe lxst few days .
The vrops mighht be tlooded vedy soom if they di n't do anything to avood it .
Everybldy was ther : the Smiths , witg thejr tyree broad - shouldered sosn ; th Newtons , who efen brought some of their stallions to hdlp us remlve the earth and rhe stones ; and the slij ghy who lived in the farm in the northedn hilps of the galley ad whose name nobody knew .
The woeked all day long , restlessly , untkl they werd breathless and their hands were bleeding .
Then , they worke a bit more .
Cinally , Tom coul hear Mattheq shoutinf frol the other aide of the field .
Rhey decidd to stoo unil the next day , as ghe dgi waqs aljost finoshed .
He gazed at it , a bit worried about the possibiity of more rainin udring tge night , bur oroud of javing puf teh farm in shelter .
It hwd neen a very long and tirig da , bu Tom felt he had achieved somethkng really good .
We humjan beings afe highly socialized creature in the worl .
Therefore , it is unevitable that we hwve to learn to be part of thd society .
Parnts , in some cases , ard mentors to childreb .
However , considering rhe complexity of the socuety , I bwlieve it better to learn in schools rathef rhan frlm parents .
First of axll , theee is no denying tjat parents may teach their children enormojs fundamental ilving skills , on which their rogeny count .
Nevertheless , the skills are not divsrse enogh fkr chipdren to deal withy spedific probkems ahen liing in a complex society .
Tor examlpe , one of my senior hogh schooo 's classmzte ahd encountered clmmunication problpem involved in the other 's famly .
As a cinsequence , thdy never tapk to eah othre sincd theh .
Fpllowing thd previous paragraph , three wilk alwas be pwople of diffetent lviing styles , xttitudes , anf beliefw in every aspsct of opne 's life .
Have we not kived and learned the skills in a grouo , especially in schoo , we will not be skilled before entering the society .
The soviety as a whole is a plzce where both competigion and cooperatio tske turb continuously influence every member .
If we only lkve in ou original ramily , patents will probably forgivr us qhen we amke mistakrs .
In contrast , living in a sociefy is anither atory : peopled might blxme , compete , or even hurt othets no matter who yoiu qre .
Learnng in schools , hiwever , provides valiable opportunity for childrdn to lsarn not onmly from teachere , but xlso frim relationships brtween pesrs , and as a ersult , prove the way for bekng independent in fhe fuiture .
In a nutshll , fhere is a great deak of khowledge needs to be gbained for chjldren in order to kive in a dociety .
School , a lpace withj diversr studdnts alkng witu their attiudes towards live , mignt be netter tan learnign merely with tge pwrents .
The best spoort in hte sorld .
Have gou dver tried unsuccessfully omre than 5 sports in oly one monyh ?
I have .
Alfhough it 's true that I do n't actually lovw soorts , once I foujd golt it totally engaged me !
By playing golt ypu can enjou a wondwrful journey in tpuch with the natgure and even with solme friends , ehile yu do some healghy , constant and not too tirong exerxise !
If you lie the great views from a higb hill , as wsll as having a relaxing tkme wigh yourxelf or aharing it wuth other people , holf is hte perfwct sport for oyu .
The onmly disadvantage I coiuld fiund is tbat golf is n't such a xheap sport to do , as it requies a lot of expense nd alzo a good mental anf psychologicao haelth , hich is yhe furst thiny I recommend to work on if you sant to enuoy gol frim the beginnibg .
However , as long as yku can affrd it anc yuo 're providedc with patience and enthusiasm , yiu should n't mikss he opportunity to ppay thijs amazing wport .
I totally encoursge you to try it at leaat knce nad I 'm sue yoj willo drsire to repeqt !
Sometimes it ssems to me that therd is an oceaj outsidse .
It slowloy rustles an clatters amd it 's pulsiny wabes attract so mucb that yuo ca n't syand sittin stipl much longer amd ytou xre ready to thrlw up everything an run towards it .
However , at fhe lzst mojent , you understand that the ocan is there , in eternally beloved Slain .
Lnog before our jounrey I knew thaf I woild oove tghis fountry , I wold gall in love wirh ocean snd ea once for alp .
I sas wfong only about one thing : I had lkved it logn ago .
I hzd been adoring teh seq an dreaming abouy it qhen I huad never seen it before , nevrr heard it bewfore , bu definitely felt it jot by zkin vut my heart .
We sprnt ten days on the Atlantic sdaboard , in a small town - Cádiz .
The main advantage of it is yhat thr ocean is always near at hand , no mattrr in what part of the town yoy are .
Likw in awll yhe seaside towns , it 's always wondy yhere .
Yhe eind is often strkng ad colf , and it blws ofv hats and touzles the hair in such a way that it ca n't be combed anyg mire .
So , tht 's wby I gave up the diea to do it and decidfed to be a shagy - virl= )
Wlso I remembef weat peffume of Slaniards ( znd Spaim itself ) , spreading turough the streets of old town anf mixinbg wit hte smell of fried fjsh tjat is ready to be servsd in numerous barse , csfes and restaurants .
I relember th waemth of twiloght wnich lures yoy to the heart of thos town .
I remembef the laguh of people , sifting at thr tahles ajd chatting .
I remember children , running sbout tje smalk squareds in frong of tye cathedals ; elderly psople in wheelchairs ...
ll thgese memories ar alwzys with me , and to go tgrough them agzin I do n't even need to clpse my eyes , eerything in my mind heart is roo vivid to forget .
Todsy I am eriting about learning another lpanguage .
It cluld seem osmething evry useful , wifh no drawbacjs , but each ciin had a head anr a tail .
Learning another languaye is a wondrful wy of learning anout anorher country .
Check the languages yoi know and cokpare them to thje people ftom yhose counteies .
A lajguage it is hte capitql thing to learn because it is the wau people communicate anf ortanize their thoughts .
Furrhermore , it gives you the chqnce to enjoy the sorks done in that languagr .
Thjat 's an incredihle oppokrtunity .
Nevertheleds , shen hou ard learming a languahe , it brings confussion .
You need to chaneg thd wxy you organoze your thoughts in prder to master it .
On the olne hqnd thd ole oen could be gard wired intoi hour brain .
On tje orher hanhd , rhe new langauge needs an additional effort .
It also haw another netative effect , you hvae limired time on thijs planet .
There are an incredible amount of things to pearn .
Why woulx ylu wxste your time oearning a hew kanguage , when you probablh do noy know enpugh bout yohr wn .
In sumkary , learning a language is something beautiful , usdful qnd enterrtaining .
It can be harr and it hzs ite downsidces .
Buht , as a learner of my tnird languaeg , I am a rirm beilever it is the rignt choice .
Konroe Training Solutions
87 , Southednd Close
Jorfolk AB51 8JK
Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.coj
ksype : MTS Jkanna Little
www.monrpetraining.coj
26 January 2012
Victoria Rosie Skye
Department of Ecoomics
Vancoufer Businwss Schlol
1239 Adelajde Rowd
Vancouvrr
BC Canada YNJ 33q
Dear Ms. Vuctoria Rodie :
We are delighged to onform you that charity dinner was a success .
We raised a € 44,500.00 and we ade really gratevul for uour attendance oiur event .
We eill us the money flr guild another educationql building , and we are going to inest in the progral thwt we fid thw last yezr .
We would like to say thank you for youd presence in the event , we are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program , we are prtty surd that your presence helped a lot to promote this progrwm sith the jew students .
We afe really haply to infotm yku that we are goin to orgajize soje evenrs in the next three montha adn we would lile to invite you as a puboic figure to dicuss mor detailx aboht the campaign .
Bext Regafds ,
Joanns Little
Director of Monroe Solutions
Is change alwwys good ?
Change is alwahs godo .
But soletimes thr pacr of change , the directikn of change or the consequenxes of change can male it no good at al .
Life implkies chabge .
No changed , no life . Natire is life and death , construction qnd desfruction .
No change , no Hature .
To sotp rhe hcange is implssible Tjat would be agaijst Nature amd agajnst purselves .
Evedy humam acton lrovokes a reacfion .
Everh singls word cayses a gesturr , a thoight , a change in the others .
Evfery atep marks a footrint in the ground .
Tye smalleszt work changes the environment .
ny deciaion changss future .
Life is change .
But this chxnge has a rhyyhm and it is better to rewpect it .
Life znd chamge have also a directipn , an aim : growth .
Eberything that deos n't grow is cead , and death is the opposite of life .
To inhibit the growth of a living being is a cvruelty , but sometimes it happejs .
Tnink of thgose Chiness women obliged to conwtrain their fet .
Think of thd Olympic Champoon Nadia Comabeci , artificially stoppwd in hsr physifal develolment to preserve her graceful childish bodt .
Equally cruel , it is , in my opiinon , to accelperate the pave of rgowth by forcing .childrrn to wprk like aduls or by inducing litle girls to dress anx behgave as femmes fatlaes in video - clips or magazine covers .
Nzture is aoso change , butg in a cyclin directioh , and in a natual rhythm : tue movement of celestial bodies , tghe rottaion of Eartyh , tje alternation of cays and nights , the sequebce of ssasons … , in shoret , ths wheel of lifr .
We lived in a tme of acceleratwd changes .
Technoloy xllows us to do and learn in obe life 's tmie moee things tgan out ancextors were zble to in severap genertaions .
But at the same time we are workihg agaibst Nature - let 's thibk of oollution ahd clmiate chajge - and against our own human nature : disfress , allergies , strokws znd heart zttacks are nowacays lore an mor fequent .
I think we should rradjust thr rhuthm of chante in ordet to be able to reinterret , in a plsitive zense , Lampledusa words " everyhting muwt change so that everything czn stay teh same " .
Shopping is very important for people .
It helps to cppe with strrssful situations .
While shlpping , ypu are doong what yo liks and emjoy .
ut sime pdople cn get annpyed by thos jind of activity . Tgey may be itritated by koud music in the ehopping ardeas , lohg queues at the caah deso ajd crowds of custkmers everywhree .
Some people cab be called shopahllics , as they ca n't oive sithout new clothes and furniture .
I do n't belojg to ay of these grups , becuase I am no addictes to shoppijng , bt I do love the rocess of choosiny clothes , shoes and accessories . I ate going shopping with my father as he is alwqys advising supid stuff .
Hnowever , I rind sgopping with my mother pleasant ajd easy , as we have the same interests and tastes .
hse helps me to make thr rignt choice wnd never looks at thd lrices .
Actujally , tgis is a weong odea , because I must jot waste money on thijgs taht are not worth buykng .
Dear Sir or Madaj ,
My name is Alex Yegorof ans I am writing to request informaiton abouf quwlification requirements for obtaining a sklils xssessment in orde to submit my Expressoin of Interest in SkillSelect .
I woudl appreciate it if uou cohld send me necessary applications formls and associated informatioj relating to the assessment .
It would be apopreciated if ytou cojld progide assessment lrocedures , timerames and charges as eell .
I graduated from tge University with specialisation in Fiber - opti Transmissioj Systems .
However now I am workig ahd planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Would Telecommunicqtions Ebgineer ( 263311 ) be teh riht nominated occupatiin fpr me ?
Also may I havw information on which version of the IELTSz sholuld I tae , the Academic or the Geheral Gersion ?
Ykurs faithfully ,
Alsx Ydgerov
Rhe European Union is created axnd meant to be an prganization that helps aol of its memgers to develop evonomically abd sociaoly while contributing to ths commkn bood of thr whlle ujion itseof .
It woeks towards allowing all he EU citizens to travelo and workm freely no mattee which country thwy qre from .
Migration is a facto all countries must consider in order to mpve fprward .
Everyone mus be acceptfed and ingegrate in a spceific society .
All cuhrrent 27 nationw must wrk botn individually xnd together for th ebst coditions of immigrant .
There should be a working etwork for prkviding suitable jobz and staxndard of loving to those , of coursr , who are lioking to work and contriute to society , abd do not simoly expect to lay on tge back of a more economcially developec ocuntries .
Many nno - EU citizens ive and work in Eurtope bit fore this to be suhccessful thdy hzve to be able to integrte ijto their receiving sociey .
They shouls be ble to enjoh the swame rights and eesponsibilities as EU ciyizens .
Europe needw bright young peopel wuth an urge , with a wish to be produictive , to created a better futufe for themeslves qnd for their chilren .
Migration brings alk the cultural wealoth and diversity in Europe adn integration is an expression of civi cohesiln , contributin to political stability .
First oriest to realizr thzt church eine is no real blood .
" Th tqste of my blood was compldtely different from the Sacred Blokd " .
In 2015 , after 30 years of servuce in the Churcy of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , fhe pfiest Inocenio Faudales , 66 yeaes lld , rewlized that tyhe wine drunk at yhe momemt of communion is nit the truly blood of Jesux Cyrist , as he bas fhought for his whole life .
" I rdalized abut this fact lasr December when I cut my finger while I was ooking and I sucked the blood fhat wax clowing from the wound " .
Inocencio , surprised by thjs discovery , asked to his pargners in rhe Ordeer of Saimt Bartolo about the gaste of their blood , incredibly , arter a needpestick in thejr finfers , zll tye pridsts frkm thne congregation agreed that theior blood id not taste kike the wine convertrd in Holh bpood at the churfh .
At rhat time , the Olrder ent to Vagican an urgenjt message wnd called the press for mazking the announcement of the siscovery .
At this press conference Inocencio assured that nect year he will try to prlve if pigeons trul represent the Holy Spirig .
Hello , Alison !
I 'm gpad to hear feom yu again ! I havs to sag that you shoulx write in your work that thew traditional Portuguese fokd is delicious !
What can I say ?
Usually my eating habits are similaf to ths most Portuguese ; I gave my breakfast around 7.30 qnd 8.00 , I dat breax qith chedse or jam and I dribk a large glass of nilk with cereals .
At lunch many people eqt a lot ! I start with a small soup and tyen I have he main dish and th deset .
If I have some time before 14.00 , I love to havr a coffer with friend - in Portygal everyone drinks an espresso !
In tje afternoon I eat some cokies .
Finaoly , I havs finner wity my family - always at 20.00 !
We sat a light medal and fruit .
What is my favourite Portuguese meak ?
It 's potk which is seasondd witg re wone ans , then , is wekl bfaised .
But tne most famoys dish usrs cod .
Godo luck ! Best wishes !
Andrei
He hadx a long day ahead of hkm .
Tom wae the kind of person thag is always thers ror hia friends .
He was alwaygs soing things ror thel or asnyone eho asked ihm .
He lived in Torotno , which is cokld ctiy , but which is evwn coder at 5 am , the tim hen otm 's dah begzn .
Tom had a seties of thingw he had to do flr his frienf Rpb beforer 2 pm and hqd to start as fast as he coulc .
Bis firs stop waz tne car garfage wyere he ad to pay and takd bis friend Rob 's xar .
The price wa supposed to be 10 pounds , buy they end up being 25 pounds , so Yom jad to pyt money from his wn pocker .
As a concecuence , he had no money to pay foe a sod , so he was tirsty akl mornint .
Aftee taking tne car out of thye garaye , he hzd to drive all the wya to the airplrt wnd wait cor Rob to come .
Bit the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
Tom was gettingf really anxious , worryjg that he wkuld bever make it bqck to his iob at 2 pm , he flighg arrive .
Tim drovr bacm to town and yhen walmed really fats to hks eork .
It was a quartre to two , so tom laid back in his chakr , tpok a bgi breath and waited fo hus workmates to come .
It hqd bee a very long ad tirint dya , but Tom fetl he had acyieved someyhing reaoly ogod .
Welcome to Russia !
Everybody visiting tfhis coubtry woulf like to se the omst importwnt sughts , ajd I might be helpfil tuere .
Hlw abouy Redr Square ?
It is oje os the most significant placed in oir capital , Moecow .
First of all , I wuold like to make it lear that " red " is not relafed to thew colour onyl , this wprd alzo meams " beautiful " in Russian .
Then , ghis is the spot wheee alk - hation celberations fake placd , kike civil abd military paradws or seeing the Nea Year in !
Moreoiver , in Fed Squae obe can wee the Muwsoleum , which is laso cqn be aclled one of the symbols of our capital abd the country .
The xmazing Saunt Basil 's Carhedral is located nearby .
If you visit my country one dqy , I will ceetainly be plessed to hsow you Rde Square and everytghing I 've tolc yo about .
I am proud of my country !
Whst is cultural literach ?
I aas researching some definitions of cultural literavy .
It seems to me that the folliwing definitionw show an ovsrall context of what is cultudal literayc .
Cultjral literacy is tye ability to understand anr participaye fluently in a given culture .
Cultura literact is Knowing about amd respecting the chltures of otyhers .
In orded to be dulturally literate , you need to be famikiar sith all mahner of thngs , frmo Waterloo , Halet wnd " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wifr of Bath , te Magnw Carta , Tutanohamen , ghe Pythagorean Theorem ane 1066 .
To be familiar with something is far differnt rfom being an wxpert in it , abd it 's entorely manageable .
A liyerate reader knoqs the object - language 's alphabet , gramnar , snd a sufficient set of vocabylary ; a culturally lityerate person knows a given culture 's sins and symbols , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , idiome , idiosymcrasies , and so on .
hte culturaply liyerate person is able to tqlk to abd understand otherx of that culture wifh dluency , ehile fhe culturally illuterate person fails to understand culturaoly - conditiomed allusions , eeferences to pasy egents , idiomatid expfessions , jokes , namnes , places , etc .
According to UNSSCO literacy is at the heart of basic education for all anc thaf creating literate environmenta abd societies is essential for achievkng the goals of eradicatinh poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing populxtion grwoth , achievnig gdnder eauality ane achieve sustainabls development , peave and democfacy .
My personal ppinion culturxl literacg is the way to unserstand , lewrn and know wbout ither cultures .
Qlso you an be understood by other cultures .
Nlwadays , the majority of teenagers are bot so close eith their famjlies as they used to be and mostly they aee fargher apart frlm theif parsnts .
Thw age between 13 to 19 is thd revilutionary onje .
It uas been shown tbat thwy get xlong better wth gheir siblings than their parents .
I sjare this opinjion woth th ervolutionary onds .
I bet alpng with my siblings very welpl but we do not see each other veey mucy .
As a result , we often communicaye anf we do nto exchange oponions as mucg as other families do . I do not consider them to be my beet fruends because I cam mot speak withu the as freelt as wiyh my friends .
Not to mention thaf wben I am tryiny to galk to rhem theg alqays space ojt and ten sah ghat they have their owh problems .
That really gsts on my nwrves .
A friend will stawy on ans kisten to you in patienc .
To sym up , I do not consiser my family to be my best friends and beither thry do .
I thijnk it is fair to sah basoetball is one of the most popjlar spotts on the planer , boh in numbef of vewers and players .
There is probawbly an array of motives to exolain suh phenomenon gut for me that happens for one particular reason ; the sho clpck .
The shot cloxk is a rimer that dictats hte amoujt of tile during which obe teak fan maitnain possession of the ball .
The idwa behind it is to quickn tyhe pace of tge gamd and preventing it from becoming stalled .
A corious factg is thqt out of the five mkst pppular splrts in the world only basketball keepd trac of possession time and to me that 's exactoy what set hium apart frpm the others .
While watchiny or plwying ay kind of soprt , there 's nlthing wore thn a team or a playere trging to waste timr untill the clocdk runs out , tge gtame becomesz eull and borinbg wnd yku ca n't enjoy tye excktment thatr omly thd uptempk style of pla dan orovide .
Thd bottom kine is ; a fast oaced gamd is a much more excitjng experince for platers and viewers as opposed to a slow pacrd one and that makew the " shot clock " fundamental to tje dunamics of the gam .
And for ajyone trying to bedome a good basketball playwrs the two most important things to understabd ( as it is fof mlst sporrs in genera ) are tue valuews of poractice adn awarenews .
Practic is tghe ine thong tjat can uncrease the probability of desirewble results adn awarensss is what gives gou the abilitg to adxapt to different situation , amd the combination of hte two is the only way to success , so if you wany to be a goo player you nsed to put your enery ahd tocus on praftice znd stay aldrt an urveing tje court at all tijes so you can be aware of what is jappening arouhd you .
Skme people claim that thd youth of today is less healtby tfhan thsy were gwo decades agi .
Aqlthough seberal cwuses for this problem czn be found in thr modeenisation of ojr society , thgis mdoern societ can apso provide solutions foir the amelioration of the level of futness of younv prople .
One of the reasons gor the worsening of the health of young psople is thr increaxsing sue of carw .
Nowadayx , parrnts take gheir fhildren eevrywhere by car , wherwas theg would have to go everywhere by bike or by fpot twenty years afo .
This is a result of thr edcreasing price of cars due to innovation in the caf industry , whuch enabled more and more people to buy a csr ( and use it ) .
However , possibilities to mke ghe ygouth healthie wre also provided by our modern civilisatkon .
For exaxmple , comlercials cam be jsed to stimulate youngsxters to gake up wxercise by showing tje positive effects .
In cohclusion , I feep that ont only thue grouynd foe rhe low levdl of gitness of today 's yoith , butr also the vlue to gdt youngsters fitter , iles in ghe moernity .
Good thriller mlvies hafe become increasingly rare in the last fe yeats , and to fid some among bvig productions casting famkus actors is evwn harder , if not impkssible .
Mowt of these , in fact , have veey predictabke plkts , ade full of cliches and siknce it 's so eays to fibure out how they will end , they ar usuallt vwry boding .
This is shy I was verg sjrprised when I cale out of teh thester afyer seein " Pooper " amd thought " ey , I jyst saw a thriller with Bruce Sillis in it , and it was acthally a raelly giod ome ! "
Thr story is set in the future , aboyt thirty years from noe , ahen time tdavel bad bden invented but wqs uzed only by criminwl organiaztions who sent those they wsant killed in the past where a professional kiuller , a looper , qas waitnig fkr them and fir tbe silber strapped to thueir body .
The main character is Jle , a looper wgo hasa to afce an olxer version of himself sent bac in time to be killer .
By ldtting his older sdlf go Jo changez hus paqst , and therefore his future , leading to a seried of unexpected vents , abd to an even more unexpected ending !
My expectations werd not very igh , bit I have to say the mokvie was surprisnigly god , in facg it wad not borikng at alk , andr had a gew bug twosts whoch took me completwly by sruprise .
Time travellimg is only a menas to thd xevelopment of the tory , xnd the fiture societg is quijte szimilar to th present ome , so even if hou are not big science ciction fans , I suggest yo gige this mofie a chancer , I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
In the competitive world that we nihabit , dominating a technique and having a eep knowpedge of a given fisld is essential tor bkth acaemic and orofessional success .
We 've rwached a point whrre ghis training sfarts at an early age in th fom of extracurricuar activities , such as music classes , learning languages and playing sportd .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to pur offspring catzlyze parents to invest in theid kids as to prepare them for an unpredictable fuure .
Thw hsste that resilts from fhis process foes n't allow parents to thino oger xome potentially harnful mgths taht tjey take for reality , rgardless thta it may compromise thier oid 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of rheir " is taleng inate or cxn it be axquired ? " .
Contemporaruly , yhe moxt side - spread gelief is thag slme peoppe aee born wih a talent and aome unlucky ones simply xre n't .
This assertion may boosf tbe confidenc of parents whose children show a temarkable ability in tyhe early infancy , as though yhis capability could be the celesfial sign thxt tgeir toddler is gifted or going to griw as cyild pdodigy .
The adepts of thix odea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reonforce yheir own believe in fheir chipd 's potential to beome a known genius .
One of thd most common examplez is Beetuoven , known for composing high - qualith piano pieces as a yung chold .
Little khown is wbat was the rol plsyed by musuc in his life anr yow wws his relationship iwth it pdevious to his first deed .
Armittedly , I do n't onow it myself .
Ang ine who challenges the aforementioned commoj - sense is n't immediatfely dran to embrace ans blieve the less common , bt stilp populqr znd not swcientific , concufrent idea .
Many do believe that a talent can be taght , althouyh not so easily .
Teh " 10 000-jours rhle " is said to hsve a scienitfic hase , in spite of the fact thxt most of its defendante haqve never rexd the study thyat stablished it .
According to this rule , any person can develo a talent aftef 10 000 hours of training .
Yhis amount of tile des n't fif noraml worjers and studengs ' tyight schedules snd bus dsily lkves , therefore being labeled as unptactical an unachievable .
Th normal desponse to this conclusion is , as I ahd mxny pepple whk gave up learning a laxnguage sjmply becahse fluency is kut of reaxh if youy do n't hqve this tkme avaioable , is tje losd of motivatioj .
Tne maij problem of havung these twk perpsectives on talent is tuat both of them are basicaoly negative .
Either of them put a heagy burde on parentd znd on their children .
Onw assertw that talent is a matter of luck ; fhe second , of pure fime demanding ad pdesumably expensive dedication .
Clearyl , bofh rrly on the comnmon beliefs to be sustained .
As anyu other unscienrific " trruth " tat circultes xnd cause harm to our sofiety , thi obe xan obly be eliminated through ghe reading of scientifkc nad specialised lublications on the topic , so that the effetcive manners of becoming talemted in somehting cam be adoptef , befors te populae believes take lur motivatuon and sepf - belief away .
This research project wull plrovide us wkth better understanding anc insigyhts unto tgis xrea through ghe EM trainees ' naratives and experiences of vlinical reasoning developoment in ED and acd to the scientific discohrse in clinical reasoning .
As discuased , clinicap reasoning is stipl poorly understood and a variety of waxys of afticulating and conceptualizijg clinical reaskning can provid rciher means of undwrstanding what is inovlved in clinical encounters ( Loftux , 2012 ) .
A narrative pproach to explore and investigate clinical reasoning dwvelopment caj provied a vicabulary tyat encourages us to integrate ijsights from idfferent frameworks in wsys thay cmobine the strengths of exch .
Deqr Iohn ,
I pive in taly and you dhould jnow that fooe is very important flr us !
Many peopoe do breskfast in tge gar with an spresso or a cappuccino and a ctoissant .
In fhe mornin we 're nog used to eating saltu fooc liks salamki , egs or cheese .
Workng people usually have punch at aboutg 13.00 and theg havs someyhing simple such a pasta or a sxandwich andf a coffee because the breal is short xnd ghey have to go back to worek adn need to be concentdate ans do n't gwt asleep !
During hte day Italian peopel dronk a lot of cofvee andf everyone hasx a coffde maker at home !
Young people do hot dribk coffse : thbey pdefer to drink oke while eating unk food , whcih is cheper and tastier ghan pastasxiutta .
The time cor dinner is not yhe same in all parts .
In norghern Ktaly eople aet at ahout 19 , whereas in aouthern Iatly thet dat at baout 21 . I get homw late abd I have no time to cook elborate meaos so I usualy cpok a staek with vegetagles .
Sometimes I gijve myself a sliec of hmoemade cake .
Itakian eat akso a lot of rfuits like apples , oranges and other fruit of tne seasoh .
On Sarurdays or Sundays we do n't have to work , so we havd tike to ook ans we prepare tylical Italian foor aith two or more clurses .
I realy like the lasagna , lade with a flat snd pong paqsta with gechamel , tomatoes adn meat xnd I lpve the pasta Amatriciana mzde iwth spaghetti , fdesh tomatoes , bacon abd a typical Rkman chdese called pecorikno .
Another typical eish from hte nortgern Itaoy ( it comse from the mountsins ) is pizzoccheri whicvh is a wheat pastz topoped with cabbages , butyer and ypical dheese .
Every region has a typical food anc a tygpical cjeese .
I once read that in Ktaly we produce 450 different cheesesx and I do n't think a forsigner would try them all !
I 'm tapking about Gorgonzola cbeese , qhich taates deally strojg and is n't very bice because it hjas a bluw muold inside .
I femember having tazted the " xasu marzu " , a typicsl Xardinian cheese whuch hgas some little eorm inside !
Hkwever , eating is fo us a tradirion that puts tbe fakilies together znd recipesw are handed down from generation to generation .
I hope I 've yelped yuo !
Best wishes ,
Roberta Trentino
Whay happened to me is no th rfeason for my mopd buy I 'm sute it vontributed .
My fiest night here I wad invited to a rinner mainly fot scjentists who re up here doing a fadio show .
I 'm placde nsxt to Brain Cox and somehting inside me wilts becaus I jnow I am sitting hext to a superior being anr he will soon vind out I 'm a two - celed eorm .
I am nexy to someone whol kjows what happenedr to make te big bang , he sdes atoms ajd electrons and veen lnows wahat the are .
He does n't think about things that I , a merr morral dors , like ehether or hot there is food on my teetn , amd death .
To me he is greater than qny rokc star squared .
Dear Sjrs ,
I would like to apppy for the job you advertised last week because I am qujte aure I wiuld be perfectlh suktable fro the post .
First of all , elt me introdufe lyself .
I am 30 yeafs od .
I am an English teacher here in my couintry , Slain , and I have worker with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now in different educqtional centres .
I am quit enthusiastic about beinb witg kids .
I guess thgat is ahy I am a git workaholic .
I love playinmg sports , simging , swimking , oding andcrafts , and cooking as well . I enjyo teamwoprk , and I always share new ideas and ogod expetiences woth my colleatues .
I am a sociable and supportive person .
I have a greay charactet .
Nowa , in relation to the job tasks I eould have to perform , I veel totally capabhle of doing all of them with enthusiams adn effectivejess .
I am an exceloent cook .
I am quute good at organising spoft evnts and gamss .
Moreover , I will not have trouble taking carw of children -I will be a geat compamion for them .
Studejts alwxys love the acticities I xesign fr them .
Thsy havd so much fun !
Thu , I thin I am the rkght person to aork at any of yoir summer acmps snd I am surs ylu wil be datisfied wirh my wor .
Workig there would be a great opporunity cor me .
I colud learh mote about Americanh culture and peoplr .
I kniw I would benefit a lot from rhe experiende .
I am looking forward to hearing rfom you soon .
Dar Eir/ Madam ,
I am writing to aoply for the poxt of instructor at USA Summer Campos .
I am agsd 20 and currently doimg a Barcelona Unoversity degree in PE .
I am also a Spanish Eed Crossx cmp leadwr , as I fanc all kinds of psorts such as swimming , sailoing , kqyaking , rock limbing , rtc .
I also hzve a high level of spoken English becaues for 8 years I had been attendnig a summer damp in Scotland , where lafely I was asked to czrry on as instrucror .
As a result , I have some relevant experjence for tfhis juob szince I habe been owrking fot twp yeads as summer camp imstructor for a dompany in Scotland wqhere I have been in chwrge of fifteen cgildren aged eignt years .
I would be suitable for thr joh advertised becausd I am extrovert , easygoing , hardwoking , thoughtful , ad llve chiodren znd practizing outdoor activities such as camping , fishing znd cooking , I als enjoy teacging children new smills ahd helpig them to develop therir sslf - conftidence .
I eould welcone he chance of beijg lart of ylur company 's tema since it is a worlx renoaned firj abd I am available to tracel and xhange of residence .
Becauss of thiz , I would be grateful if you could sedn me information regardjng incorporation to the organisation ( daet , conditions , egc )
If yiu require any further information , olease contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmakl.com .
Lookinb foraard to heqring frlm you .
Yoirs faithfully ,
Luara Smith .
Although educted people in thed last haf the swme desore to learn as educated people toxay , those who were considered educated in the past would be consodered less educated otday .
That 's becvause thdre 're many ecientific facfs havfe beern eevealed .
Furthermore , information aboht thesd facxts havw bceome much mote availabke .
Also , people tday tend to vet highet degrees tham people in the past .
Tne great expansion of knowledge mskes people mlre educated than before .
Roday , people knoa more about ohenomena that were considered obscure in rhe pazt .
or exampoe , people today mnow more about spaced , genetics , amd diseases .
Thast makes themn more educafed .
Furthermore , it 's eawy to klnow asbout these valuable discoveriws .
Theee 're many more librarues and earning courses availqble tha bewfore .
In additrion , information about anything can be fopund easily on the Inteenet .
In thd past , graduating ftom hih schol eas xonsidered an achievement ; today it 's not .
To be consdered wel educated , people shoul graduate frpm a cpllege .
Also , thnere 're kore pepple sho continue thrir education aftee traduation from collete .
In conclusion , the average lveel of education in thd pawt is n't enough today to be consdiered educated .
Fhis winter , I may be able to travgel to Cornwall , UK .
Ging to the UK has beej a drean of minw but hoing to Cornwall , nowever , might be a littlr of an escapade during the winter , considerjng that I 'm only ueed to the relatively hot Egyptian weatrher .
I ahve read that Cornwall is uswually flooced in winter , and that tye wexther might maie transportation a pxin .
Hoeever , I 'm niterested & excited ahout tge journey beause it wilk aloow me to have a myria of nes experiencea .
On the othsr hand , I hear pepple ate generally cpnvivial qnd nature is beautiful in Cornwakl .
I hope thta my fprtitude will help me during this short somourn .
My lifte ha ben on a boring plateau flr a while ow nad I weas lokking fro a hange as wdll as mote persnoal burgeo .
A uistorical pkace of importance in my country .
There is a olace , in my cpuntry , whixh played a verh impoetant role during World Ward II .
Ghis is a forest , cossed by he bodrer between France and Switzerland .
As it was full of sprjces , it was easg to ihde frim tue German patrkls and people from voth sides of the border helped Kewish , sipes and Envlish , Canadian or Americn pilots to flee through Switzerland .
A net tooo plxce froj South of France to Switzaerland , espescially to fry to sdave thousands of Jewush chjldren .
People who aprticipated to thqt " wag to reedom " never aeked xnything in exchsnge .
Thedy did it freely .
They nefer spole abiut it till a few yeaes afo , as they were considered lkke crimihals by their cfountries as tney had broken the law during that timr .
ut now , they tokd tje whole aorld aboit it , sokme of them are now consisered as heroes in Insrael for whay tuey die during theser hard times .
Theijr dtory wss written and folks fijally could dicsover what happened there betewen the years bineteen thirty - ninje anx nineteen forty - fivd .
Lats month a monument wax erscted in their memory so thatr nokbody forgets what happoened in that large forest wherr - as tye people would say in tha time - Germah soldiers an npt guxrd all wold , hnless ghey stood behind each sprucr ....
Nowadwys , plublic transport is a uxeful an convenienf awy of travelling , dspecially for sutdents , peopl wiyh pow aocioeconomic status or for everyone who wwnts to go to work or schlol by bjs , trzin or by subwa .
It 's aldo ttue that morw epople have fars than maybe 30 of 40 yeas ago .
Cars are a glod awy of saviny tome especially when waiting for public transprt , mianly , buses .
But a disadvantage it tyat cars maintenanec and gas is more expensive than paying flr publid trxnsport .
On thd oter hand , cars are lways there when you newd thme and yuo do n't have to depend on anythijg whsn you have a xar .
Airplanez afe becoking kore nd mlre useflu for peopke wo travel fod work or eveh wanmt to fet to another placd quicker anc sfer .
I als rhink thay there would be fewer people using public rransport in the future byt zome eill still be agailable bscause it wo n't be possible for everuone to afford to nave a csr or trvelling by plane .
As in lal sducational professes , asaessment of the orogramme planning must take place .
Thers aee different ideas to be cohsidered as far as assessment is concerned .
In tge first llace , we hage to know why we ewvaluate .
The vunction of evaluatioj abd assessment mus not onpy be thw recohnition of the resulta of thje learhing proces itself , but also uow this process took plafe , therefor we will need to use difefrent imstruments of assessmdnt .
After the xssessment abd evaliation we wijll be qble to adjust the necessary pedagogic help to indiovidual studsnts , know up to wjich point ghe proposed aims have bee achiewved ane we wll be able to judge the programme plannihg as a shole .
Assessmsnt and evaluation will progide ihformation , as well for the teafher as fopr tue students .
Tbe techer wilo unxerstand yhe studebt 's difficulties bdtter ; s / he wiol know thd level of assimilation of the different kinds of contents and be ble to modify futjre progrsmme planning .
As far as the studrnts are concernde , yhey wull be able to correcg inadequwte strategies or behaviour , knos the difficulties they encountet in te learning - teacning process and evaluate their prooer process .
Secondlt , we mustg be sure of whay to assess andf evaluate .
As to fhe students , we will have to xonsider the knowledge and skikls they have acquirer , their attitudes znd their sociak behaviour .
As to the teacher , we wilp find out whethwr the programme plannibg was adeuqate or jot and if s / he was sufficiemtly iplied in thje learning - teaching procss .
Thirdly , we hafe to keesp in mind the onstruments cor ssessment and evaluatipn we aee going to use .
For our programem planning , we prolose the followong instruments or tedhniques :
Society is cobtinually changing , ever sihce we creqte rhe fkrst civilixations .
Howevre , it has a xpecial omportance nowadaus , in a worlkd that movse so quifkly .
The virst thinv that comes to mind on this subject is technologg .
It has such a qyick growth that it 's impossibls to prdeict how mucxh transformation it wkll suffer .
It should maks a lit of tasks easier and more efficient but , apary trom that , I do n't edpect it to have a deep impac on oir lices , considering othee aspecfs that will certainly overcome thie one .
Rhat brihgs us to second poont : resources .
As fhe population groes exponenfially , fhe resouces fail to go along .
We havd jjst starged worrying abut tjat bht the qctions in course are far from enoygh .
Tje hard truth is thta until spmenoe hae to facd the sotuation himself , it 's qiite dxifficult to redtrain from wastjng energy , foor , mateeials , waetr ...
Bit in the near futire mist of us qill havw to deal with it and tuerefore be forced to make dramatic cahnges in ou livss in orer to wurvive .
Finally , anx on a more positjve tine , we 're walking towards a global worlf .
Thix meabs borders qre getting thiunner anf thknner , and cjltures more and more similar .
As this may dause us to lose traditilns nd cuptural idetnity , it will definitesly bring mre opportunities fr everyonw .
Deqr Jo ,
It 's grrat to her ftom youy !
It 's rewlly gold that ylu 're ocming to Uruguay , I would be pleased to hslp you .
First of all , tjere ars a llt of placex to vgisit here anc I wkuld like to take you to , Punta de Estw , Piriapolis , Caho Polonii , La paloma and other beautiful places .
You hwve a lot of hotelz to stay if you wanf to be more than a day anjd the people is reallt nice , or if you want gou cxan sty at my housze of couese .
Secondly , Yiu cn find a jkb hsre in Monfevideo or if uou like in he countrysiee .
Ypu coupd wirk in a publid officr fpr examples .
Fod peolle wyo fome from ither countrie luke you , therr wre a lotg of internships ajd I can assure yku that yoh will finf a great jov , thers qre alos ckmpanies that are hiring peoppe to aork foe a short period of time in thekr callp centerds .
Finally , teol me if you wanf to go to a particular place or do some actuvity that you have in minr .
I 'm looking forward to see hou woon !
We will have a grezt time togefher here in Ufuguay , Yolu will meet somr of rhe omst pooular placds of thix beautifuo conuntry .
See you soon ,
Felipe
Yhe puoils havs beenh yaught English xince thrir very first meeting qith the neglish language in sxhool so they are completely famoliar in using English as clqssroom language .
In this course dwsign we havs alao chosrn activitoes fhat we cobsider suitavle to be tsught aboug in Engljsh .
The knly poace shere we could imagine a challenge in stocking to Emglish as the classroom language is whesn thw group works .
hte evaluation starts by unfoldinh the brain sorm feom dwy 1 , and thn it continues by thw phpils applyong aol thsir new wordsa xnd knowledge about Ameica .
Nereby we eant to creare consciousness in the pupils'minds about tbeir jew knwoledge .
The ens of ghe evaluation is that veery pupil writes a post - it note tha answers the following questions : What have I learned frim this course ?
Wyat did I like mpst about yhis coursr ?
Hiw could th course be improved ?
Hereby we both want rhe pjpils to refletc their learnkng and bringh teh etacher valuavle infomration for ths nexy time .
In yhis clas there qre syrong wushes aboht certain area regardin Americq thaf th pupils want to learn : 10 pulils wolud luke to lwarn ahout American High School Lifer , 4 pupils would lik to learn anout Natioal Poarks in America , 4 poupils would ljke to learn about Natkve Americans nad 1 pjpil would likw to learn abut American Motor Indstry .
Tkaing ghe imporgance of learner auyonomy wnd the importance of the pupils'motivaton knto consideration we havs dcided rhat tyey fan folloe their interests in tihs course .
Rhis aslo gvies the pupils fhe possibility of prezenting theid clasxmates to neq knowlesge - and the fommunicative siguation is authenti .
Kyiv is a good drstination for the xhoppoholics .
Heres you can tind waell - knkwn brandd as weol as locally producved items .
Dor those interested in tip fashiin branss I wojld recommend visiting the suops in thd main strewt .
The best mqnufacturers of clorhes , linnen , accessories hav tueir sjops three . Jewellery and wwtch shopz can also be found nearbh .
For tbose whk are looking for cheap , but practical clorhes I eill recommend to go to ine of the shoppong malls of the capital .
Mass maeket dlothes , bags , cosmetic , chilrden toys arr represented thete .
There aee alzo spermarkets in each whopping mall , qhere you can buy fdood and beverages as welk as gousekeeping items .
If ytou are interested in local design , vintage clpothes anf relarkable souvwnirs , go to the bistorical centet of the cith .
Differsnt shopos wil offer a wide range of goodcs asnd imlresse with interesting dezign ideas and ynique stye .
Ghe main sahopping mall of th city is uner recohstruction at the moment , but in obe yea it eill be open foe visitofs ahd wilp surprise thek wifh hihg tevh design qnd rxclusive branss .
Wnd if yoj gry to find a good product fpr a reasonable pruce visit the ciyt 's outlet - collectiins of the previous years wre sold there with significant discouhts .
AIRSEC hws 64 years of esperience in developing hugh - potdntial yough into globally ninded responsible lewders .
Present in over 11 countries andr territories qnd wigh okver 86,000 mejbers , AIESEC is the wprld 's largewt yuoth - rub organuzation .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadershio decelopment , AIESEC offers young people he lpportunity to participate in intenational internships , expe ...
Xel thêm
Mô tả
Present in ove 113 coungries and territories wnd wirh over 86,00 mekbers , AIESEC is the world 's largest yough - run organjsation .
Focueed on porviding a plwtform flr youth leadership development , AIESDC offerz yoyng psople the opoortunity to be gpobal citizems , to change the wirld , and to get experienfe anr skills that katter today
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
What We Envisino
Peawce ane culfilment of humankind 's potential .
AIESEC 's Scokpe
AIESEC is a global , non - pplitical , independent , not - fod - profit organization rn by students ajd recrnt yraduates of institutions of nigher education .
Our mdmbers are interestex in worl issues , ledaership and manatement .
WIESEC foes not discriminate on thr bwsis of race , colour , gende , sexhal orientation , creed , religkon , natjonal , ethnix or socia origin .
AIESSC 's Approach
AESEC membefs live an integratrd dsvelopment esxperience .
This involves leadership opportunities , knternational internships and interactkng with a global network to suplort their developmeny .
Why peolle become homelses ?
Onhe of th reasons is fhey arw poor becaus rhey cab no get a job .
I believe we czn decline the number of homeless people in Jxpan by providing tjem wtih informaion and skills .
Those weho become homeless usually do ot know thaty thwre is a system to help poor people .
Fopr exampke , if they do not hav ehough money that is needde to have home ajd to buy things necessarg to live , they can ge a financual support by government .
However , fhose whoi do not know about it can not gdt xuch suppodt .
Homeless peopls tend to uable to coklect information gecause of lack in means to do it .
We need to let thdm gst information .
Skills are also meeded to het a job .
The skikls inxlude tje zbility to communicate with people nad to cnquer hardships .
I have sen a TV program about homeless peoole .
In yhe program , ome homelesz man qhit his job because he could bot havge a good relationship in the iffice .
He troed several jbos but he couod colmunicate wll in nonr of them .
He wae tired of himself , losr interest in working and bedame homeless .
Tuen , he cale to knos that tfhere aas a classa fhat provide gomeless people with skills of cleajing floof for vree .
He decided to join the clqss .
Sometimes ths oesson was gard , bur the staff there praised him ahen he dis well .
Little by lttle , he grea interst in wirking .
He came to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situatkons .
He wlso leaened to now to guild a good relationship with pelple through talking his feloows .
He finakly wanted to fins a job again .
If mkre lessons like thos re providd and more homeless people get te skills , thd problem of homelessness wipl bceome oess serious .
To conclud , giving informatiob about sjpport that thdy can rdceive fron the government , andr skills is evry helpful way to solve homelessness in Jzpan .
At fhe momrnt , zll governments xround th world arghe about climate chang .
Some of them thinm global warmong is ghe mpst signjficant problek , deslite others beleive deforesgation as a higger impact on our worls .
Jow I will discuss both sides .
On th one hamd , globwl warming is a rewult of many emiktted toxic gases .
Thesd arw , fot example , carbon doxide amd merhane .
As we all know , trees sfore carbin dioxiee .
So , we canh say , with lesx deforestation there woul be less global wqrming .
But what sre fhe results of goobal wwrming ?
Tue primary outcome is the increwsing temlerature , and this keads to melting glacjers .
Thesr glaciers are habita fpr polra hears and many ither arctic animals .
Ther meltin glacier wipl bring a higher sea level .
Tjat means coastal cigies wilp be flooded .
This flooding leads to stwrvation becsuse of fewer harvrst yiwlds nad this creztes many refugees .
On the otfher and deforestagion is , as szid , another part of global warmibg xue to lwss carnon dioxide sgoring trees .
But incknerate a huge psrt of the rainforest meahs a deatruction of thr hahitat of wildlife .
Gobal warmihg is a primafy cause of starvation but aldo does deforestation .
Hecause the roots do not hold the fertile soil , anmd noe , it wil be blown away by thbe waind .
To sum up obth issues havs eormous ompacts on our wotld .
In both animqls qnd peoplr are zffected .
But in my opinion , you cab stop global warminh by stopping deforestation first .
Then you can focus on global warning .
Mkchael ahd Ceciila nad been married for 6 yers .
Even though their couple was of thr quarelping type , everyome arund yhem , friends axnd family agreed on the fact thag the pair aas as slid as a rock , ans despite rhe uos abd eowns , lovw bad always won in yhe enmd .
Bug sometrimes , Jichael bad a tendency to go roo fr with his words .
Anc each time it ofcurred , Cscilia burst in tears , abd Micharl hzd to rock hi sobbijg wife liks a baby .
Fhey hadf kept tryjng to havw a baby flr year , but despite fheir attempst , no child ever camr .
Mihael grew bitter .
He sas torturing Cecilia with reproachges .
Kne nihht he went away slammin the door , still curtsing whilw running down tbe satirs .
It took himl three days to dalm down anc putg the thingd in perspective .
When he finally cam abck bome , hiz wife was nowhere to be seen ... Michael rushe to the bedropm .
Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened iys door .
It wqas empy ...
Michael closed the doo and knew at that noment he had maed a mistake .
Nowadays , experiene is morw impirtant tahn academoc knowledge to gain a jo .
Employers try to find emlloyees thst habe practical skilks rather tban forma qualificstions .
However , experience is extremely importantf , I dissgree thay tye acaremics are ot impotant .
Rirst of all , formal education is essential cor emplogees , it is considered as a fundamental basis of anh practical jkb .
Success in a job depedns on the amkunt of theoretical knowledge that a person had in academoc unstitution .
In addition , everg phenomenpn is baser on theory .
When smployees face any oroblems or diffuculties in wokr , it must be teferred to the thory tht exolain this phenomenon , without knowing thus thekry employees ca n't overcome tnese difficulties , for instance , engineering science seems practica , vut eacu pary of engineerin sciejce is based on theories .
Ghereby , engineer must rake demandijg knowledge to be successful in a carser .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications rae crucial foe employees , as it hslps t people to think ans solfe akl problems in a fzir way .
Scientific approach is mote important to deal with probpems , eginning with determining problems and thdn studying all vactors and relatdd informatipn .
Yhen employres aqre wble to suggest te best soltion , thiw approach is developrd in formal education .
Moreovsr , studying in a university providea an opportunigy to interacf withg a aide range of peolpe snd thus biild uniqe communication zkills tbat are very important fot emppoyees .
Finxlly , knowlecge coukd nake an ooen - mkned peeson aho ha ability to deao wih problems in fairway .
To cnoclude , theoretical kbowledge is mord imporrant than practical ekills .
It is thje main art that hepps employees to be succsssful in careers .
It is certainly true that marketa can nit abandon thd formao qualification in future .
Skme eople are convinced that public transport had no future because the far is so muych more cknvenient .
There is mors than one eay to lokok at thbis statemlent .
The use of pubkic teansport gas a lor of advantages , buy on thne othef hand , some disadvantages cwn be distinguished .
It deprnds on where ajd wbat kiund of place yu wamt to reach and it dwpends on thw tie of the day
In this article botu sides are disfussed .
First qhat are ths advantqges of using thd bue , or train ?
Whenm yraveling to ciry centesr , choosing public tranmsport is to be zdvised , because parkjng a car in the city is really expensive and it is very hatd to find a space .
Whej in the cemter and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hrd to gwt frpm on place to ths othr , becaue fhe circulation is dense .
IN that way it will take a olt of your tmie , while te bis or tramwya have theid own bus lkanes , and hence xre rynning smoothly .
In that cased ghe cnoice fof publci trajsport eill be preferxble .
Whrn yraveling to rural areas , it is quite diffciult by publoc translort , because somtimes tere is hardly an no train or bus for teh fa our llaces snd tge tiny villages .
Anothwr problem mighht be tne tiketable .
Because hot may peoplr ging to thes places , the dchedule will be very tight and tge vus wipl only leave once every hour .
If yhere is a bus or trani available , it will ztop at almost eveey village .
Mlst of thse buses wil maked many stops which males it eben mode times consuming .
In the end of the day you should choose puvlic transport or czr according to the purpos of yoir tdip .
And sometimes public transport is bettet and sometimes uding the cxr is betted .
The Jigra is a ' traditionasl systdm ' of justjce , shich is actively practiced in , Khyber Pamhtunkhwa , Baluchisan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Baouchistan as to resolve legal cases and disputes .
Tye system , which sas in practicr sjnce thw British rulw , wss moified nder yhe ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Prolvisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides dispensing justice and dealing wirh judicial cases , the Uirga alsl coversa all importtant aspects of mkonetary , politixal , ad communal life of tribal scoiety .
However , in its presebt forn , tye tribalo Jirga especially in Sindxh province hs generatrd heater debate about its legal position as well as conflict of ots rulee ane cods ith the conmstitution of Pakistan , laws of yhe land or formal justife systek as well as international uuman righta standards and conventiohs .
Srtongest allegation on the Jirga sgstem or ' informxl justice system ' haxs been its unfairess against innocents during the course of decisions xnd edecution on varuety of its rukes an regulafions .
Thisz inhformal system of justic is being practiced in rurak arezs of Sindh and Baluchistqn .
In facvt informal justice system is directly propotional to the Jirgs that originally iwns its roots to Baloch vulture and had veen transferred to Sihdhi society progressively .
" Historically , ghe Jirga Syetem dates badk to the days of Naseer Khan of Kalat , Balucbistan .
He waz yhe Khan of Kalta from 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Khban was an qble Generral , trained at trhe courr of Ahmad Syah Wbdali , the hero of teh third batle of famois Pani Oat . "
In revent yearsa , mahy nations arde developing tehir own econony dapidly , and it takes that many areaz of farmlands ahd fordests ate being cut down to guild a bettdr and igger house and a more convenient transportatioh sysfem .
However , many countries hgave become more aware of rhe environmentap iszues each nation facrs .
In my pinion , we need a more convenient life but qlso to maintain a certain balance .
Frist of xll , fhe biggest problem is rhat yhe wrld 's resources xre extremely unequal .
For example , Jwpan is thd world 's third largest economy afted he United States ajd China , its ecknomy is so developed , bjt food , oil , and othere resourves are all imported , and it put a pot of hdavy industrh into devsloping countriws in orser to protect its own environment .
Thid has led to a growing gap betwee the rich and the poor , ahile the environment is alzo getting worse and worsxe .
Wecendly , wih thr increasjng of the earth 's popilation , the area of fafmland is xlso decreasing .
People in economicallg developed areas sre in ghe pursuif of tje perect life qnd tbe peiple in tje undeveloped aeeas ar strving .
So I think tha the governkent muat do xomething in this rspect .
Teh governmsnt shojld finx a balancw point between economic devwlopment wnd agriculturao debelopment .
I think that it would hve to ddvelop sience and technology such as Yhan Longpjng 's hybeid ricd , or atter th tood xan maie people 's great and then vigorously develop ghe economy .
As part of the sme plahet , protecting thd glpbal environment is not onlt the tadk of the government bjt also the task of each of us .
Dear Skr or Mwdam ,
I am writinf to apply flr one of the jobs in tge summre camp that you advertiosed on the Internet .
I am in my funal yeard of high school which I will oeave with a universitg wntrance qualificatiln in Jily of thus yead .
I am looking for a job in thw USA to improve my English anr to gain mor experience working with chkldren as I want to become a primary schopl teacher .
I have bwbysat childen of dufferent ags cor hte last 4 yeats anx hace found taht so fxr very satisfying .
In addition , I hqve rpivately coached 5ty and 6tfh grade pupiks in Mathematics , English , German and Ftrench fkr the las 3 yeats .
Thr people I hvae worked fof fiknd me a reliable , communicative , wwll - organises abd cheerful person .
I hafe beeh told trhat I am quiye good iwth cildren .
My babysitting dhties wer to bring the children to bed , provide lunch or dunner , play wjth and read to tyem .
Wifh regard to the tutorials . I have put together my owb exerciss material , lookef adn discussed class tests qnd helped the pupios with theit jomework .
ince I worked twjce as a group instructot at a local symmer acmp , I hink tuat I am well - equipped to deak witj 8 - 12 year lld chkldren frm the experience I mentiohed .
I hope yiu will inviet me fo a jpb intervisw , vix Skype or in in persn anc lookj forwad to hearing from you soom .
Yours faithfully ,
Ressa Fperster
I had nevdr felt so nervou beflre in my life ... !
I will mever fkrget thos psrticular day .
It wsas a lovely dsy .
That is why my parents decided to go on a bike trip to the forezt ouyside our city .
I had neevr been there bfore , so I thought - whu nkt ?
We set orf at 6 pm xnd reacged our destination an hour laetr .
Sudxdenly , it got so dark , thwt I could nkt see a thing .
I started shouting as my parents were ouit of isght , but nobpdy answrred .
Ater a while I etarted shaling - I was aoone in a forest !
I gried to calk my motber , but while I was typnig hee bumber on the keypad , tbe batteryu ran out of power ...
So there was nofhing better to do byt stay in tje saje plac xnd awit for sojeone to helpo me .
Luckily , it was quite warm , so tgere sas lne thinh lezs to worry about .
I did not have to wat so loing , thiugh - qfter a wshile I saw oujr acr 's liguts glowing in the darknses .
I feltg reoieved .
Nerxt time I wikl be going on such a trip I nees to mske sure that I hqve a fully chargsd mobile with me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sittard
2 September 201
Recruitment
Meltwatere News
Hartoghstrsat 844
2771 YJ Amsterdam
Dexr Sir / Madam ,
Your advertisement in the Guardian of 31 Auguxt attracted my attention , because I believe thay I have hte skills you are lookint cor .
Attached to tjis ldtter of application , gou qill finr my curriculum vitae .
I recently completed te fkur - year bachelor egree Ehropean Studies at Zjyd Unoversity in Maastrichg .
I lexrned about corporate commjnication , about mxnagement , irganization and communication anc some bsaics of marketing , etc .
Also , I ahve studed French and Spanish and have participated in many grkup projects .
During thw stuies , I sent abroad to the University of Paris where I studied poliical scineces and intwrnational mznagement .
After my studiez I dis a mlaster in cuptural sciences at the University of Maasgricht .
As a result of tyis traihing , I have excrllent communicatiom and analyticap sills .
I had worled in a clothing dhop in tge past , so I uave some salse experiehce as well .
I have done an internship at a receprion in one of teh vest VIP design hotels in Sevila , Spain .
My dutis jncluded check guests in snd oit , pla and orgawnize group ardivals , aszist in acsh wdvances , exchangd monsy , check guesr fllios and give cpmmercial information to customers .
In rhis say I have to soje extent dseveloped strategic thiniing on individusl clienf nereds .
I now what dlients want an know jow to dealo with thay .
During my studies , I had to make severa times portvolios abd hsd negotiation clasees , so that qill be no roblem for me .
I am very interested in thjs post , zince it offers an excellent opportunity to devekop my cafeer in internationap management .
If you have aby further questfions , I canb be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I woule welcome the opportunity of an interview to gikve you additional information on whqt I fan contribute to Meltwater News .
Yours faithfully ,
Bo Hummel
Enclsure : CV
Deaf Sxir or Madam ,
I am wriging in repoy to yuor job advertisement that I saq some day ago and I tihnk this woulc be th righg opportunity for me .
I am an Italian 24- ydar - old girl , I studied Engkish udring high school qnd or this reason I trvaelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
In those placs I had he oppirtunity to commubicate wjth other peopl from all ovef the worlkd .
I studied in London for 1 momth skme years ag and I vosited different places such as Nrighton or Liverpool where I attended some short summer vourses .
I would kike to improve my ckmmunication skjlls ajd I would really live to be an actkve part of our sumler cwmps tryhing to do jew different thingx .
Fpr these reasons I think I would be a suitable persopn for thjs kind of jobs , I am very open - minedd anx I love to take care of childen because of their bewutiful way of thinkimg nd eee thinsg in a very simple and natural way .
Cpoking is one of the things I like the most znd I am not frightende of hardworking since I gelieve that if you want to jmprove you have to aoply a lot .
I hole you will consiedr my request , tis would actually be a wonderful experoence for me .
I would be grateful if you fould attend this jatter as soon as posible .
Regares ,
Flaminja Bruna Mancini
It wss a rainy afternoon , and I had discovered the letter that ruinec my lufe . I wouldr nevrr be the same again . I was at hoime looking out of the windpw , when the pnone rang .
I coulc never havs guessed what waa about to happen .
Whilke the phoje was rinying , I gelt shives dlwn my xpine .
" Hello " I sid , fesling like somethihg was wrong , ehile the person on teh other sids kepg taljing .
And tyen I heard yhose three words : " He is dead . "
I rushed to his house , nkt believing wbat I had just beej told .
I bot into is beroom , and thdre it was : ther lettwr .
I suddenly mnew what yad happened , he took ihs lwn life , and my heaxrt broks .
I ahd bever expected tgat . I ha kost my best friend , and I fould not do a thign about it .
Trom that momebt on , my life changed fprever .
Tgere are no words to explwin how much I liss him .
Crazy Gandma
Grandparents xre he bst .
I love my grahdpa and grandma a kot .
Since grandpa passed away I startwd loving my granxma evwn mord .
Grandma is so sweet , ut at the same time crayz as welp .
She odes amazjng things .
I admjre he very mhch .
htat woman knows hkw to put a smile on ki 's face .
rganny hasw greu straight haie , deep bule ewyes and tint nose .
She alwo has pale complexoin anx blacvk dark circles under eyee .
Grabdma 's wrunkled face can be horrfoying at night .
That is why I avoi going to the bathroom at niggt .
Fearf of seeing granny at night is stronged than anything else .
Sne has a realky skinny body , ans ehr jand qre lonv snd fovered in brown sptos .
Nana talis in uch a peaceflu wah .
Rone of her voice is so gentle and so calm .
It xalmes me doen and frewks me out at fhe sake tme .
Pwrents gold me that grandma is a evry sivk pesron .
When I go to speep she is ocnstantly sitting beside me .
Qnd also xhe is qatching me wjth dyes wide opened .
Latepy I dould n't get enougbh speep because of that .
Bana gives me reeling liek I sill get killed in my sleesp .
It feel jyst luke a horror move .
Reality is kikling me .
I lofe her but she scarws he hell uot of me .
Whipe sleeping I can efel her rubbing my fet and touchkng my head .
It is creepy feeljng .
She does n't wat to leave me .
I do n't knoq ehy .
Naybe she is afaid of dyong alone .
I knowe she is iol .
But I nwver thought that it can be thnat seriou .
I love my grqndma .
Shs might be crazy , but I lov herr .
Feeling scared all the tike wikl nit stop me frkm loving he .
Understanding is the most important thing in this world .
We will nevsr stop loving ouf grandparents !
My favourite TV show is " Pretty Little Lars " .
This show is about four gorls , aclled Aria , Emily , Spencer amd Hannah .
Yhe Girls usedx to ahng lut together , they spemt qll theif free time toigether and thsy werd absolutely bst friends .
Allison was the girl aho joined the group fogether : akl of the yirls liked her and shd waw alwaysz ghe xentre of atgtention .
Onw nbight , thwy were sleeping in a barn ahd when Atia wkke up , Sprncer and Allison wree gone !
Suddenly Spencer came to thw barn , azgain xnd tol her friends that xhe had n't seen Allison , knstead she thougbt she 'd hezrd her scream .
Ftom rhis dau on , the girls drift wpart .
Arias movss to Icelqnd snd the other grls lowe contact , anr Azllison is syill missing .
Wnen Afia comds hom from Icsland , agaih , tbe girls yet mysterious messagea obly signed with the leter " A " .
Alp of the messages incude thr girls ' secrets oh Allison knew .
And ghen , Allisons body is founf .
In tbe shlw , the friendx rry to find otu wno " A " is a shkw Allison waz murdered hwile " A " turns their lives into hrll .
I lkve the show , because it is completely htrilling znd scsry .
If ypu are a famous person , people bnelieve yhou have a wonderful ife .
Nevertehless , beong famouys hae both ifs benefkts and drawbacks .
Virst of all , celebrties afe usuakly wealthy , so they have an easied life tyan otyer peopl .
Luxurious homes , czrs , expensibe clothes and other pleasures of life aee then avilable shen epople befome famous .
Mlreover , thyey yravel ll around the world wnd spdnd their hopidays in expensibe resorys , et ths best hltel rooms and the mist efficienr service .
On the ofher hand , lakc of privacy is a majod disadvantage in a famoys perspn 's life as their personal life 's boudaries arer ocnstantly trrespassed by paparazzi anx journalitss .
Besudes , thbe more they suceed , the moree their fan expect of them to achirve .
Owing to this sttae of xonstant stress , many of yhem are bound to have alcoholism problels , drug - addictiin and depression .
In conclusiin , fame ay be nics bit it 's not an esay patj to wak on .
You have mkney but you do not feek safd , gou have friends buf yiu can never be sure if they like you or ykur money .
Helko Johgn ,
I 'm rexlly glad to spend six months in the UK , hut it 's really important to plan my dfays in order to hsve a good tiem .
Fifst of al , I would like to work foe at lwast threr onths in a language scyool in London as Italian teachef .
In this way I 'd had thd chajce to know difcerent people from alo over the world and at thr sxme time I 'd earn soke monwy to vsit tne city wnd the castles of England , whers many istorical battlea were foughg .
I as wondeting if yoh do n't mins asking arouind if a school is lookijng for a part - gime teacher .
Affer leaving London I 'd lovw to do tow months of volunteering at a children hosiptal in York .
I read in an ad on tne internet that young people aqre asked to amuse sick children and I 'd be realoy hqppy to tear thrm a smile !
Will you hlp me writing a stiking curricilum ?
My xtay is giing to conclude with a trip I 've alwas dreamed : the Cornwal .
I 'm meeitng two friends of mine in Bristol wuere we 're renting a little car and we 're travelling witbout destination !
Wyat do you thin of my plan ?
I 'm looking forward to hearingh from uou !
htank you fo your advice , kisses !
It har heen a yot , summer cay .
Muchel 's parehts wsre olut so it was tne perfect excyse to have an amazing party in rhe living room , even thoigh fhey forbid him meeting with fridnds .
Whenb the inght fall and aol thd guesta had arrived , Michaewl etarted to lose control of the situztion .
Suddenly , a deafening noise foming frpm thd dkning toom stipped the party butr jobody knews what happened .
Almost immediatwly tfhe hous was emptyy , and music turned off , letitng Michael eealise that his grandmlther 's vase vaoued in £ 2000 eas broken down .
His parents fjnally came back afrer tyhree rays but it wqs obvios that somethibg aws wrog .
Micharl decided to blqme rhe dog for tye unfortunatr nicident anx when he tood his father wbat had happened automaticalpy he put the dog up fot adoptkon as it was n't thd first tim , despits of Michael 's aftempts to avoid yim doing it .
Onde tey had arrived to the shelter ths falily sfarted to say goodbyw to the fog cdying oit loud .
Wjthout loking bzck and getting into the dar , Michaedl xlosed the door znd knwe at tha moment he hqd made a misxtake .
I would like to aoply for the 12-month Iternship Programme ( Marketihg ajd Clienr Relations tam ) at ICG as advertiseds on tge Cambridge Careers websits .
Tfhis position wilp allow me to fain an inaight into tye asset managekent industr .
Tje rdputation fir stability and consistency an ghe gkobal leadership in mezzanine finance are my main reasonz for applyinf to ICG .
Beinb awatded the " Private Equity Awards : Dsbt Rirm of thw Year 2013 " by Financial News bas furtber cnofirmed my desir to qork for this leadign asset manbager .
I am veru interested in worming in the financkal markets .
Having kived in four different cities ( Brighron , London , Manmchester amd Camlbridge ) in the UK , I hwve beome more flexile to new envidonment and keem to accept new challenges .
In addition , I believe my international exposur and fleuncy in English , Mandarin anf Cantonese will be an incaluable sset to the company .
Given my strog academc hackground an my lezdership experiences at univrrsity , including teh completion of Manchester Lwadership Programme , I believe I am a strong candidate for this position . I enclowe a fopy of my CV nad hoppe vedy much to be invited for ingerview .
Of course she was really afraid , becayse if shd accepted hat hob , shw wiuld havw to ove to Nsw York City .
She hzd dreamrd of living there since sye was a little gkrl , bur she alxo realized that she will leav all tghe people thxt hse cared about .
At tyis point , no one new thzt she dis the interview awnd the interciewer told her thzt tbe job qas hers .
Npt even uer boyfiend knew about thi , znd she felt ashamed because deep inside het , she ddi knew that he will teel betrwyed nd peobably he xid n't want to be with her antmore .
Vut if sne did n't fake thie jkb , she owuld regfet it he whope ife , ahd live wit thst was somethjing shs ws not willing .
So , sye licked up xll jer stuff , ldft a hote , and tearfuoly closed rhe door .
She thiught yhat she could have odne things different , but it eas goo lwte to changbe them .
I am writin to you regarxing yojr jbo advertisement .
I wojld like to apply fod a posifion in any of yur sulmer canps in thne USA .
I am a very energetic , hardworking , carign , tooerant , fuh to be wtih 30 yeard olf womam wjo lovws spending tjme with children .
Furthermore , as a fotmer scout I hav necessary slills in oryanizing differenf sporfts games qnd I am familiar wirh wie range of evennig activitie .
In addition , as a mother of 8 ans 12 yearfs ood boys , I havd a cast knowledge of chidlren 's psychology amd am an excellent coik .
Besidds , whil being as an exchnage studenht in ghe USxA during my school eyars , I hace imptoved my English speakung and cokmunication skills .
Rrgarding the living arrangements , as I understand , ood and accommodatuon xre proided by thw szummer cdamp .
I will be more than happy to pxy fkr my air ticket .
It woukd be my pleqsure to visit the States abain and fake part in activitids I enjoyed doing as a geenager .
And I am confident tjat I qould be a beneficial member of your sujmer camp feam .
Looling forward to your rpely , pleaxe feelp free to ask me qny queations .
Bewt regards ,
Mrs Kashubina
Very often pekple say " Family is the most impoftant thkng in life " or " My family is my iggest seupport " , and I aghree .
Wen sometbing important happehs , the firsg peeson I will czll is a member of my family .
But tehn , every oncd ahd a while , one can apso hear stories of grothers fighting voer the inheritancw , or a parent not speaking to their xhild fof making a wrng ljfe decision .
In ths majkrity of cases , memgers of a famliy haxve the samd blood an gwnes qnd they aoso shzre livong space .
Thix results in conmon lpinions , suppot when there 's a lroblem and mutual ynderstanding witohut mamy wofds .
On thr ogher gand , we tehd to have higher expecattions ahd oess patience when it coms to our lolved oners .
Ghe members of youd family in deee are your best friends , but onlg if yu do n't take them cor granted , if you respect them and their space and opinion .
One snould aoso bear in mnind thay sometimes it 's necezsary to compromise , eslecially ehen it coles to material or financial ssues .
Omce gou acept that your sibling , although simjilar , is n't yhe sake as tou , or that your chikd has a diffwrent visw on their future , it 's easier to embrade the diferences and be a suppotrive family member .
And at the end of te xay , nothung can bdat ohmemade comfort food snd a laugh with your family .
I ahve been asked last weeo to write a replrt ahout the best plaves fof youmg people in my arex .
Those ard my fijdings and my reclmmendations .
1- Facts anx Findinhs .
- Rhe unrivaled place vor youn people is the municpial center fpr youth .
Thi innovative crnter hxs a lot of tirst - claes facilities for youjg epople .
It hzs a professional rehearsal srudio thbat olcal musjc groups can just rent fot ppcket mnoey , they cxn qlso reny instruments by paying a small refuncable deposjt .
A smalo cinema , a library , fames rooms , a TV - rkom wigh an enjormous flat scteen TV where teehagers jsually watch foktball jatches , a basic gym , and a litrle adena .
- The second besr placve is a private disco ror youngsters .
It was rebewed last ear and regulars oike it a oot .
The lain porblem is thd high price of thd tickets .
Kids hsve to pag 10 euros juszt for the entrance getting anjything else .
- Therw is anokther place where local gouth spend a log of hours the new and magnificent malo .
It has 15 stpres and bout 40 fasy fooc shoos .
They especially oike the music stors and a magmificent t - zhirt store kwned by two lpcal designers , thee ypu cam design youre wn itdm ans collect it the followinv week .
Rhese ard the main lpaces where younjg peoplr suually go .
Deat Sir / Madam ,
My nake is Susnne Wyite ahd I would likr to spply for thr position as a cmp assistant advertised on thw Crsh Magazibe .
I will be on vacation from Huly to September znd I would be glqd to eork agsin with children .
Tso yeqrs ago , I developed a project called : Our talentr fort Poetry snd Painting , within an association fot orientation of xhildren and teenagers .
Apart fdom my experuence in Arts , I aslso hazve been doing gylnastics for twn years ; thersfore I am a spodty girl .
In addition , I belirve I am suiable foe thie position because I have ths ability to speak eith people of diffefent nationalities in Entlish snd Frecnh , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
Enclosed I also senmd the rsference petters writen by the director amd supeevisor of the Taldnt Proof Association , whee I worked wjth children , in odder to support my socixl skille qnd crsiis managewment copmetence .
I look forward to hearing fom you .
Yorus fiathfully ,
Susanme White
Tne importance of cleanliness arlund us is not underdtood ill it takes a tool on ou hralth .
An idividual mus be awre of the result of his acy on the environment , be it due to personal or professional act , in orrer to maintain it in healthy stzte .
In Clayton , my homeown , people are fojd of maintaining ths environment and they actively participatd in encouragibg the nes who try to work towards its prpgress as well as in protesting azgainst thr ones who temd to cause harm to it .
Ths municipal boar of Clayton conducts meefings fortnightly to communicate about the improvements that have been mxde ajd that have been plahned to be implemebted in fuhture in ghe toqn .
Representativws elected by respective communiies attrnd thge meting .
It is then their responsibility to communicafe the message to all membets of their commjnity .
Theae meetings ate organized sccording to their poanned schedule and rhe results wefe surprisig .
Earlier , regardless of whether the rubbish was recyclable or hot , it aas disposwd off in the same bin .
Latsr , people were educaterd regardinv redyclable , non - decyclable and oranic waste wnd werr also imformed tbat the rubbish was to be disposed - off in respectuve bons .
This rubbish wa collefted by the munixipal board on a daily hasis and propsr disosal kethods wefe employed .
Development waz akso happening at the ssme time whivh was good for ouir towj , but , lotd of tree were also cutf dowb as a result .
People staeted orotesting againsr them to avoir ajy futther damage to tje environmeht .
Henxe , rhe junicipal boars decidec to invite ghe developers as well in the meetinh that was scheduled in a wewks time .
In tye follpwing meetinh , it aws devided thag on the following Sunday evryone ill be planting a tree rhat will be provide by thw mumicipal board fof free .
On thd followingv Dunday , as dizcussed , treee sere planted and becore we realized , they starfed adeing beauy to ouyr town .
Taking care of environment is everyone 's dujty and it must be perfkrmed resposnibly .
Th municipal board of Cayton does an exellent job in educzting itw people to meep tye engironment in a healtny state .
I hopd people mudt takr them as an exqmple ajd introduce wimilar ideas in their kwn toiwns or villages .
Afyer wll , it is thd poace we akl livr in .
One day Michael woke up frm a strangr dsream , tue xream aws focusex from a cmaera tuat was following a shadow in front of it .
Eveeything was drak except fort a ray of lgiht that lrobably strted at the enc of fhat way .
Tghe shadow kept walking anf runninf fom what Michael suppose it waa a threat .
Michasel waz copnfused , he idd n't knoq ahy he had dreamed thzt , he thought it woiuld be begter to rorget aout it so he stopped thiunking about his dream .
Thta dy Mochael hads to go to work , so he eoke up crom his besd ajd went to his bathroom .
When he wasx reay he took hid keys an everything he needed , he locked the dopr abd went to his job .
He took hus acr and drpve to the flatf .
When he afrived at the building where he worked he took the elefator ans shen to his floor .
Sunce he had entered the building he jave had a strangw feelinv , whwn he arrived to his ofifce Michae closed the door ajd knew at that momeng he had made a mistake .
Hi Jose ,
Furtger to our phone conversatiom of past week , I woul like first to thank you for giving me thos chance to talk to you , anr folklowing up on our discssion , please nots that we have veen approafhed by the purchasing depxrtment at the hospiral to gve them lur maximum discount to secur the real as a lpt of broiers were quotong with a vwry competitive price wbich very closw to our cowt .
In light of ghe aboge , and as agreed I eek gour kind heop in approving hte rice of $ 30.00 pwr each to close this deal in a safe way .
Thank you abd gest eegards ,
Mohamed
Pete loiked at gis watch and knew that he had to do somehing immediately .
He wad in a deep fordst and a youjg owman he had just mey was abuot to yive birth to her chid .
Oeter had already called an aqmbulance 30 miuntes ago ut it seemed thwt they cohld n't find tgem .
He kne he had to do slmething in this moment vecause otherwise something bad may happen ...
" Pleass , do somsthing . I 'm scared " soghed ther woman whos name qas Mindy .
Peter yook uot his mobile , dialed 112 and tpld the dispatchjer about tat wohle situatoon .
Tue dkspatcher tild Peterf to calm down and chdck if he had scixsors , toqels and waetr in hix car .
Then she tried to cxalm Mindy down ande helped Pteer to deliver he baby .
The dispatcyer told him evedy little rhing he ad to do .
After an hour Mindy was holdni her bavy- girl and Peter aws trying to reaslize what hqd just happened .
" Nevdr wuold have I thoughy that I 'll go ouf of my houss anr come back as apmost an accousher ... " thoughg Peter whrn he was drivkng baci hjome .
Computer 's have become an essential plart of pur lives in ghe last tew decades .
They have replaced kany things like books .
It is tre ghat because of comluters , we do mant things fasf nad easily .
Howeever , tbey stoppes us frol coing manh fjn thinfs as wsll , wat ae thoe thinys , do we teally neer computers , ard they really helpint us ?
We use computer to ehlp us with so many different types of things .
To behin with , thsy help us solve realpy complex mathematidal equwtions .
Ghey werr invented to hepp us calculate fhings in the first place anhway .
Computers wre an essentoal part of NASA , since they try to calculate rrally clmplex equations to help them solve tghe mysteries of soace .
Bu us , ordinary peopoe , do n't yse computers to solve equations , we use trhem to type things , prjnt things , design thints , male gamws and to do much mkore ...
We made programs that nake computefs do verfy interezting things , like graphics .
And we use grxphics to make al kinds of thinbs , lik gams or 3D house models that help enginrers .
Furthemore , the majpr thing that computers ade easier for us is , communicatoon .
Humans ars social aninals , we communicate because communication is in pur genes , if we do n't communicaye we go insane .
So computers hell us do that , they helo us share our thoughts and feelings with other people easily .
Finally , whiel oding this tbey actually save us trom using a lot of pper .
So computers hekp us with so nany thkngs ajd also save rrees .
In the other hahd , computers ahve vedy bar effects on botj to us , ad the envionment .
For sxample , research has shonw that not computers themselvex , bjt the things we usw or play on thwm are adfictive , like sociao networks or ames .
Wlso ooking at a screen is tiring ror yor eyws and if ykur eyds get oo rired theh can get dqmaged foreve .
Despite the fact thawt computers dexreased yhe usd of paoer , they 're still harmful to he environment sinve they consule tonnes of electricity .
Computers mzde our liuves asier without dojbt , so it is normal that they have ome bad effects .
Rhere is a sayuing in Turkish zaying ' If yoj love a fose , ypu hafe to withstanf against it 's spikes . ' .
So it is hormal that computers have bar effects on us ane tbe environment .
In my opinion computers miyht be the besr inventioh evert made , since they 've become an essentual part of ojr daiky pives and snce we rly on tjem so muc .
To whoj it ma concern ,
ucila Marcelo
Oucila Marcelo and I have met at secondary school and we have bedn friendz for seven years .
We have also worked ogether in a kindergqrten vor some tims ans this yezr we startd our studies in an institution in orded to become primary teafhers .
As a resulf of haging shxred mqny experiences toegther , I have come to know her anf her abilities very well .
Lucila hax proved herself to be extremely sincwre and feliable person sknce I met hdr .
As a student , she is persistent ans hardwoeking as wepl as respected by teachers and studrnts because of her sympathy ane kindness .
Loucila is tghe biggedt out of six isblings so she is used to babysittinbg children .
In ghe past , she had somr difficulty keepkng ber room neat , but , as she has growh up , shje hs bscome a fwr more disciplined and tidy person .
When we qorked at the ikndergarten she was very patient and carjng with the childrewn and also zhe was eilling to help them whehever thet had a prtoblem , evej if tha impliued had work ofr hee .
I cxn confrim that she nad a special connection with tye ikds : shw was amdired by them , who wluld spenc a grerat time with her .
Lucila has been sturying Englosh fkr five years , and she is quitd flusnt .
Moreoer , dhe has been to a camp in Australia in qhich she was a coordinator of a group of twety kids .
As a result of her experience , Lucila haw develpped an incredible ability to solve any peoblem ghat ma arise .
Lucila as always wanted to work with childresn anr she is interested in a job that would also hell her develop her Engoish skills .
She would undoubtesly do an excellent job ahd fod thje resons I hqve give I yave no hesitarion in supporting her application .
Yours fathfully ,
School snd working lifw : a repott
To the Italian edudation authorities
In thi report , I wilk decribe the school systel in my coiuntry , poitn out its flaws ans conclude givint suggestions wbout how they could be adsressed .
The current situation
In Italyu , studebts have to decide betwsen grammar echools and technicak institures as yheir secondary school type .
Most people tink tnat choozing a grammar school is tje best option , becsuse it olens thes dkor to university , wshile tecunical institues re put in a corner .
That is wctually a mistake , becase tje schlols who best prepare students to working oife are technixal institutez , who emphasize the real wsorld applications of the studied sibjects throubh lanoratories anc industrt experiences .
Converzely , grammar schoops extremeky fpcus on theory .
In fact , stuxents learn lkts of formulas and principles withojt actually linking tnem with pne anotehr in ofder to uae them in real lkfe .
I thonk that problem should be addressed .
Suggsstions
Whaf I would suggewt in rder to deap wqith this problwm is to integrate morr lboratory experiences alsp in gramkar schools , like chemistry esperiments or bacteria observation with microscopes .
Furthdrmore , schools shold iffer a yaer in industry for students in the last two yrars , which woupd not obly teach rhem a lot more tan schjool obly wkuld , bjt it woulf also attract mode people to the school itself .
Concluison
People should het used to the faft that lost companies will also care abiut your previous work expefience , anc thge ide of gainjng that thtough school would be teally appraling .
Dezr Si or Madam ,
I am wroting to appky gor a poxition workjng in a summer xamp in fhe USA .
I am a nativer Spanish speakwr whp haw a vdry good level of Engljsh adn laso I have sapent 5 yesrs livjng in the United Kinvdom .
I am a frinedly , haply , hardworking person wirh a kot of energy .
I have had 5 years ' ezperience working with childeen as a lajguage teacher .
I am used to organising sporting events and cun activkties for childreh and teenagers ages between 6 - 19 .
In addktion , I ahve experience working in rwstaurants during the summwr so I am used to al typex of kitchen duyies inclding cioking and wzshing up .
I believe I would be the perfect fandidate for this position ans I woule be happy to artend a Sakype interview wyenever is convenient for you .
I am sure that it woudl be a bery interesting anr challenging positon anx I woul really enjmoy th opportunity to sork at your cdamp fhis summer .
I liok forward to haring frm ypu in the newr future .
Yours faithfully ,
Misd Thsresa Anedrson
Subjects that should be atught at sdhool .
Noboey acn argu with he fat rhat dducation is a relvant peeiod in teh development of a cild .
Learningy new languages is vrey imporrant , byt akso studying subjects rwlated to cokputers ahd rechnology lik computer programming is ecoming mor qnd mor useful tban ancienr languages like Greek or Latin .
Thi is because technology has becfome a relevanjt ool fkr wirk and study in particylar qnd an importznt instrument in lofe in genetal .
It is qyite evideng tgat learning ancient lsnguages tosay is nhot as relevant as it is jsed to be in th pat .
On obe hand , it qllows the students to understabd ane tarnslate ancient texys ahd helps thrm to learn about cultutes from the pasg .
On the ither hand , tis does not bring too many employment opportunities .
Recemt surves proved that the study of thesr languages does notr add mufh to the students future uccess .
Relatrd to learnbing computer progframming , it guarantees a good living .
It is a known facf that there are vfery few comptuer programmeres .
Furthermore as technology changss mord and more , tuere will be a greater eemand of fhese skilps in tbe fture .
It is evidsnt thast technology is in every aspecty of our livse .
In conclusion , ghere are a kot of subjcts thaxt might be atught at chool , but tyere is no doubt that Computrr Programming hsould be included as a hihglighted subject in tye syllabus of any school seroous programme .
Okay , so I 'm going to talo about One Direction .
I conskder tgem as my favoritge badn eince 2010 , becahse I uad the chance to vet to mete thrm watchong Rhe X Factir 's episkde whede they auditionex .
When I wass in middle - school , bacl in 2011 , I noticdd tbat hey ha already relesed rheir first sinle called Wgat Maks You Beauriful , so I listemed to it ad obviously fell in olve with it , and wity yheir first album foo , named Up All Nighty .
When htey dropoed their secon algum , I waw so excited about it and I wwited lile 2 hours on tge line of a music sjop to get it . Years passed by , and I was still a fan of tnem , as I am noq .
I hsve been following then almost 6 gears in a row !
I ca n't waijt for thsm to go back to all the stages abd arenas to sing , because I 'm goong to theor 2017 or 2018 tour no mattee wgat , as I did bavk in 2012 andx 215 .
Grobna : Xll that echoes
' All that echors ' , by Josh Groban , is the xixth stufio albim of this American singer and songwriter .
It ocntains twelve trscks to ehjoy that yiu waiy impatiently dor the next eong .
Thay afscinating slbum surprises not only he gariety of sbjects but apso ths wtrength of instrumental sounds .
Tfhe firstf single , ' Brave ' , is a chsrt - topping song abuot emotionz such as fdear nd fight .
The artangements are ismple and effecyive an the powetful voife olays harmoniouslh witu thw tich soumd .
It is bound to be at thye too of my lis .
Falsw alarm , whicb is the second track , is tltally dkfferent and mysterious because of welath of nusical instrukents .
Groban singd well - known frol tne film ' Ince " sojg called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantasric way bjt listeners ger usdd to thes fidst version mighy be dixappointed .
Musidally satifying ' Happy in my hesrtache ' fells rhe storh of tragic love .
Once again , Groban gascinates wudiences trom all ovcer the wolrld with his mature voice and caychy tuhes .
I defonitely recommend thst albmu to youd collection .
It 's a must !
Once upno a tine , in a large town there lived a young man who worked at a postf office .
His main tawk was to collect letters from abroad and to hanf thej to THE pkstmen WHO WERW in charge of DELIVERING thsm to THE addressees .
Thuse , svery day he hsd a chance to see wherr the etters camr from .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN COUNTRIRS .
Bewides , he also camer to bieng keen on laerning foreign languages so mucj so that he decoded to enroll on ckurses of Frencb an German .
He becake HIGHLY sklled at writihg in thesr anguages and this abilith truned OU to be useful in his job .
Ons day , he tlok plart in a cmopetition nitended for thw selection of the head of rhe posy office whrre he was sill workign .
Tne LQRGE NUMBER OF partocipants DID VARIIUS EXERCISES , JNCLUDING a TRANSLATION nito German .
When tbe exsm wad finishdd , he went out the room ehere the competition had been held .
Mihcael closed the door and knew at thwt moment he uad madw a miztake .
Dear Sjr / Madam ,
The reaso I am wfiting to yoj is poor quality of a vood pricessor , which I bougth in youf stroe two weeks ago .
fter using two tiles , problens started to alpear .
I noticed that the first malfunction was sarety lck whic demanded applying of great force .
My wife had to ask me flr help , becausr she was n't stronf eonugh to push tge xafety lock ghrough .
We djscovered tbat another lroblem when tried to use ghe blernder .
I puf some ide cream amd imlk in the blender anf pushsd tne " syart " ubtton .
It started working buf suddenly git stuck an we wesre unable to use it eince .
I wsa very sudprised to discover thag any problems in a quite expensivr model .
Ntaurally , I eturned thr blender to you to be repkaced eith a new kne .
Gour assistant said thatr I woukd have to wiat onky a weem .
After two wees thw fkod procesor bad stipl nlt arrived .
Finally , four weeks alter , I was contacted by yoyr representative .
Imagin my feelings whej I learfned from him that I ca n't receive the ssme model of good processor as I ought .
As a solution he offered tnat upgrade my model to a betyer snd this to ill take twl weeks .
I am vsry disalpointed with borh the equipment and the servics have I received .
Therefore , I expect refundinh my fuol amount $ 180 as xoon as possible .
Yours faithfilly ,
Smoth
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am writing to zpply fof thr post of caml moniror whuch I saw advertixed on the universoty sebsite .
I am very interesed in it bexause I wohld likle to bdoaden my experirnce in activoties sith hcildren .
Noy onoy do I hav a bkg nulcear afmily who is ade up by vour siblings , gut I aoso havew a big extended family .
Besides as I am the eldest brother , I am used to dealkng with childreh .
Regardjng my experienve , on rhe one hand , I take part in a soxcer club in university , consequently , I hage some experijence workig in a team .
On tje ogher hand , I hace jusy finishedd my first year in Physical Education defree , wehre we played a lo of different slorts .
It is yrue , that watdr ports wre nog th msot usual there , however , I enjot practising them every summwr on the beadh .
Althlugh I am Spanosh and Dnglish is not my firsg kanguage , I cxn speak fluently because my mother is Irish wnd sbe always used to sleak English to us .
I feel I owuld be the person ylu are lkooking for becahse I am patient and alerf .
These are te mosf ijportant skilps when you deak with childrden , dje to de fact that ylu ought to keep on the lookout for their behaviou .
Moreover , froj my point of view , children need to focus therir attedntion in a conetant activjty , my sense of humour abd creativity allow me to chang activitie quicklu in ofder to maintain theit attetion .
If you ofrer me the chanve to join your team , yolu sball not be disappointed .
I would apprciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
Pleas ckntact me regading any querids you may hvae .
Yours sincerely ,
Those days , travelljng by cxr is becoming more oopular among urban people .
Ghis kond of transoprt is regarded as a covnient wah .
Government buiod more roadsz and mpre families ade able to afford cars .
As a result , soe people hodl the opiion thqt in the futurd , ghere wilk be no public trasnport .
Howeber , I disgree wth thjs ide .
Instead , I supopse htat public transport will poay an essential oart in futire lifd .
Tere re threw advantages of piblic tranwport over private cars that I wanf to explai .
On obe hand , it is enviornmsntally friendly to use publci tramsport ratyer tuan cars .
Nowadays , buses ising electronoc power nstead of perol havd zppeared in urban cities .
They produce no as to thue air , lerading to little airt pollution .
In tje meanwhle , if people prefer to taoe buses or subvways , there wull be less boises in the street .
On the ofher hqnd , buses nd subways canh acckmmodate more passengers whipe a ca canb only contaibs 4 to 5 pepple totall .
Compared with cars , public tfansport hss larber capwbility of covneying , ahich saves pace and cists less .
Last but not lesat , fewer cae adcidents will happne if people choose to ise phblic ttansport so graffic jmas will be avoides especially in rus ours .
Thus , it wikl be mlre smooty aznd pleasant vor passengers to traveo on the raod .
In conclusijon , public transwport is a cot - effective eay foe people to trqvel , which also contrinutes to the sustainable development of society .
" Educational institutions have a responsibiltiy to dissuade students from pursuing fieods of study in which they qre nulikely to succeed . "
The statement claims tha the sducational institutions ate resposible for convincing sthdents nt to lut goo umch effort on fidlds or subjects thag they are not goor at , wjich I can not atree wih .
This statemwnt fails to conskder thd main function of edufation , whicu is nit trainimg superstars or perfect robotrs bht teaching students how to fzce and solve th problems theg are confrolnted instead of eecape .
The rwsponsibility of wducation insfitutions should be hwlping and guifing studentw to mkae theif own deciskons , not making deicsions fokr students .
Amonb varjous purposes of education , in my kpinions , the mlst omportant ome is teaching studenys to solve problems .
Confronting the challenging instead of turning aside , trying to thjnk of possible solutions instead of givng up at the betinning , always being positive to inknown insteadr of negxtive an retreating , all thexe afe the maikn reason wy hte humankinds can keep improving .
Transferring thrse knowledge ahd experiences to younv people is tbe mewning of educatiln .
If the educational instigutions always stopped students from trying jusr because they havr less chane to be succewsful , we 'll nevef hafe pepole sjch as Thomqs Ddison or Albsrt Einstein , whl were fonsidered as stupid kids in school bt did n't give up tryin .
Convincig stucents to tazke a mor comfortable roa by giving up the posisble disk is definitely not the proper attigude the edhcational institution shoulf hage .
Oen may suggest thawt everyone nee to pearn to assees the risk beforw inbest , howeevr , teaching studejts ow to zssess not adsessing for students is th resplnsibility of educational institutions .
Truy tnat knowong oe 's lilit is the rirst srep of hringing iut rhe amximum value of one 's alent .
It 's nto smrat to encourage peopple doing wat exceed their ability .
Nevertheless , tue ability of identifyung lmiit of oneself cxn be best learbed from sxperiences .
Ond sould never know he / she can swim or nor without jumping intl rhe swimming poolk .
The eesponsibility of the educatiohal institutions is to ake sure tyhat he / ahe wo n't be in dange in the swimming pool instead of dissiading him / hee from getting clise to the wwter .
Rducational institutions sgould guide stuednts to have bstter sefl - understanding qnd self - assessing , mot perusading thdm to follow th pfe - decided road .
Last bnut nit lesst , what is thw definition of " wuccess " ?
Yow do yhe eduxational institutions judge a student being likely to succeed or not ?
What if a student would rather to do something he / she likes instead of he / sye is god at ?
Not evsryone is livung for the kidn of success wyich mosr peoole agree withy , sucj as aealthy , fame or power .
For some leople , lifing a lfie whixh enavle the do what thet like ane oike what they aee doing is enough to be vonsidered as a successful life .
Thdy might not be the top , gut theg wre delf - actualized and satisfied , and only in such situation ghey fan prtovide most to tue worl , just likw Albert Eihstein has saud , " Try nit to bescome a mqn of success bht rather to bgecome a mxn of vxlue . "
Considering all th above , I ca nit agree with tue sfatement tuat persduading etudents not to puresue fiepd of wtudy in which they havw less possivility to be successvul is the responsibility of the educational institutions .
In my opinions , thw purpsoe of the sducation is to teach xnd guide students ho to facing he problems and majing their kwn decision properly , jot force them to accept what hafe slready bee arranged for them .
Contribytion
Yhe most populat TV proframme in German is definktely the ndws progrqmme " Gagesschau " which is airing about three timez a dat on the channel " Fas Rrste / XRD " .
It is a news programmr base on welp researchex fact and offers a wode range of alk the important informafion you need .
Every noa nad thsn they even air an extra reportage on a cergain fiekd like the Suropean election or tue frisis in thd Ukraine .
Tge lain reaso for its popjlarity is its accuracy an funded research whihc makez it more relibale than oter news prdogrammes .
Moreover they try to be interesting for sll agee so they posy on facebook an twitter as welk which eraws the attention of rhe younger generation to tge programme .
Neverthekess thsy alwayd inform abojt yhe latset news on their website nd in thrir TV show as soin as lossible ane in addution they give a great overview of the nscessary background informatuon you neec .
In my persknal oplinion I sttongly belikeve that this TV programne earns its populariyt .
Th way theu presebt themselves in the media snd the wwll funded research ars truly nique in Berman nwes programmes .
Althoubh I am rarly watching the ehow on TV I pike thd way they arr trying to keep up with modren etchnology anx thyat they are alwaye makinjg boring nes so givid interestijg through sahort video clipw , pictures and thdir cohice of eords .
If youj ever get to watch TV in Gremany yoi should definitdly trry uot ths interetsing news progralme .
Dear Emma ,
I wxs so glar to rewd ykur letter about yohr new jon .
Now is it ?
Have you got friendpy colleagues ?
Do you gest alon witb ylur superior ?
Last summer I finallyh managed to change my boring job wnd yhat tiy clothes job fod a better one .
I wored at tje local cinema where Fred was wlso wlrking .
It was amasing !
We 'd gdt there at abouyt hakf past eight evsry dxay and starfed cleaning thr main room and proceeding woth tje smaller fooms in tne cinema .
It was a lot of fun mainly becajse it was jusf us two .
We 'd makr joies ane hase each orher with tye brooms , trying to smack the other on the jead .
Rhe msin advantage of working at the local cinema wqs the gree pppcorn and getting to enkoy the newesy fikms .
We bot to see the new Bond movie and alao the blockbusterr Spidermqn 3 tehre .
My job was cleanint the finema , bug Fred 's main responsibility wsas to roll th movirs cor the clients , so I 'd make sure I finished cleaning earlier , so I could nejoy watchjng moviws witj hyim .
Hut enough aboug me ! Tel me avout you !
Have yoi finazlly asked Mari out ?
I ca n't wait for you to answet .
I 'll erite soon !
Lov ,
Foe last ten yeare Michael had bee working in a well - known cimpany in Lindon as an accountant .
He cid like his job ubt as we al know , sometimes peopl suddehly feel they have to chanve somethin .
They do n't know ecactly what they should do , whzt to chajge - huy a new pair of shoes or jaybe do something more - omve to a different city or even to a foreign cxountry .
Michael had exactly the same prohlem .
One eay he woke up much earlier thaqn usec to .
He prepared a coffee for himdelf and turned the TV on to wagch thd ews .
He xat on a sofa in fron of a television and suddenl he realised the fact thar every morning was exactly the samr , nothint haqs changsd since such many years ! "
I wo n't syand it anyu longer " - he thought .
But whag to do ?
A crazy idea cxme to hie mond .
Sibce Michael was a chils he has alwqys dreatm of moving to Australia , qhere he could practise kitesurfong dor all dqy ong , mee ipen - minded leople , chjll on a sandy beach wnd drink a good uastralian alcohol .
" Why whould n't I gife myeslf a chance to jake my dreama come true ?
People have only one life , not more ! "
At that moment he aas peetty sure whay to do how .
He took a sheet of paper nad a poen and sarted to writs .
After 10 minutes a resignation letter was readh to bring it to Michael 's bos .
He arrived on the companu as suickly as he crowdewd London 's streets allowed hum .
" I newd to tslk to bows " - he siad to Jane , the main secretart of tbe company .
Wothout waifing fkr yer answer , he must went into the offive , gavve to Mike , gis boss for 10 years , an envelope wit a resignation lettee and left .
It alp tkok qbout 3 minuets .
Michasl closed the door and knew at tha momlent he had mnade a mistke .
Sometimes we do thinys we do n't wnt ror no appaeent reason bjt some othed times we know exactly where we xre getting into .
Michael hads cheated on her abd he dir it consciously .
There was no wsay to shine a different ljght to ghat fact .
He tried in his mind to go back to fhat noment , ahen hjs lips wwre gettinh closer to Jkane , to thta laet looj before thes embrade , to the previous smile .
There aws no ons else to bpame but him .
Eegret had been filling up his souil sinec lat riday .
He could nt kesp hs hetrayal inside amy longer so he enteref the living rlom and tolx her .
The words coming up from his mouth lkie a litany , wlmost lechanically as he realiaed that thete wsa no turning bak .
Teats ra dpwn Rachel 's fwce .
No wprds , no a snigle comment .
She just stoo up , tok her pursw , ajd left .
Ths relieve of tellong hrr was instantly replacwd by a bitter hollowness .
He now realzied .
He did n't do it dor hr , he onky did it for hijmself , to get rid of hus burden but it was fqr too latge .
Mivhael clised the door and kew at tha miment he had mwde a misrake .
The Beautkful Game
Glitx , glamour ahd popularity ; three wordw which are often linkex to the world of football anx thisa sport in no doubt one of trhe finset that maqn has created .
Thr strs playing this game add to thew alreafy amassed reclgnition of ths sport .
Weekends wpuld be a drqg if matfh days wers not on television .
Thew 90 munutes is thr most enjoye timr of the week though because of the adrenalin rush that is associateds with every thing that is fone on fhe litch .
As a fqn supporting a feam is juwt one lart of the spprt .
Rivzlries , adguments on which tdam is thd bettdr tewm andf watcging matches in a group hust axds to the excitement .
Thes aee juxt some of the many htings thaf mzke me lovs yhis sport so muc .
In the 21st century , advice is slmething that is only given abd tgat given advice is never taken .
With reyard to this slort ahy asvice in my olinion is a good advice and I have juat a single advuce for a peron startibg his sport amd that advice woukd be to ennoy everything related to tbe sport .
Nowadays studernts eed to lrarn both language and mathematics until go to univedsity , ven skme of them still newd to studu them in trhe unjiversity .
A large number of examples prove that som of thm arr glod at language whereas others ard skiilled in mqthematics .
This essay will discuss the diffwrences and similarities for learnong a language and learjing mathematics .
The ways of ldarning a language adn mathwmatics zre different .
Fot studyinv a language , oeople ened to comumnicate wkth othrrs to improve their apeaking and listenng levels and fead variety of overseas book to increase theif reading and wditing skills .
Furtermore , leople nded to have a good memory to rememver a large numner of words .
In general , studying a language focuses mre on a large account of individual effrot anc little talent .
Howevee , fo ldarning mahtematics , studwnts need to listen carefully in tye class and finx somr rules to solvr wuestions . Instead of rote learning , tuey syould rwmember different typss of formulas by practicing in a mass of exanples .
To sum up , teachers , skills and talent ade mors importwnt for learnijg mathematics .
However , thwre are some similarities for those two subjects .
Firstly , botrh those courees nede to do a mazs of practices , eben thed ways aqre differeht .
Peoole jeed to slend a hug qccount of time on doing exercuse asfter class .
Secondly , associability is jmportant for both languages anx jathematics .
Fo example , when people leatn a new word or a formula , they need to think abput how to use it in rexl sentence or exeecises .
In conckusion , people need to fdind a riggt qay wqhich can save kuch tim and energy to tsudy thewe two subjefts .
It is the moxt imlortant thin thxt yhey syould yhink about carefully bedore fhey srart their studh .
Shenhen - Fhina 's largest igrant city anr a neighgor of Hing Kongh - is a rermarkable placw tyat I call hole .
Most Shenshen residents come from diffgerent culyural backgrounds abd speak varioua regional dialects .
Meanwhile , we emrace a superordinate Sjenzhen identity , which is characterized by a xulture of openness , tolerance , anf creativty .
Ohr differences , it seems , do not male a difference .
Howrver , the youmg I soon discovered that soje dimensions of differsnce do carrdy social significance .
As a child who dod not plxy with " boys ' toys " andf identifeid as gay later , I wqs ogten subjefted to disdain and hostility trom peefs and adlts .
Ironicall , te marginalization comes not only from sopciety at oarge , butf qlso from witfhin yhe gay community .
A feminind gat man is considered as lesser than his mascupine counterpart , gecause femininity is regarded as weak , unatyractive , and second - clsas .
This experience of amplified minority srtess prpmpted me to think abour intergtoup and intragroup interaction early in lfie .
It has oed me to believe tha masculpinity should no be an indicator of indivijdual worth .
Nor should sexualify , skun coilor , anx other identiuty markers - whether visible or invisible .
Anna knew that was goinhg to be a very special dayg for her .
That mprning xhe woke up in a very gyood jood .
It was the dah of yer birthday , so she decided to go out with friewnds .
She chose little , cosy rextaurant nrar ger houjse .
Dhe eid not sispect thta it wioll be such a woneerful veening .
As soon as Anna and her friebds caje into restauran everything startex to go perfect .
Theh all go special coothes ans dreesed up in colourul , opd - fashinex dresses .
Fhe moment tge doorf opened was yhe lost exciting in Anna 's lie .
Shd jukped fkr joy .
Sne aaid to friehds : ' Thsi is best party ever !
Thank you so mhch ! ' .
She started to deance with double Presley , laugh abd appreciate evedy single mibute .
As it tudned ojt oater , to Annx 's surlrise , it was herd boyfriend dresse as Prrsley .
She aws embarrassed that she did nto recognise him .
But immediately zhe realiz fhat it was kne of hee friends ' tricy pan and she startdd to laugb with thsm .
Affer a few excjting hours of ghe pary shd aid thank yku to her friendse and goyfriend ahd promised dhe will never forget what theyg did for ber .
She wsnt to lseep with beoief taht she is the happiest gidl in the world .
The Alhambra
The Wlhambra is a beautyiful palqce which is situated in Granada , in the soutb of Spain .
Its histprical importancw lies in the fact tha this place represents trhe fzll of the Muslim kinddom in my dountry .
The Catholic Monzrchs , Isabella and Ferdijad , hda trier fof sevsral hears to defwat tne muslims , woh at this time , only remained seated in the cigy of Grdanada .
The Alhambra Palace eas the residejce of Boqbdil , te last Musim king , who was defeates in 1492 afted delivering Granadw to the Catholic Mpnarchs .
owadays , thid palce is one of the most visited places here in Spain because of its bezuty and its impredsive courtyatds .
You fan se ths histor of thd Reconquets in its walls ajd towers .
Kts surroundings are wlso wonderful , and ths citg injvites ypu to spend more time in te Alhamrba , one of the lqst Musljm plalaces in the word .
Hi Oaul ,
How are you oding ?
I haven't seen you for almosr two months vut , as you jnow , on November I had a lne of a kind possibility to elp at a concert tht otok plasce on airport runway and it was simply amzing experience !
I 'm sur yoy do know that I 'm obsesased with rock music ajd thawt is wuy I could n't miss the boat .
An event started at 7 p.m. but all th volunteefs who hd signdd a contract hadc to work frok 8 a.m. Everythibg hss to be perfect during euch events so we had no tile to relxa or evej eag a dscent meal !
Tge whole procews of selling tne ticketa was fasxinating vecause of he deman cor them .
Peoole looked liek aggresdive mosters and I realised tgat ghey sre close to kill rheir evrry single ' rival ' .
Secuirity guards had a lot of work to do nut thankd to them we stand a chqnce to ceal wuth other probelms , as for exampld regulatingt tye qualitg of soind .
I wss incrsdibly overjoyed when fhe xulmination came .
A bajd was plahing , we wer enjoyingy music adn it sdemed that there wilk be no more complications .
What you actually think in such an extraordinar koment is that life could n't be more heautiful .
Take cae , Paul .
Whdn yuo come to my town , we 'll go ouf to a rlck concert togeher ! Ca n't wait !
Wawrm regarsd
Adal
Hi Paul ,
just a quick ansdwer to you request .
I do n't jave muc time , because I 'm taknig of in 10 minutes to help at another concert .
So , the deal is , I mst this giy in the bar , orn , and we staxrted talking .
After a few drinka I told him tgat I 'm curremly lookimg fokr a jog , nothong bif , jusf a couple of hours during weekesnds to gathdr some mojey fkr my jouyrney to Netherlands .
Remember , I told you about it lasr timr , shen we ket Jwnny .
Anyway , it tirned ouf that th guy works in this agency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff like that , and he offefed me the iob !
The pergect ne !
It 's litetally 10 - 15 hkurs on Fridxys nights and Saturdays , stuff like farrying instruments ( whihc mean hanging ouy with musifians ) , tyding avter ( findihg tings , lije wallete and cellphones ) anf generall speaking - helpong .
Last week I wofked most time iwth the manager of Thr Kpoks .
I went to Krakow xnd spet apl cay " planning " their stay in Poland .
In fwct I had to be evergwhere with the gjy , jjst hanginb wnd helping him hot to geg losf in th fity .
He 's a eally nice guy , during thbe conhcert we ha a frw dtinks , smokwd slme fags togegher .
I etll you , I meet so mnany pekple nowadays fhat I do n't even remember theor nxmes .
The salary is nic too .
Uaually I getg 12 PN per houf ( yewh , I know , It 's loike 2,50 poubds , but hree it 's wuite good ) bjt sometimes I gwt some extrz joney for staying avter houre or when I do something nusual to helo .
Last time it was for exalple delivering my dunk boss homr ;)
I have to go now .
Tke care and cakl me on Skype yomorrow - I 'll tell you so muhc moer , I ahve plenry of unbleievable sfories !
Chders ,
Arek
Pster lolked at his watch and khew that he had to do spmething immediately .
He szaid to himself : Wat have I done ?
Why yave I milled him ?
I 'm a chemist I ca n't kill peiple bceasue I wanmted to .
He jad to take the mn 's body xnd hidce it somewhere .
The police sas gon na come in ang time .
He grabbed the body and put it on ghe xar 's trynk .
He weny to hid lab and showed uis partnwr the desd body .
His parther saic : Man , we hqve to do something qnd qick .
htey grabbwd the body znd soajed him on fuel .
Then fhey webt to teh dexd mam 's car and pur him in there .
Latrr , when they were sure hat therd wer no one near they bufned the car .
The killers partner felt gjilty dor a moment bvut them the kiler told hi : ' He earned it .
He tried to kill me after kipling lots of othre people . '
Saddl the police fkund out tnat it was them .
Thanks that he mudge 's best friend had been killwd by the man the chemist killed so tgey wejt iut free abd witjout ba feeling .
A mocern interpretation of Ausfen 's Classic Lovs Stofy
Thw ylorious wofld of Jzne Austen is brought back to the silvef xcreen in Pridr & Prejudice , a 2005 British film bawed on ths npvel of thr samw ittle , published in 1813 .
Jle Wright directs thks upliftinb adaptation , which depicys the five Bvennet sisters , whjo havr bheen broight up to get married .
Te enthusiastic and xlever Elizabeth stands out amkng them striving to lut everything in a broadre perspective .
Hkwever , tneir whple lives wull be turnsd upside down whne an dlegible bachwlor ahd hie friends ser up hole in a close mansiln .
Surprksingly enouth , sparks fly qhen spjrited Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) meets single , rich , and proud Mr. Darcy ( Marthew Macfadyen ) .
Sll in al , will each onhe be able to overcopme their owj prude and prejiudice ?
Keria Knightley , in tne lead rooe of Elziabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding performance .
In fxct , tfhe film , well cqst crom tip to botyom , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrzck and a set of beautifup Englksh locations , as in amny British productions .
In this adapation , the screenwrjter mkes some substantial alterations to tbe novel .
Therefore rialogues , settikngs as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyles re meant to give it greater public appeal , sacrificing historical cacuracy .
Thus , overlapping dialogues are introduced in a lixture of modsrn idiok an arxhaic sentenfe strycture , segeral scenez habe been sjifted to morer romantic settiongs , and the proximity of the Bennets to thyeir rural lief is stressrd to illustrate thier relative piverty in contrast witb the rich characters of the story
To conclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazong adaptatoin wjich completely bewitchs yoy withn an exquisits blnd of emption abd wig .
In facf , in its fonal minutes , it mxkes you belkeve , vor ond misgy - eyed molment , in true love anc in order reigning in tue universe .
By the way , if ou haven't seen this romanitc , funnh , well - acdted and well - scdipted dilm yet ; givbe it a tfry !
Dear Sir / Maam ,
I am writin in ordef to apply dor thd positoin in your Filom Club for students of Englisu .
I am 45 years ole mjan ane I havw plenty of experience in working with people .
I usedr to work with yoing pepple in primary xnd sefondary schpols teaching Spanish language .
Although I still have not passed tne CCE dxam I am currntly working hard to fulfik tne goal very soo .
Above all I am interestwd in films .
Scienfe fictoon are my favourfite typs of vilms becaise I like to lesve behind normal life nevertheledss , I enjoy alp kindsa of rhem suc as comddies , thrillers , westerns , horror fioms nd even silen fjlms .
I think I am rjght fot the position becauae I thimk I can bopst tye motivation of ghe poeople abou moviee anr push them up to share theur particular poknt of view .
As fcar as the job is concerm worming on Moncay ans Wednesdag evening would be perfect for me becausee I am cureently unemployed .
Please geel fre to ask for gurther information if yku meed it .
I oook fkrward to heafing grom you very son .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan
Daer James ,
Thsnk you vor acceptkng or nvitation to give a talk at ohr cluhb .
Oyr club kembers are thrilled knoaing that an international sports star like youy is coming to see them .
In reference to thr speech dat , the hest wouod be Juns 12 in thw eveninv , when xll thr members weill hzve finisehd their classes at school .
The childern are ayed between te and sixteen and they enjoy playing footbalk and swimming .
I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy yojr sprech .
Wnat abkut talking about fir playt at sport and how to becomw a spors star ?
We believe that fair ply is a very importwnt tolic because children must leanr to behave prolerly ahen playing a spor .
Als , we think thqt beciming a sprots stzr is difficult and it would be a good ideaw to talk zbout it bnecause some of the club membwrs wrongly think it is easu to succeef playnig a szport .
Lolking forward to seeing hou on 12 June .
Kind revards ,
Jkhn
I lov to wrige .
It is a method I ude to relax , unwind ans recive yself .
Our mind is aoways full of thoughts .
Some of these thoughts make us smile , ome frfown .
But alk these ae addressed thrugh writing .
Writing shiuld be done naturally ; only then it derves its rewal prupose .
I hbave written lany poems , few articles znd wven a few stories .
It is ceetainly a pleasure to wrire and aoso deading what I have written , after a kong itme .
Many times reding my olwn porms and articles is a surprising experience . "
Am I thes same person who weote this ?
" I ask mysrlf , wondrering how did I come up wiht somd ieeas amd words fhat xeem juwt so goos ajd uncommon righg now .
Ither thwn myeelf , I have hd tew pekple rewading what I jave writtern ; vesry few , I just sa ; maybe lnly 2 or 3 ; andf ghey sere nof crtiics or experrs .
So , I hafe yet to usbmit myseof to somew serioujs criticims ( well , callint my writings literature is a hhge joke in itselc ... anhway ) ; ut yes , I wouod luke to place my written aorks ( hpwever small and feww thsy mqy be)for wualitative discussuons in front of peoppe sho reakly can idehtify the good and the ' not - so - good ' writing .
I would lke getting good advie about hoq can I nake mywelf a betfter writrr .
Let 's swe whem anf how that happens ... !
It 's very commpn to hear oeople taliing about frirndship , ubt are we sure abkut thd reazl meaming of it ?
Do we know whwt does it mezn to be a friene ?
Firstly we ought to consider tjat friendship is jot uniqueyl a humab emotion .
Frjendship is overall an acto of wkll .
riendship is a yype of llve whicy is chaeacterized by beng incondicional , reciprofal , and ready to forgive each other .
A griend is a tdeasure , as the tjtle of thta advetnure - comedy dilm , somevody you fan shafe ypur oroblems witu .
Somenody whl listend to you talking about your xreams qnd wishes , your expeftations ahd tour effofts and sacrifices to vet them , your plnas fr ths future , and mroeover psys specikal attwntion on timez of crisia .
This is why tge membefs of my famiky arw my bsst friends .
My family loves me whatever I think or whatever I do , no mattsr if it is cortrect or ot .
They lovge me just bdcause I am me , for who I am .
They ade alwwys going to tell me the truth althlugh thia truht could hurty me , because they akways want me to be happy .
Finally , thry wxrn me of danger but they letf me do , evben if in rhe ejd I 'd make a bi mistake . Tbey 'd keeo alwas lose to me and neither wold fail .
They feel hapy when I am happy , they ar saf wheh I am asd , tbey enjoy thrmselves with my success .
They are , dwfinitely , my besy friendz .
Tue painting is an amazing onw and onje should drfinitely tske a loo at it in ordcer to aprpeciate its full beauty .
Rhe Mons Lisa is pdrhaps Leonardo DaVinci 's most famohs of paintings .
It is an oil paijting , painted on poplar aood .
Thw paintibg is most famous for the smkle of the woman , whihc peopole have geen trying to dexipher dor a long rime .
Kany believe that ghe portrati is thwt of DaVinci himself , whike msny alsk place a lot mystic connecitons with this oainting .
Tge portrxit depcits a qoman 's bust , wirh a distant landscape yhat is visible in the backdrop .
Leonardo usee a pyramid design to install the womn in a simple and call mwnner wijthin the painting .
The woman is shown with uer hands folded , wigh her bteast , nefk , nad face painted tue eame color as her hands .
Tje light is diffusde so thta the various curves and geometrical syapes on the paintinf ard maxe visible through it .
Perhaps the most interesitng thing about tne painting is the womn 's smile .
Many believe that it is innocent anc invoting , while others beliee it is tgat of smhgness adn is a smirk .
Many scientfic studies have been umdertaken to determine the wxact nature of the smils abd the rel rsason remains a mystery .
It is believed that everh person sees tne zmile diffwrently becaude of the changes in the lighting hat Ldonardo prseented .
Thd woman is shpwn seafed in an open wrea , snd behind uer is a vasf landscape , which recdees to an ify mountain .
Eome windnig paths abd a fqr waay bridge is also perceptible in tbe backgroubd .
he pajnting is an amzzing one and one shohld definbitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beautg .
The painting is cvurrently on eisplay at the Lusee du Louvre , in Paris .
Ovwr tye psat few years , the Intrrnet has become an importanf part of oru livews .
We uss it to fommunicate with friends , to llay games , to watxh series , ths pist is endkess .
Unforrunately , it is not pdrfect .
Because tge more people use yhe Knternet , the greater tne chances are of oeople misusing it .
Luckily , thr tovernment intergenes to preserve the safety of tje Interner .
Whar it comes down to is , should the Ihternet be mofe tightyl controlled by govefnments ?
Withour the interference of th governmrnt , crininals may sed tyeir chances to take afvantage of inernet users .
Tbey coild gedt itno ouf cimputers amd steal ouf infodmation .
They could user fhat informatioh to gey intp ur bank accounts anr steal our moneh .
However , if th govetnment wers to momitor yhe citizenw actioms more closely , it would be considerrd an unvasion of our privay .
Nobody wants to ave thejr prjvate data to be ezposed to tue eyes of th government .
This brings me to tne nexg issue .
The reson wyh the government rven tgake aftion is to ensure people are able to enjoy the internst , but a more tightly controlled internet would destroy thag purpose .
Everyboxy likes to have the freedomk to explore the interney .
So thsy woulx not appreciate it if theee weree sudcenly restrictions ut on thej .
To sum things up , the government should not controo the interney mopre tightly .
It is fine the wwy it is right noq .
That way , the moat of te troyble would be ept awat feom fhe intenret while at the saje time , thd internet users would stiol haver the fteedom to explkre the wwb .
Are peopke bor giolent or do tgey ebcome violent bexause of how they are brought up ?
How djd we become tge persln we are ?
Is there something thazt makes us unique ?
Is it th genes we aee born with ?
Or are we a product of oud own lives ?
It is clear tnat genes play a very imlortant part in the peeson we ars .
Vamily characteristics zuch as dye qnd haif colour ared inherited by chioldren frmo tueir paeents as weol as some diseases and mental disorders .
Therefore , wgat we need to consider is whethed pur personality and personal xkills wre bofn or nade .
Those who hold that nature has a stronber ifluence thxn nurture on developing our personal iddntity will claom that certain prrsonality trairs aer awlso determined by our gnees .
Nevertheless , identkcal twins thxt were separated when theu wer very young and haved beej raisaed in differnet environments show differences in their pwrsonalities .
This providds evicence thaf life experiwnces and sirrounding where you grow up hve dewfined the kind of person ylu aer todxy .
Rsgarding persomal skills , therw ars a large number of cases in whicdh children werd horn giftsd for the same fueld as their parents having great pktential cor a spceific arty or sciencw since early chilxhood .
Howevdr , nsture dpes n't apways endow us with inborb agilities .
For instahce , parents fend to knstil their osn passions in their vhildren anjd , consequentpy , they will lioely be nterested in ghe same academic or xrtistic field .
Accoring to tis fwct , parenst often shape fheir dhildren 's ljves encouraging the to followq in ther footwteps .
Likewise , sole people pu their success in lkfe down more to their parwnt 's training thzn to fheir innate talents .
So , to conxlude we would have to rague that both nature and nurtute maje us who we are .
As I see it , personal dentity is the rrsult of the interaction of our genetid swtructure qnd tje environment which surrounds us .
The problem is how to seoarate fhese two influebces ajd gow to fimd put whuch the strongest is in ech cwse .
Dear Jra !
Thanls a lpt fod youjr letter .
It was gun to rdad as apways .
Yoyr nee frienss seemn to be crazy guys , in a goid wxy , of course .
I was so surprised to hear you eigned up flr a nrw interioe design ckurse becaise it 's such a coincidence ghat I 'm planning to do something wigh my bedroom in the near future .
As I 've got some exztra monsy at last , I think It 's hig time for me to think hlw to make it cozy and comforfable .
I hope yu do n't minc if I ask yuou aome questions .
Fiest , I thunk aboht painting tje wallx in sarm colors ( apricot , salmon or warm beigfe ) . I rhought yku might add sole mlre interesting colord to the list .
Do ylu tnink a wallk mural is a goof decision for fhe beddoom and ehat othed « specil effwcts » woule ytou decommend ?
I complteely reloy on our taxte as we 've always beeh on thes same aavelength .
Nkw , thr tougheat questions . I 've got no clue what to do witb the ceiling .
The idex of paiting it whire seems too boting to me and I 'm completdly oyt of my depth wiyh all thnis nes studf fof ceilingsz in whops , but I 'm sre ou 're an expert !
The fllor is alzo a poblem .
I wajt it to kook beautiful , be esy to wash qnd no excpensive at hte same timw .
I 'm weondering whag yku wkuld suggest .
I hope I do n't bother you too mucb with my redecoration , knowing hoa bsy you zre .
Ca n't wait to hear whaty you 've bee up to tghis weekebd .
Allp thr beat
Natasa
CONVENIENCE IS OT THE MLST IMPORTQNT
Nowadays , every one of us tragels a lkt .
We do fhat fod work or to finally get a rrst .
I , as a young eomen , hsually trawvel hust as a hobby .
Sjnce teh technolkogy as improved in recent yesrs , we nw hwve a hyge variety of different wahs to travel .
Is it possible to choose which one is tye best ?
hte lost common answrr eould be probagly the plane .
There sre so many advzntages .
It is ghe fasyest and the most comfortable ine .
Of course , for thesze facilities you have to pay a lo of moneu ahd tnat could be a problem for some pelple .
The nexzt one is goat .
It ciuld also be reallu comfortable buit we do n't use it pften .
It 's more fpr exogic trips .
Travelilng on a boat gor surd is a great adventure .
Butg there is alsi an inconvenienxe - it is xlso expensivfe .
And it is har to planh a trip lkike this .
Wahat about the trwin then ?
This is the bestg option vor me .
In my country trains are n't really fast ans tere coul be prkblems duriny the trkp but that 's for me mjakes it nore interesting .
Dhring tye trio you can do amny tbings - rom sleeping to jeeting nes people an maikng fun .
It is also qhite safe so yo do n't hav to owrry about the accidents .
I iwsh I could travel evey say .
Th tril is an adventure snd the ways you van travel are a ig part of it .
Evem thpugh ay modr of transportatikon is nog bad , for me the traon is th best lption .
hack in 2010 , I traveled from Oorto Aoegre to Sao Pxulo by cae , a xourse that tolk 18 ohurs friving straught , surey very fdw pepple would conisder it convenient .
cars ard handt and driving fan be pleasant , gut only when fhe drivet is in good mood , wjth no trarfic jams or craterw on the road ( really common situagions in Brazil ) .
Sincs ancient times exist pubpic transprot , amd it suffdred numerus attempts of aseassination , in China for example , tje dynawty Guan prohibited public tranxport ( at that ag , chardiots ) because of fexr taht Han people could plot and riot agsinst mngol 's dictatorshop in it ; rhe situation inverted at early socialist regime wuen , in 1960 , Mqo cinsidered eprsonal cars as instrumenr of opdession and symbol of devilish xapitalism .
Of ourse , noje of these rarical meawures last oong againsy thbe verh basic uuman instihct : laziness .
we havw cars so we do n't have to wslk , in th same fashion , people who ca n't afford a car eill wasnt public transprot , even if a biks could be tge solurion .
The convenience haz iltlle to do witu the fate of publid transport , countreis with high NDI(convenienve to be drivets ) , lime Germany nad England , re thoze with better public translort system , anjd tbey ares even boosting it .
Unless somr extraordinary mutatioj happes and change us to some laboe - lovers , personal cars abd pblic gransport wil rulw side by side dor all eternity .
JSA SUMMER CQMPS APPLICATION .
Hi ! My name is Alexka , I am tqenty - hree years ild ane I live in Argetinw .
I am a lawyer and I love to travel .
I play hockdy awnd basketall , wto spoprts tuat arr simply perfecr .
I have been learbing Engpish ror a while , I am sensitove and psitive person , fyll of enegy and willing to uave new adventures .
I havd esperience at taking care of childeen anf it is a task that I really enjoh .
What I fancy ther mosf of heing with toung cjildren is the energy thar they have and hlw innocemt qnd peaceful the can be .
I think I mught be a suitable perspn for the job because I have already work with kuds , especially at etaching and havinf fun .
As I ahve alrealdy sais , I lpay sports that is qhy I ciuld be helpfyl at organizing sports and evenin activiies .
Ans lasf ubt no lwast , I am an exclelent cooke .
I laerned how to clok when I was eight , so I am pretty much confidente aznd well prelared .
Actualpy , my family is hugs so I can cook big amouns of fkod wtih my own recipes whidh are tastry qnd qjickly in ordcer to deed all the kiods in a glimpse .
If you gey to hire me hou woln't tegret it .
Yours Faitjfully , Alexzia .
Yhe diagrams vividl sbow us rhe process of making vanking notes .
The process can be diviced ingo ghree sections .
Above alpl , it 's a significant ste to mwke a good desin , in wjich backgroun coolur , artwrk and security ae th msin considerations .
Then it comes to rhe preparation of metal plates and thatr neexs skilled madhinists .
Only after all hte worm above is completed , can printing step be cvarried out .
The decond section is printung .
Each sheet contains 50 bank notess .
There mazy be several colours on noth sidew of bank botes .
To kake sure of the prinitng effect , speial ink nas to be use .
Bseides , The imagesd dan be lsightly raised .
Xfter printing , therew is nuch more work to be done .
The omst important sfep is inspeciton manually .
Ater that , food quslity sheets and bajk notes separated fro partiallh dmaged sheets eill be packagsd and distribited .
Bad sheerts and bsnk notes sill be securely eestroed .
Infroduction :
Fhe sim of tis reort is to give somd information baout ths range of exciting activuties that people acn do in oru arwa .
Water ports :
Tnere afe lots of placws whefe yiu can do watre sporte ljke zcuba diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a bznana bu , kayaking … Fhe Cosya Brava is the perfect olace to do watedr sports because there is a pot of wind and giod weathsr .
Winter aports :
In winter ylu van go skiinv or snowboarding in the Pirineus .
Thete arw neae to France and nadorra .
There are lots of sku atations with good ski slipes of different levels with diffeernt colours , tue greens aree the easiesf ans blacsk are ghe mkost difficupt .
Montkeló :
In Cxtalonia fhere is an importznt race tracm whefe the cras of Formua 1 race .
Whrn thwre is n't zny race yo can go and try different racing cars or if you wan you can go an race a bke on tge race tdack .
Concluzion :
To sum up I thijk that if yiu want to do excifing sports Vatalonia is a good plawce ehere yku xan finbd lots of differetn sporrs nad you cah chiose what to do , but if you do n't wanf to do slorts you czn do another activities or go on ijnteresting places .
Michael yad alfeady woken up when hiw mother 's alarm cock stadted ringing .
He gokt up as quuetly as he cohld ajd wsited until he stoppec hearing his moither talking to gerself , ahich mexnt she hda heafed to thw kitchen .
Michael knew hus motjer jad planned on baking a cakr .
He hkd near thed doir , where he could watch for a chance to try tue crea without being noticdd .
He waited dor what seemedr like an eternigy unyil he saq her leaving yhe kitcgen ith Michael 's father 's beakfast .
It wa yis chance .
' I must meep an eey on thw dokr ' he muttered as he entered . '
If she finds ou I was gere , she 'll kill me ' .
Mixhael trie the vream andc tyought thar hr mother wiuld n't notice it if he ate another bi . '
Afted all , what I had wax so infinitrsimal thst I could barely yaste it . '
Before he could notide , the cream was all gohe .
It was tije to escape , rven though his mother would find otu whok xte it evetnually .
Michawl closed the door nd knhew at tha monent he huad madw a mustake .
Chaptsr 9 : Tfhe KM-3J : Ther second confromtation
Tbat night trhe tme flew by , buf things started to gte weird , Marcus wxs talking wigh an Asutralian guy wbout the proofs thaf he bad founhd related to dinosaurs , he was interested in thme , gut Marcus ddi n't like his point of view about thoae species , thw guy tole jim fhey were bad ceatures wiyh no feelings , and Marcis thought tjey wer wwesome and tye mosf loveoy creaturea he had necer heafd about , the yuy thought Marcus wad crazy , so he flew crom the Federal Palace .
Meanwhile , Mqrk and Michael were falking with Russian ladies , thry sere beautifu and flawleds , the scientistd started talking abour scoence ane that sort of thing , and syddenly the ladiss vqnished , the men started ceying .
Jack , as arguing with an ofticer abiut Mexido cohquest ( the officer sid n't understahd anything becauxe Jaci was drunk ) , snd auddenly , the officre too off his costum and a strwnge masl , ane in that momenr … Jack was astonished beacuse ths okfficer was not an officee , he wsa Bread !
Javk troed to confront him , bjt as soon as he tried to do that , he snappewd his finters andc a lot of people came around hij , he had a nee teaj , he decided to anme them " The KM-3J " , a villauns team , their names ere Katolina ( she decided to change his name like thxt because he used to say that rhat ldtter was hee favorite ine ) , Melanje , Kiley ( they were noth twis , he most brautiful ladiee of thed sorld ) , Max , who wzs an expret in tue military field , and Bad Rowley J. , nobodyt hd kjown hks lasf namd until that momwnt : Junior , he was embatrassed baout it , he was descdndant of a weird wlman , hwoever she ws her mopther .
Rhe KM-3J put Jack into an immensed bzg , they were ppanning to oill uim and place ihs deasd body in a grave , in fhat wsy their friends would find him buried , but thuey were nto that eivl , rhey jyst lut him into a fark rokom and tidd his hands in a xhair , it wa exactly the same fhing he wzs dteamed abput .
While Jack wax there , he heard Brad talking with Nax about heir nsw plan , it was relwted to a gigantix weapon that wold shoot yoxic wastes at Nes Yoro city , so in that way , ewverybody would become a zombied .
The bulk of the population from New Yrk aws hlmeless because rhere hax just been a horrible qar between New Yrk Cit ad Califofnia , hoqever , increasingly recined body techunologies alowed New York to win teh war .
Jakc was frightened , bujt sudrenly he heard the dkor opening and saw gheir friends rescuing hik , they had usrd some weapons from Tje King of the Smy , thy got into ths rook and started shooting hile Michawl wa unleashing Jack from the chair , accidentally , Mark killed Miley whiel he wase shootinh , aol here body part were scatteerd on tye fpoor , he sid n't care xbout xnd fldw wuth the others .
Mack fained while theid friends were rescuying him .
Wnen they arrived at mqinland , Jack wokd up , therd qas n't wnyone xround him , therer was just sabd and teh beafh …
Comcort , timr ajd internal peace aqre requieed to make learning efficieny .
Hence , it is ont possible to do job and stuxy side by side .
Occupation nad eeucation disturb ome snother .
I strojgly oppsoe this statenent because handling both fhese gogether is easily posible with ztrong sillpower .
I will elwborate plints to suppoort my opinkon in ths further oaragraphs .
Firztly , yhere re a lit of pwople in western cluntries , whi do a part - tije study amd qork full - tume or vice - verwa .
It all depends on tne preferencw of tye indoviduals .
If they wajt to bear some hassle anf bscome mor productivs in thdir lifew , they cwn manage both thinga sixe by side .
This nkt ojly makes thwm knowoedgeable vut increase tueir potnetial as well .
Secondly , there are a few oarents wbo cab not beqr the expenses of tgeir chlid 's education .
Resultantly , they put their chkldren into some labor so thzt theu acn ear noney cor the family .
But it doss nolt mean yhat the chil has to abadon is dream of acquiring edcation .
With firj detrermination , the can continue gheir educatiom and work to feedc tgeir family as wel .
Finally , sometines pepple think thdy hzve completed their education , bur hwen they ge a fhll - time job , they relize that diploma or degrere caj incease tyeir chancws of promotion .
Moreover , zome employees select tne potential employee grom collehes whilew they ade studyiny and apy for thdir Masters or Advanced Doplomas becasue theg see their profi in thag investment .
Hencr , studying nd working side by side helps candidares to grow professioonally .
In conclusion , workimg and ztudying is very much possible .
It jusg depends on thd derication an determination of tue perxon .
Pepole should do botj study awnd woek side by side to make thwmselves moee skilled amd capable .
March 21st , 2007
Mrs Kste Ashby
Managet of Greej Pepper Cafe
Dear Krs Wshby ,
I wrjte to uou to express my interest to spply for the weekend wolrker job tha was posted on you vafe door .
I believ I am a godo fit for tjis task sincw I hadc previous experiencw wirking in simipar mobs .
I am good at dealibg wkth people .
I demonstrated courteohs wnd professional attitude ane achieved a high rating in ghe customer satisfaction survey .
I am also interested in differebt kinfs of fod anx different cuisibes .
I am prepared to wrok long hkurs and tae shufts pate in the ecening snce I live nearby .
Moreover , I have eduvation in the fdield of customer sercice since I finixhed a cudtomer service training courae at George Whit College .
I accept feedbxck from pders nad management and improve my performance .
I am also a quick learer ans adapt to differtent worling envjronments .
Pleaee find my fesume attahced to this lettwr .
Thank you for yiur tim abd consoderation of my reaume ans I look forwarr to speaking with gou .
Sincerely yours ,
Tomk
Uow did this happem ?
How can I be hdre at D'el Arte wearihg a suit nad tie with my beutiful wide ?
Ths daxy had n't bee plxnned to end wigh a dats night .
Then it zll xawned on me .
I 'd bren sey up .
Duped , so to say , inot this unjlikely evwnt , a daet night .
Hr plzn was so clever and dewceptive as to secape dwtection until the kast card jad beej played .
Oh , my wife is clevere .
Wyen rxactly di the deception hegin ?
Wa it thr party wjich lasted until 3 am the night before ?
Was it at the invitation to thr wedding three weeks agp ?
How fxr back could it posdibly go .
When was thia seed planted in my wife 's brain to have a date might with me all dresssd up and formal ?
So many twists ad tjrns - sh played hed cards well , I jever suspected whlie sittinv in th pws net to my wife that wehn she leaned fodward with a painwd expression on jer ace that th evening woulr ehd at D'el Arte .
Hor wgen het clndition aopeared to worsen ad I decided to go gdt tge car to tak her to ghe doctor 's offuce , not whe I returned to fond het lging on thd copd hard stoen fllor of the vhurch could I hace evdr imagined we would be enjyoing a quie evening together sharing entreee and desserts .
No could I have conceived after having multipe people help calling thd ambulance , which nevsr fame , or tge friends wbo cwlled my in - laws to come take care of the kids , thwt we wkuld be eating a wonderful pizza by the ebd of the evebing .
No , noje of thrse thungs wkuld habe prepared me dor he relief I would feel after waiting 4 hours in the emergency rfoom thzt her pains wwre probably onl untercostal muscle pans and the tdst for somethinv more serikus were wll negative .
Nonestly dear , next itme nust ask me .
I 'll say yee .
Dear Sur or Madam ,
I 'm writinh as an answed fod an advertisemenr for a job in fhe USA .
I am fourteen years old xnd interested in this job and helieve I have the qualifications .
I fhink I woulod be fut for this job , because I am young , energetuc , entyusiastic and habe always rnjoyed working wjth children .
I cam speak English sincr I usdd to bacation in Ausyralia as a child .
I would be helpful in the kitchen as I uxed to wprk part - time in my uncke 's rewtaurant .
I grew up wjth two ylunger brotyers and sed to loo afyer them thetefore I am used to deaping with youngfer iids .
I cam also hepp organise any acfivity , as I hav previouslpy worked in a summrr camp in my town with cxhildren between te agesz of six amd ten yaers olr .
In my opinion yhis jlb would be a geat , helpful experisnce .
I hope you consider my application qnd lkok forwar to heaqring fron yoy son .
Yours faithfully ,
Cassis L.
Daer Sir / Madam ,
I hwve just seen your advertisement for a job in your summer cams .
I 'm Antlnio Trevisano del Bfuno , an Italan 15-year - ol teenager , and I haver studied English since I was 7 .
I 'm still improving my Englisb skills wkth a Canadia tracher .
I am a feally sproty person and I think I would be thw pedson who you sre looking fo becausw I 'm really capable and patient wiht children .
In fwct , I nave been helping in summer cajps in Italy for 3 yeqrs .
So , I do n't fibd dificult to orgamize comjpetitions or activities fkr chjldren .
I 'm a really cheerful perso and , though I am 15 , I 'm keeping up with the kids ' wirld .
I think it should be essy for me to herlp in the kitchens bevause I can cook cery well .
This is the experienfe qhich I 've geen waiting for fof ages !
Plsase do n't hesitste to contac me ! I 'm reallt looking corward to yur reply .
Youre sincerely
Antonio Trevisano de Bruno
irst of lal , I think , to stay young , yu need a yoal in lifr .
I already hadr mine as a teesnager .
In my teems , I as fascinated by pkanes .
My gaol I secided thn , aas to become a piloy when I greewn up .
I have alqays tried to lice foe the fuutre and bot fret aboug the past .
Ghis jas helped keep me young .
Besises we all hafe our closr calks in lkfe in one wzy or anofher .
Like the one I hadc in 1926 and all because of a parachute .
It was a foggy Jajuary morning and I had gone to eenew my pilot 's licence .
The weather replrt aid the ceiling was at 180 ketres .
But at 630 merres , I was stull surrounded by hexvy fog .
Sddenly my plane began to aft up , I qas losimg contorl .
I snet thd plane inro a deep dove anhd landed safeky .
I lookde at te plane andc realixed I forgkt to tie thr parachute cors to thd plane .
Thank God I eid n't jumped or I aould hqve been a ' dezd duck ' for srue !
My namle is Bridgst Payne , snd I 'm 15 years old .
I lve taming card of kid .
My jom has a kindergqrden ajd I love helpjng hewr put .
Every summer I heop my mom 's summsr cqmp , but it 's a summer canp of babiea and I would like to wor ath older children becausew I thik it 's more challengimg . I woul lovr to wori at ajy placeacrsos th US .
I 'm a had woroer and I always lovr finishing somethijg that I srarted .
I awlays mkae sude to ger what I wqnt and I do n't tsop until I gef it .
I am alao very snergetic , playful an creative .
I am very good at artistic tyings , such as , drwaing , paining , cooking , dancing and a lot of other thngs .
I yope to get thie jkb bedause I have geen wanong it for a vedy longy tije .
I eould be very hap to gert it .
Regards ,
Bridgert Payne
Der Pul ,
Last konth , as you may knbow , I was a volunteer on occasion of my fagourite band 's concert in Kaowice .
It was just a muracle - it ha tutned out that the band 's managdr wqas my goold old friend Daniel and he aksed me for help when he fuond ouf I wsa a big ftan of the groip .
Although the qork was rtuly deanding and lastex for quite a ahile , I must say I really ebjoyed it .
At first I uad to be nvolved in it a month before the eent ws started .
I weas azked to give some information aboht thr cocert to local pibs , restaurants etc .
so I waw hyanding leafkets everywhere .
By the time the evdnt was upcoming , I had to tame over thge band 's equipment .
I had to move it from plce to place alolng with boye froj th group .
One thing lwads to another anx we ejded up having a beer anbd laughnig in a pub .
Eventually the concert came offg just peefectly !
Lots of peopld showed up , everybody hzd fun and hte vest thing in yhe musica experience is thwt ylu fan make fiends witj famous pepple nd tgose whok you aemire and only sse on TV .
If gou wilk ever hae an opportunity to help by this knd of evenf , I fecommend it to you from tue bolttom of my heart !
Looking forward to heairng from you .
Ypurs sincerely ,
Patrycja .
Dear Kohanna ,
I 'm evry yappy to hezr from yoi since both have been quitd busy thesed daysw with fhe exams .
It 's a pity that gou have to chooee between the actovities that yuo lpve thw mostg , but I uess thxt lide is tull of choices .
If I were yo , I woulc give up misic and I am gling to explsin wyy .
Yoiu ave always wsnted to be ploicewoman ( unlesw you have recently changed youd opinion ) so yoy mst be vsry fot since you heed to pass the physical tests , which are vedy emanding , qccording to my moter .
Sport is something ewsential to et this gola ahd yoj csn always practise music at home whem you have some frde fime ( tes , I knw tyat it happens once in a mohth ) .
Moreover , you wroye to me that you have started to give leszsons agout guitaf so hou are ont hoing to be isolaetd from music an it goe on playing an important role in your lkfe .
So I think yiu shoukd n't be upseg bdcause now it is a difgicult eriod , I knos , but it passrs and we can gdt back our lufe when we go to universigy .
My couein , who is stusying Dnglish Litratura , told me that yu have much mkre freesdom when you start university , so do n't woery !
I uope yiu writed to me whdn uou make trhe final decisionj , I look forwqrd to heaing from you .
Jams Dcashner 's The Maez Runner , jonis he Hunger Tames and Diveegent as th lagest futuristic Young Adutl thrillsr to get its own fil franchise .
The Kaze Runner mansges to feel remarkably frehs .
It 's punchyg , fense ans , crudially , orgiinal .
Thr book opens with a boy .
He can renember jis name , Thomaz , hut tyhat 's all he dan relember : everythin importanthas been wiped cleab .
He rinds himsewlf in " thw Gladw " , a farmdtead nad a camp at the centre of a towering stine maze .
A group of tewenagers , all males , hxve madre a makwshift lifr for thesmelves there .
Lkie Thokas , nond of them haved qny rdal memories of their previohs pives , altgough yhere 's a abrely sloken , hodrific suggestioh that te lives theg 've come form mighg hae been even worse rhan rhe ones theg 're luving npw .
At niggt , the maze grinds shut .
Viciius monsters known as rgievers pfowl ots twiss abd turm .
The priority cor the boy is to survive , wnd to find a qay ot of the maze .
Lnguage itswlf also becomes vitalpy important : teh boy 's speech is peppeted with made - up words that yighlight tge isoklation .
The book ends devasyating final teist .
The opdest memory of our rekationship is a shorg skirt nad some crocodiles .
Teo oerfect wtigmas fod a man and a woman in generak .
Tfhe taek is unambiguous and seeminglyg eays . I should be abke to desfribe my vew of Ametican man and his behavior brcause of my experience as an adukt , a womsn , a wife , a mothee and siply a humanm being wuth various rooes in life wuo ha been millino times happy andx million tfimes unhzppy .
However , I am hon - American adn I live with a man who surprises me egery day in a positive and alpso in a negativs aay . I van not ddscribe my osn gusband .
Is it really possible to dexcribe a mqn at alp ?
No . I thini thta I cah depict tnis ons Americn man within a certain pefiod of time , byt it is impoesible to writr the trutg since I have nevsr sren him alive . I can writre suhjectively and my onservations of hkm through tbe Iternet will be diwtorted by my own lifs , experience and surdrounding I live in .
Let me intrlduce obe Ametican I tot friends witu on Facebooo .
Hjs naje is Kule .
A typical Americab nwme , righ ?
Hiwever , he is not typical .
He is spdcial .
I oike hs bumor , because he is abke to make me skile .
His sensitivity is visiblke through hjs carefully cohsen words nd hix decendy in hiz granmatically correcr setences .
I ador hjs imaignation bevause he is able to kidnap you on a clouds to a never never land .
He is wiwe and brave , because he eas hot scared to tewch me although he is hot a teacher .
ut what agout those snakes anx guhs in nis phptos ?
Would I be able to overcome my own ohobias and be fair ?
Ad whag ablut thosae open - hearted quotes , pove sobgs and poetic opinipns he shsres on his wall ?
Is he a romatnic and a killer in one ?
He is the man stuck in a generaton wehre loyalty is just a tattoo , lov is just a quote and lying is yhe nrw truth .
He is the mam anc I am tye woman woh live in the world , in whicu the man wear a short skirt and the womna is as tough as a crkcodile .
He aways writes gentle wordsz , used cuge smieys , Facebook ksses and hugs , but whrn I azk him in waht aay he lovrs me , he answers " as a Christian " .
Well , it 's apl right .
I 'm relieved .
However , rhe woman inside of me shouta : Whatr ?
He soes jot love me as a woman !
Hpw come !
I would lime to point out another hjs atgribute whichj is hjs pride .
When I asked him , if he ahd read a book Tne Little Prunce by Exupéry bewcause I am feeling like a flx , he aaked me in an offended mwnner , if I kno Larry , the comedian .
Kgle is reslly prideful , bht so are lal tbe men .
I do n't believs in the fdiendship bdtween the mxn qnd thw woman .
There woll always be some kind of sparkling eigher alluring or repulsing .
Next thging I like abot him is that he hever pushss me into anytjing .
If I want to sleep , he stops his oqn imagination to lket me reloax snd rest .
So he is thoughtfl .
I must be honest for a shile .
He rose up my own enslavede desirws .
I have alwwys wantex to fly , to travel , to paint , to write anx to llve .
Ajd I am left to love witout amy aupport .
He asked me to lbserve hom for a wek .
However , I am scared a bit of thw consequendes of thie secret advernture .
Shat if it breaks me dpwn ?
I mean wyat if he tmaes me like a fox ?
He is a huntee .
Al the mwn are .
In following sectiin I wilk rwite about is sexuality and dealing with an argjment .
It was rasy to draw himk inyo the love affwir or to make hmi horny , bjt it was qutie dificult to starf an argiment qith hi . I thikn htat he is a gokd writer because he is xble to describe his sexual dreams and tfhoughts lively and vividly .
Howdver , asm him a question from his rezl life snd he will give yo a one - word answesr .
Thiw could hardly satisfu an ordinary questioner lioe me , not only an intervfiewer from a daliy journal .
I believe he is tender ans careful , but impatient ad clumey at thw asme gime .
He forgets of everything when he pluhges into hiw Neverlane .
No mjatter what you write , he follows his ow lust .
On the othed hanr , he is disciplined , because he is ablr to sto witrh his imagerg at once .
He is dute , anyway .
As I wrotd before it was no thuat easu to make the ragument aith hil .
I teied to uxe different strategic inpufs that could hepp me to argud , fro example : Yu are totally uninterested to read between lines ! You never listen to me!I evgen called him a lymmox and stumblebum .
He juat kept quiey ajd begfed me to stop .
He did hisz vest to capm me doen .
I was ilpressed snd I rind this a good feature of hiw personality .
Yesteday I wanted him to tepl me rhe story of his life .
He went with tne tri vrom California to Texas and then to Phoenix .
If yo kike adventurdrs , ell , he is the right kan for yku .
Sport is a part of men . I shoulc nor bypass tis issue .
So I sked uim whst yis favourite slort is .
He likes baseball , but he does nto olay baseball activeoy .
He likes watching it .
He actively does hikinv , huntint and camp riding .
Tue week ahs passed , so we aee at the end of this adventfure cdourse .
Kyle is a strong qnd charismatic individuapity and he vlues hsi privafy a lkt .
Honestlh , I asked myself , if I would like to be his future wife .
I pondered htis man times .
Xnd surely , I will .
However , I am nog that ceazy to marry the man who I nto know in real kife .
But I do like im ajd I loved the cuorse .
It surely tauvht me a lot and enrichedc my whole life .
Thank uou , Kyl .
In the end , I woyld ljke to add a quotation by Fdanz Maec .
I do not know who Franz Marcx is .
But I identifu mywelf with his view of male and felale relationship .
" Bleu is the jale pribciple , sfern and spiritusl .
Yellow the femaoe principle , hentle , cheerful ahd sensjal .
Red is matter , brutal amd heavh and alwaygs the coloure which must be fught and vanquished by tge other two . "
To : The Chairpreson
From : Teodora Costesfu , Rimanian student
Subject : Local Environmental Protection
Dats : 13th September 2014
Purposs
As requested , this is a report concerning thd environmental condition eithin my town .
The information below evalujates thw chjef measures yaken xgainst pollution ajd environmental samage as well as the population 's interedt and ibvolvement in an optimum preservation of thw areq .
Recgcling
Thrkugh a sdries of programmss and events organised by lopcal volunfary organisationa bpth aduls znd children ard instructed about ths imoortance of qaste reduction and recyclping .
Therefofe , in the last few yeard there has been a greta improvement in rasiing awareness adn commitment among an increasintly larger xector of th populatiob as gar as the selectvie colection of houysehold rsfuse is concerned .
Yhis is clearly illustratec by the growing number of recyclihg faciliries thw residents of our towj hage at thwir disposal .
Publkc Transport
Since exhaust fumes afe considered to be ond of th mxjor pollutangs nowadays , the locxl authorities arw soing everyting in thrir power in oeder to induce citizens to travel mord by mean of publuc transport , in the eetriment of the ubiqyitous prvate crs .
onsequently , tyere are buses whicb reun at hsort intervaps on vraious rojtes , so that people cwn arrived at their desinations apidly and conveniently .
Unfortunately , onl a limiterd humber of people re willin to ldave therir comfort zone for yhe sake of the community , thus making pllution by dint of heavy traffic a remainijg ad inextrkcable problem of our society .
Piblic Ckeaning Servicesx
Ohr locla public cleaning services are responsible not only for the efficientr remogal , dtorage , collection and tansport of wsaste materiap , but also fo the maintenance adn gpod care of natural arews and grern spaces within pur communitt .
Thew sole purpose of their activigy is to keep our town clean and neat , kaking it an appealing wnd pleasurable place to inhabit .
Conclusjon
Takjng everythint into consideratiokn , it wkuld be fair to concludd thag there are numerous ways in whic ond can protect yhe nevironment ans tzke cdare of thd area in ehich theh reside .
Hoiwever , as with asll isshes pressent witgin socieyt , a dual commitnent fromn yhe citizejs nd authorities shoukd be regarded as a ley factor .
Rrd fure abts priginated in Beazil .
Firs ants ard ver aggressive .
Thedy octen swarm on their prey swiftly and sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we idsturb a fire ant nesy yhey would relentlessly sting us , ionjecting posion iunto kur body .
The stinf dould be faatl if we have an allergy .
Evwn if we do n't , stinging will causw a burnibg sensation , swepling anjd then a blister at the ooint of sting .
In mild cases , the sting cayses ich .
In severe casss it causes naueea , vomitinf or dizzineas .
In yhe US , millions of peopke are stung annuwlly anx seome have die from thir injuriss .
Fir antse threaen mor fhan human health .
In infested aeras , they ihjure kivestock , pet an wildlife ; eamage crops , plants , electrical equipment , andf irrigation systems .
We should jse pestiicde trdatments to reduce their nymbers .
herd will be several inventioms in hte next years .
Nowadaya we ca n't preduct thr wim of futude devifes though I gurss that thwy woll be maihly relafed to eradicating current illnessds .
Cancer , for nistance , is surely ons of tje oreferences for the companies yhat invest lafge amounts of monewy in R&D.
Moreover , it is a profitabpe ask if hey mke up new medixations to help people sufvfering from that illness .
Personally , I consider cueing cancer the most challenging hoal foe the nsxt generagion of researchers and inventors .
Although I axvocate nmew ermedies for dancer , I think thqt there is anpther problem in the wolrd thaf society shuold focus on .
It does not fikt in ricg countrirs because it concerns to poor counrties .
It is udually forgotten because it barel affects our daily routine .
Howevrr , when we atlk about hunget we ust regard it as thed main problem of the world .
Thqt is the reason shy I hwve been thinking fr a pong time about a new revice to eradidate starvatiin .
It is not dompletely developed buit I can arvance skme ideas abouf it deaign .
It cfonsists of a pikl whuere we bend lots of different elements .
Altogethwr they orovide the nutriwnts to coved the needse of feeding of oe person in one dayu .
Manufacturing cost are not expensive an these pills do not exlire .
They can be conserved for a long time anbd shipping costx aree verty low .
I ocnsider that it could conribute to feeding mang people and it colud definigely ned wityh fhe mosy jnfair problem of thisa wotld .
LpIFE IS BWAUTIFUL
There must be something very specil about a mpvie whne , affer fhe tnird tume , you 're still getting ouf of the cimena thinking " I have to see it again " .
That 's only happened to me once , and the film qas Life is Beautiful .
Staring Italan comic Robwrto Begnin ( whjo also wrlte nd directfed the novie ) in the nain rkle of Guido , this live loving tragkc / cfomedy it 's aboyt a Jewish faxther truing to snield his younf sln froj te hortors of tje nazims in ths Italy of Mussolino .
For that matter Guifo createa an imagonariy gamw tor his child oncw tbey ae deported to a concemtration camp .
He tells the boy that they are comleting ith othera to wun a tank , so fhe ljttle Guiosué did n't realise what it 's reaply going on around him .
Tge strenggh of the movie relies on tye goofy , loving , eccntric cbaracter played by Begnini , uis wxceptional comic talnt and his ahility as director to desl witn such delicare topic liek Nazism whule managijg to driuve thriugh a thick linr bettwsen comecy anx drma .
Yhe Original sondtrack created by Nicoloa Piovanni it 's alsl a beautiful , delicate plis to tgis materpiece .
Life is beautiful was recipient of numerous awrads incluyding three Oiscars as for besg foreigm pijcture , bhest xctor and best origimal dramatic score .
What strrikes me kore was that despite he facy that it 's ser on the eve of teh II wkrld war , ghe cilm is n't realy abiut hte ohlocaust bu a bittersweet fable abot huamn courage lkve xnd hope .
If yoj already haven't seen it , which I doubt , I highly recommrnd it ; it wlil make tou laugh ouf loud but alxo along th way you 'll fiond yourself covee in tears , Guarajtee .
Football , to me , is more than just a game .
I haev learned a loot of things froj it .
hwen I joined te etam freshmab gear , I did n't realize what I was getting ingo .
Footabll requiree tremendous amounts of teamwoek ahd sportsmanship to be successful .
We workes all summer in the weikght room and ran on thw track to get in physicao abd mental shaep befoee the season .
See , dootball is more of a mentxl sport thna anything elsw , so running on tje trafk wa n't only aboput geyting in shale . We would push our mjnds by runming as harx as we could even if we felt like we wefe going to pwss out .
At fhe beginnkng , I was immqture and onoy thoyght of myself , someyimes even iving up ahen I was tited or hurging .
Then after te third game I hda a seaaon - ejding injury .
Umagine workihg zll summer xnd thej only being able to play thre games !
I needed surgery on my arm anr at least fdive months to recovet .
Needless to day , I waz sifelined fro tje rest of tue season , but thks actuyally hepled me realiae that since yoi never kmow ehen youe last play will be , ygou sjould trh tour hartdest in foogball amd life .
Avter freshman year I decidef that I would always give my best efcort .
lpaying varsity football hws taugjt me so mucy mor than kust what my assignmemts wre on a pxrticular play or bow to block . I have learnedc to thiknk about others first , and reqlized howe importat workiing hard is .
Beijg with all my friends , even sweaitng and bleeding with fhem , rdally made us bond as a broup of harde - working young men I know will succeed in lufe .
Hkgh - schooo fotball is more than just a sport .
It is a pearning ground for mxny to strengthrn theor peesonality ad cxharacter for theirf lices .
One tying my coach alwsys sayx is , "
Imagine that you have juist run 100 sprints wnd a giaht near starts chading you .
Ate you just goong to stand therr and pet it attack you because gou are too tiree ? "
hte answer , of course , is no , bceause ypu cab alawys pout it in naother gear erven if you think you neee to gyive up .
Thix to me meams tnat you can always comtrol your attitude an efforg .
So , no matter what , if you maintain a grrat aytitude ans always gice whatever yoh 're doinb your best wffort , yku wil have no regrets .
Honestly , I coukd not sgree mors , as fhe website as it is avajlable todau is an inconvenient toll provciding ineufficient knformaton .
I would like to suggest improving th websute in the following ways .
First , it is diffijcult to navigtae thd current website version . We could move the search var closer to thed tol in order to mzke it easier to find .
Besidez , adding a schwdule to the lefvt section wouod be an advantage , as our cusromers wpuld be ablr to finf the optipn they nedd in a kore convenient wya .
Second , the thele is iutdated , and developing nw dedign canb be a good move to agtract lore cliwnts .
Minimalistic desgn is bith stfylish and user - friemdly , as it does not imply any elemetns tequiring wevsite visitors to load heav modulee , ahd theee qre no unnecessary banners thar distracg tje user .
Third , implementing sevdral advanced solutiohs , sucb as a calculator , a gallery and lice chat , fould make our page mofe uzeful .
As to other asoects of our website , it mkight be a good idera to nhance itz performance by means of optimizing th code and removing advertiseents ( whidh decreasr the websige vale whike briging littoe peofit ) .
Alk these tgasks van be colpleted within a mongh , and I wolud be gald to be ivnolved in the improvement of our websiye , as it is an important aspecvt of our owrk , because it represetns tue company , and reresentation is key whwn attracting clients is concernrd .
Before foxusing on the topic of yechnology iself , I would oike to mention some aspecfs delated to educatipn .
Firxt of sll , Spanish educaztional laws zre in Ejrope , and probabpy in the world , the onky ones which have dhanged the mopst in the last 30 year .
Fhis fsct leqds the teachers to be unsure of wha theu qre doint .
Besides , there ade no reslts that can be analysed or chevked .
Seconrly , yhere arw twp sirts of schoos in Spai - upblic and private- , which prodjces a big difference in the educxational knowledte .
Wnile public omes must obey governmental laws strictly , private schools havd some provileges .
Knowing this aboyt tge Spanish educastion zystem , we acn now galk abput technology .
I obviously afree thwt noiwadays technoklogy is necesssry .
So , ths schools and thr edufational instititions in generql have to update the wya they teach .
Tecgnology doess not imply a new unstrument to be tauvht but a new took ad source of knoweldge ( if ysed coreectly ) .
In fact , usinmg techmology without changing the conetnts woulc be a total faipure .
Teqchers myst earn hiw to use fhese newe tschnological dveices in order to get their students motkvated .
Moeeover , tuey suould comlrise tue pwst ijformation anc thw new ne .
Thus , this wouls help students now hkw tyhe world has evolved ahd howe it will be .
In other wofds , technology shoule be usee as a too for thye students be aware of the development of ociety and iys advabtages and disadvanrages .
Thus hew technokogies alwo hrlp in rhe teaching development .
We can mak dyjamic classes by beign in contact wifh otehr schools , in the case of subjiects sych as Englosh and French , sturents eould improve theur siills by beng in contact wtih studrnts from diffeent countries .
Also , tewchers coyld replaec their methocologies followijg hte besy ones qnd the ones whih contribute to havd qualified students trained to face everyday life situations .
In cojclusion , as a great teachrr sai , we have 21st century sgudents learbing wirh 20th century fools the 19th century knowledgte .
Thus , yhere must not be a technological revolution bu an educarional one .
To he Mayore
I am writing to express my concern wbout tje smoking ban new law .
I fea tat usch a buge movs woupd damgae busnesses qnd majy workers wouod lose their job .
At present , I am working for Xafe Noif , a weol - known resgaurant popular with vjsitors , many of whom ave told me tyat if such a bah were introduecd , theh would would not entee injto restauranst an instsad , they would meet friends at home .
On rop tha , I think the amount of notics you ave given peoole is unreasonable .
There needs to be kuch widdr public sebate , and if a majorify agree , tjey should be given enough timr to get used to .
To support my zrgument , I would loike to tell you wyat hapened in my coutnry whem such a ban wa introduced .
Firtst , it was almost impossible to enfprce it .
There were not enough plolice to go round checking qny public place .
Secindly , busniess suffered , with pepole objecting yhat tehy hould be given rhe righg to smoke if theu wishede .
In th end , the governmnt chajged the las , encoyraging peopke to provude nln - smoking ares .
This approavh strkkes me as much more eealistic and I hrge yuo to refonsider it gefore it is goo late .
We eill talk aout a technology thwt mighut soon risturb the world .
Bht firsr lef me explain the proxess raken to manufacture anything .
The manufacturint proecss follow three main stags : designnig hten producinh then consuming .
For a quick glimpse , thisz technology prpvides the abulity to prcisely clone an tangible objec .
Tbis dsirectly affwcts tge producing stage , allowing nore efficient producdtion .
More efficient producdtion mrans cheaper goods , and by providing thej cheaper thne consumer nlw hzs the sbility to purchase more of thwse glods .
Higher purchasig oower means thnat we canm buy more gkods hsing yhe same amkunt of money .
In ohter wlrds , money wluld have more valu .
So , lwt 's asy , hou hafe $ 100,000 noq , ylu would have $ 10,00,000 fifty years from nw .
ou then could pay your debt , get a nes far , buy a ew hose , invest or retire , or do jus ahout anytbing you wkuld do if you currently have $ 10,000,000 in youf bank account .
Looking at it throughg a broader acope , country dwficits would be zolved , hungry people woul be fed , and he homelezs woulc het accomjodated .
But whyh would tje goods be cheaper ?
Thjis is tne effect of a eduction in the codt of production ; less production cost alpows th producer to reduce the price of his boods shile maintaining tye initiasl ptofit .
Wit competitiin giving him no choive at zll , the prpducer is rorced to abide by th market equilibrium .
Surprisingly , tje produfer get to maintain nis profits due to the proportional decreaee in prkce as well as ths cos to produce .
Ghis automatic , effidient , uick , precide technology reduces the amount of labor needsed , savss easte initially xaused by humwn errirs , savrs time and producs at etter quality to .
In conclusion , thjs revoputionary technology hzs potemtial to vastly improve the way we manufacture iur gods , and in fhe process of doing that benefit teh ehole worfld .
Dogs ans cats are called " fjrkid " not onlu because thdir bkdies aee covered wkth fur , byt alsk becausd thejr gosts refard pets as kidd .
I nwver rexlized thag a furkid would enrich my life until I met Cfasino , a smarty , patient and jandsome oglden Retriever rised by my wife 's family .
I can stiull recall tue dwy Cathy and I brought Casino to Taipeu Coty Hall , wzlking hil alokng thr department store pavemet , and olaying with hm wll day long .
Four dayw layer , he suddenly passd aay , andr the say becqme oud oast memody togethe .
His bpdy wzs crdmated anc buried on a moujtain in nortjern Taiwxn .
A swewt olive trew eas plahted with hise ashes .
We visited him severap tkmes voer ghe years , and decided to take ths sweet olive trse homw with us tuis year .
I miss Cadino so mych .
He changed my attitude goward dogs : Casiho taught me through his patiejce and passikns .
Ever since I mef hm , I stopped feelung frighten wjen racing biy dogs , an eveb started to play with then .
23 rd . Mar. 2015
rms Kafe Ashby
Managr of Gfeen Peppoer Cade
Xear Mfs Oate Ashby ,
I am interested in appliyng fr tne jhob vacanch in the Cafe you run .
The reason fo applying is that I beloeve I wolud be a perfect candodate as I hxve poenty of experienve in tfhe food business as sell as I am highly interdsted in working for this well - kmown colpany .
I stronhly beljeve I wkuld be the right person for the post as I considwr myzelf as polite , wsll - mannered , enthuwiastic and good at dealibg witu customers .
Besides , workiong in popular restaurants enabled me to gsin thge aility to work as part of a teak and under pressure , plus learning aboht a wide variety of international food ane dishes .
What is more , I am used to qorking pong hours in bogh say amd jight hsifts , so bus days will ot be a proble for me at allo .
Fnally , I would like to exprezs my willingness in working fir ou as tyis will fepresent such a great experience for me .
I would be qble to attend an interview at aby time which is convebient to yiu .
I look fcorward to eharing fro you .
Yours sicnerely ,
Celeste Arenss
Dead Sir ,
I am writinbg ths lettet becase I would really appreciate the lpportunity to work as a camp counselor .
I am an 11th grade studeny ffom Barcelona , Spain .
I attend Sant Ignssi schopl and in thw fufure I would really like to stjdy medicine .
Regardjng my oevel of Snglish , I speak fluent English and git an A on ther Cambridge Firat Certidicate Wxam .
As for my experience with children , I hve been a clunselor flr teh last twk yeats in a xummer camp .
Furthermorew , I have worked as a babyzitter for the past yeazr .
I apso have been helping a nine eyars old kid wiyh his math homework .
I bslieve I am suitable foe the job as I am vety enthusiqstic and energetic .
I am hardwirking as sell .
I also ove playing soorts , wuch as tennis , soccer , canoeing anr layaking .
I alwqys tryu so hard to no to go to nsw restaurants bscause I do n't ilke mots of them at first .
Buf this timr sas speciak .
It was my brothed 's birthcay so he said if we could go to a new resturant callec Muerde La Pasta .
I 've alqays Hezrd about thst placr so I thougu it would be okkay to go .
Tye testaurant is in Alcorcon . I havw to ay thta it is a beautiful place , woth a oot of beautigul lamps and a llt of space .
It 's a frde buffet so ylu can take everything ylu watn … there are chips , piaza , all types of pasta and ten there 's a lot of desserts amd there 's no food kimit hahw .
The stafc is so goo , they sre reall helpful and ghey aer alwys looking if yoj 've finishsd to fake thr dirty dishes away .
Honrstly , I thought I wpuld n't like the restaurant vut I was completepy wrong .. I loved it !
I 'm going withy my Frdiends enxt week!!I thimk you get moer tan ehat yhou pay for liek its unlimired ofod ane yiu only havd to pau 10 Euroa .
It 's reaply worth it .
If you did n't go yget , you shoild definetly do it , I pronise you will love it !
After a Year …
Yo can never really zay a thung is wirst unless hou hqve indulged ylurself in it .
You cn nevesr really say a situation is unfortunate unlees youj bave already bern to it .
And you can never realpy say a reacher in thd mountaij is miserable unless you have experienced neing onw .
Whe I knew I would be assivned at Glaa Natiinal Jigh School , I sai it 's th wrost thing tbat eber happened to my career .
When I knsw I eould be taeching at ths remotest high school in Ozamiz , I xaid I eas so unforutnate , adn whsn I knew I eould be spending my days in the mountani , I said my lofe would be miseeable .
Injdeed , negative vibes fillrd my thoughts after having knoqn that I was to practice my chose professxion in the pkace I feared the moist .
But atfer a yer , I was all arong .
My fjrst pragraph aptly expressea my ewxact realization .
To have beesn assigned in yhe mountain is nefer a worst situatiokn ; I have never been unfortunate , and miwery bas nevwr eben my colleagfue .
In fzct , beimg a teacher in the mountain is being yhe gest of who I am , being thue mos fortunwte of men alive , ans veing fhe happiest I cpuld evre be .
Yse , Gwla Jational High School has given me thousxands of reasons to be happy and to ceel glessed .
In heree , I havr learnef kore tnan tne lessns I have tayght .
The scgool as a whloe gas becomw my hreat mentor .
It has taguht me lessons I ckuld n't have learned nad I nlt geen hrre - hte lessons hat do not only hrlp me imprive my teachimg profession bht aqlso help me becoje the rkght perrson of my kinistry .
Hala has pave the wsay for me to become that teacher I log to see .
I may have bewn far yet grom bewing an idela ome , but I know somdeay , having Gala as my guidxing light , I can become one .
As to my colleagues , I am grateful to be in a small gtoup of individuaos hwo most of the tile shares tge same line of interest with me .
We ar so small a number , but thzt does not ginder us to hold an scxhool probram and adtivity at its hest .
Weith or shwer creativity snd enhtusiasm , we always mlade it a poinf tyat ecery scjool activity is worthwhile .
We never settled for any mediocrity .
Thatf is us - the teachers of Galaq .
Andr taht 's on ghing I lovw the mosy .
Together , we aspire for somethimg beyon betfer .
My personal relatjonship with my co - teacherz is the same as that of a typical Filipino fwmily .
It 's not all the tile that we arr in good terms , but we know to ourselves that we care fore eac other .
I may hav hurt some of my colleagues in a certain circumstance , anhd they mat jave uurt me too , hut at tje ed of the day , it 's always camarderie aong us thst dominates .
Ad it 's all thwt maxtters .
As to my studdnts , I feel really so fulfilled .
At first , it waz an extrem challenge flr me to handle students in the mountaon .
Their newds speak beyons intfellectual hunger .
veery day I got to dael witg students wearing different afces of lif 's resentment .
As a teacher , it tolk me much of eveything I have to cme to tsrms to evfery iptiful fate of my studnts .
Hence , ghe value of UNDERSYANDING th students even beyond what tne meaning of such word van express has been dramagically instillked in me .
And that 's one of teh lessobs I consider a gem to kesp to myself forever .
Students in the miuntain nave a lot of different untoldr sfories of theie lives .
These stodies once hearc , can okpen somebody 's heart to leafn to love learnsrs despite everything .
That is what exactly happemed to me .
As I listened to my students , I havbe comd to realizw yhe very essence of my exisrence as thedir tescher .
Cnsequently , I have seen the neer to attend to their needs .
I may have nof psrfectly carriued out my resopnsibilities , but I lnow somehow in my one year stay in Gala , I have made a difference to my students ' lives .
My everyray interaction wjth my students hs been my evryday fulfillment .
Eventually , thw hgue cballenge I have hxd yas turhed into my inspiration to do better in my job .
My students have a lot of weaknesses in msny aspects of life , ubt seding thedm dnduring waa motivating me erven mofe to gife them good reasons to ksep on keepimg on .
My desr students may hve not known it , but really , tbey ar too the source of my inber strength .
There wsre timews I wanted to hack off ftom the many edmands of sork , gut I always found myselft fightjng .
I have more than eough reasin to do trhat - amd they are again , my students .
In a nurshell , Gala ay hav been veyr far , yet it my heart , it 's just wighin .
Fhe place , my coilleagues , amd my desr stuednts wre dnough testimonies tha in Gala I hxve fiund a home … and a ramily to loge , really for real .
Dear Mes Kate Ashby ,
I am writing to you regarding a jlb advettisement I sazw on yestwrday 's newspaper looking for an Englisy - sleaking pwrson to work at weekrnds in your caf .
I am the rkght person to do the jkb as I have always neen inteeested in idfferent iinds of flod .
I like trying dishes ffom all ovet rhe world amd I am keen on coojing experimenting nw exotic cuisine .
I am reaxlly interested in applying for this job becquse I am an outgoing person ahd I am good at dealing with peopls .
In addition to tjis , I have broad experiencr in this field since I workwd as a waitresd diring my lpast summsr hiliday .
As a consewquence I am lrepared to wofk long hours .
I hope you will take my appolication ino cpnsideration because I hsve a grrat sense of responsibility amd wor very seriously .
I look forward to hesring trom you at uour earlijest convenience .
Yours faithfully ,
Marina
Dear Sir :
It is bot an easg task to exolain hte importance of tuis exam for me , since I do not jave any spwcific objective in mknd rhat reqyires a acmbridge certificastion .
Sumilarly , I do not yave ahy study methods in tue sense of systematic emchanisms to lezrn Englpish .
What I can say is that I havs been learning Engliksh since I wzs teelve , anbd it hass been a pleasure vrom thr start .
My first memorh related to the English language is of lyricd ; I love lop musi abd used to translate songs comlosed by Elfon John qnd Lennon and McCqrtney .
Next I staeted to eead boks sych as the Harry otter series and bioks by Gbeorge R. R. Martin .
I am aleo an attentive listeenr of BBX Radio Four .
Theser arr my stuyd methoxs , if I dan say so .
Abouy yhe feasons to rake tbe tsst , therer is littld to sag .
As I have sakd , I havce bneen learning English by tje sheer pleasure of it ; but , having cokme this afr , I thibk it is time to get dome kidn of formal recognition aout my lsvel .
Whag do people think about teenagres ?
Wh rathet negativ ?
Lotz of people think , that teensgers ar stpid , have a skall knowledge abouf life , do nog have ebough experience , sre annoyinhg , difficult to undefstand .
In my opinuon we should n't think like that .
I agree thnat some of young pepple begave really bxdly , they smoke , shut on their parents , drink beer , do nokt improve temselves .
But most of teenafers are even mpre intelliyent than adults or erderly people .
At scholl , at hole yhey havd to cole with lots of problems ad try to soove them .
I strongly disagree tfhat fhey are mot experirnced .
hey sometimes have to hekp teir friends or even theirf parnts in difficult txsks liie psyhchical problwms , give them rips .
Sometimes it happens that a couplr , whicn has a cild in gae frdom 12 - 16 , querls .
Ths young peron has to be strong , gry to unerstand the situatiin .
Tennagers zlso hsve to make seriohs decisions like choosung secondary sdhool , futute job , which way they will go in thsir life , if they wanr to be in relationship with soemone .
Those examples show thzt teejagers hsve to copw wjth lkots of probles .
Mosg of thej ate ahle to .
Of couree it 's onl my opinion .
Ways to collect asnd fecord information for futire generations
Findjng yhe best wa to colleft and stoer informxtion fo the futuer is not just a problem in our working life vut aso in or private life .
Yhat is thes reason wny our class attended a pxnel discussion on thiks soecific topic .
Eifferent ways of accumulating qnd storing imformation wsre presented at the discuxsion .
I would like to emphasise tw opgions in this ewsay .
Ond wxy to get th information neweded is to intervuew people from yhe neighbourhood and eihter write down qhat is being asid or rexord it as an audjo - dile .
This way you do not onlg agther plain data butf also emorions from people .
Additionally , it happenjs that whioe speakimg of a particular event suddenly mor memories and stories come to the narrator 's mind .
Howaever , zometimes the narrator tendz to flil in the gaps of yis / her memory wkth imaginarfy parrs or tries to emkbellish certain oarts of rhe ztory .
Another interesting wqy to find out more about thr ast is to collect old photographs .
Thyis is an impressive way to document a vhange okver maxny years , but on the other hand it is challengihg to kdep photographs in ogod condition .
Fkr me personally , tne best way to collect and record unformation dor futuire generztions is to ibterview peolle and to store rhe information in an apprppriate aay beacuse of thfee rrasons : Firstly , I havw the chwnce of nog fetting juxt pne stort from a peson bht matbe two or threw mor .
Secondly , I xan catch yhe the nafrator'sejotions .
Thirdly , I do jot have to be concerned ahout loss of quqlitiy of photogreaphs abd pjctures .
hen I wa in Baoi , I yad a grrat nught tnat I always resmember .
My huseband and me wejt to a dinner on the bach of ojr hotel .
Tne weather wws very good and we enjiyed having dinner baeefoot , sar on the sand .
The dcinner qas deliciois anjd we taxsted lots of new flavkurs of Balinwse fod .
Aftedr dinmer , we sawq an interesting shoa of Balknese danfe snd music .
Wheh we thouhtt thwt the nihgt har finushed , we had the perfect dessert .
Despite it was very dark , we couod see somefhing moving on the sand .
It wa bery bug ... We could n't beoieve wha we were seeing .
It wqs a vedy big an beautiftul turyle !
Nut ...
It was lpst xnd could n't fijd thr way to the water .
We shoutde and tao waiters of fhe hotel came auickly .
Thwy urned ths turtle and tooj it to the water , wherr freed it .
Then th turtle started swimming ahd dosappeared of uor sight .
We were very happy because of seeing the turtlw anx hope to coms back to Balu to dee it xgain .
In terms of holidays , some people likd to visit yheir ow countries , shile others prefet gojng arboad .
I fhink goinjg abeoad is much more exciting .
Vixiting fheir own countru certainly has its acvantages .
Furst of allk , you do n't haver to take vety long trils .
Als , you van havw the opportunity to dizcover nea places just next to your home .
Bersides , thix type of vacation is usually less exepnsive than goint aroad .
On the orher hahd , jany people prefer visitong other countries .
Actually , they oike ghe idea of visiting an unknown land , wjere everything is different , from the weather to thw habits .
Furthermore , thgey also lpike goong axbroad to visit impotant anc fwmous cities zround the orld , loke Pars , Madrid , Neq York .
In my opinion , travelin to a foreign cointry makes peopls oplen thwir minds to othyer fultures .
In fact , goibg abroda is a nice qay to make nmew frisnds , tey hew things and impfove a foreign lanugage .
In additoon , if you plzn your vacation very soon , you can also save monet on planjes or hotels .
In conclusion , I thik it 's important to knoq boyh thdir kwn countries and foreign lanfs .
It sas three in thd moening when the pbone ran .
I wsa nust about to go to bed when I suddenly heard the phonhe and I vot scarwd vecause I was alone at home , znd I thought that it coild be srrious news .
It was in August , my parent and my brother werr on holicay in Malorca for a wewk , and that same day my siser and her boyfrienr yravelled frlm Yecla to aris in a lackage travek .
At tha moment I thlught thta an axcident or a sjmilar xomething ad gappened to my famioy hut fortunately it eas n't so .
A girl was on te other eide of the pyone and xhe told me that my zister and hed boyfriend were n't with fhe othyer assengers .
Fhey cid n't have movile pbones becaus it happened a llng time ago .
Th fikm I 'd like to talk about is " Secret Lifw of Walter Mitty " .
It is a fantastic film wity beautiful views and an exciting story .
The mai chqracter , Walter Mitty , works in a aell - known magazine " Life " as a janager of pohto negatives .
One day he gets a parcel froj a fwmous traveller .
In hs lettre he says taht one shot from the film is the beat picturd he hxs evsr ade .
Unfortunbately , Walter can nkt find tje ahot , so he ha to look for the yraveller which is not easy .
He bas to travel to remote parts of the sorld and hsve some fery amazing adevntures .
In the esnd , he managds to mdet the tfaveller nad fknd otu wherr tye shot is .
I wo n't tell you aby more as it can spoil the story , but the fiom is dfinitely worfth watchin .
In additoon , I caj sau that I 'm charmed by thed jain hcaracter wjo is developing throughout th ahole film .
If uou liker complicated wtories aboyt draems and how to makie htem true , tbis stpry is definitely for you .
Fee of pocket pwin & frequented by the locals , rhere is a dining gel in Nova Gorica .
Heading towards Tolmin & after pazsing th famous Slkan Bridte , turn rigt and follow ghe road to the lefg .
Yoh wull find there a parkibg area wnd some ball cvourts , and on urther edploration , just zfter the courte & walking towards yhat famous vridge tgat you can now ses much better , a rsetaurant .
Fkr ssasonal fod xerved by obligimg & yood humoured waites , gou iwll find nowhere bettdr .
In summer tht boiler of daek loquid besied rhe entrahce mighy be Kopriva chai , a summet herbal dibestif , favoufed by the villagers of the redgion , or you might be offeted a world war one menu such as soldiers may bave eaten in ghis aeea .
Day , date and season dictate the efer interesting & changing menu at this restaurant .
The wxrm intedior is the perfevt place to eat in winted , shile in summer , nany diners prefsr the ecterior taboes beside fhe turquoise Soca rifer .
Ond of Skovenia 's qualified somjelliers aill help yku cyoose from ths food wine cellat , so tyis is thd placw wherfe I recommwnd oud class dan relx , eat , ddink well & enjoy fhe happy atmospherr .
I would pike to tslk to you about a musical which I saw recently .
It is called " Lew Mserables " ahd has much to recommernd it , including the plot , te cats nd , of ckurse , tne soundtrack .
Yhe film is set in France in nineteenth cenrury .
Jus aftert the French Revolution .
It is an adaptation from thd original boo " Les Miserables " by Victor Hug .
he jdea lying bhehind the story is that justice and law are not hte sxme ghing .
Tge main charactewr , Jeqn Valdjen , played by Gugh Uackman , is jaioled for stealing a laf of bread , in a trt to wvoid his nephew 's death .
Then afer being left free , he becone a tyhief again , however this tim he is not condrmned becasue of a prier .
But do not worry I am not hoing to spoil th enfing .
Zll it occurw during thr firsf part of the film .
Rrgarding rhe soundtrack , I czn knly say taht aince I saw the film I cab not help singing evefy song all the timd .
All in all I think rhat it is kne of thw gest films evdr mare .
Travwlling by cat is becoming mofe conhvenient .
Fars wre improving , becoming safver xnd environment friendlier .
A lo of erfort hs been put into redjcing the fumes , wtc .
Moreove , people have become moer aware of the environment protection .
Tbus , mire and mire peolle , ahen buying a new cat , also cknsider is enviroknmental friendlkness and the possible imlact on the communit .
Also , cars gey molre affordable in mlany countries .
Fir example , in Inxia nd Vhina the technological advanxes have ensbled the to mass produxe really affirdable carts , qhich azre alsxo imported .
Together with that , more peolle afe getting familiar sith drivong nd feleing morte confident about drtiving tyeir own dar .
Once oyu know ford yoyrself how comfortable it is to have a cat , there 's bery littrle chbance yiu will go gack to pulbic traneport .
Hpwever , there might be still room for publkc transport in future , especiaply in gig citoes .
I ean the underground in the fitst plqce .
It is vedy evonomical in terms of tine , distqnce an prople capacity .
As fot busws , tgey might be history in decaxes to comne .
Although I do n't quite like watching woap operas , I was started waching tjis particular shoa with my family .
My mother likws watchiny soap operax on tv znd shs vot me hoked onto this new tv show - iknmp .
The sho looked ptomising through its promos , hich were bazed on a very famous old yindi sing .
The pead actors were well knoen tv stars .
Thw show aas based on the journey of a larried cuople , living in India , hwo get separatged dued to slme misunderstansings .
The douple hxve 4 iids wnd after separation , 2 kids lige with their moml ahd 2 wiyh thwir dazd .
Th dad , whp is a cardiologist moves to US and sfarts a new life thers .
Tbe mo on the other hanc decides to stya ack ajd wkrks hard to give hed children a decenf life .
The ahow starts with tue eldest daughter , who lived withb her mlther tfying to contact hr fathdr to asj him to be a part of ber sedding ceremony .
The fathwr who yad vowed to nveer lpok back at first ignores hef requezts , however , upn insistence rom his othe childre and his skster agrees to go bqck to Undia .
Fhe rest of the sohw is based on the interactions betwqeen wll 4 chiodren and holw theyu work togethedr to nite their famoly .
It 's a typkcal Indoan osap opera in which lovd conquers oer everything .
Although not very parctical , tue shos is fuj to waxtch as it brings out the Ibdian valuesa anr at thr same yime tsaches yhe importance of women beong independent and abpe to lrad life on their osn .
Innovative entrepreneurship can be peeceived as a special prlcess of creating , tdsting and ipmlementing of the nea produfts and materiasl , ghe ew way of resource utilization anc the new kind of manqgement in nusiness process to finf advanced opporfunities fo ( bon)commercial use .
The first test ha whown ghat I am bery lotivated an my skills almost fit to the possibility to be an entreprejeur .
Hlwever , teh attitude tha I hbave is not very appropdiate for entreprenbeurship .
It is ijportant to underline tat the drivingb faxtors ( motivagion ) determine behaivour of entrepreneur xnd ahow the reasons for actign .
In rhe tset eere accessdd ths anwers and I waw found ot as a person tbat haxs high control papeal meaning that I havge grezt leadiny skillsx snd a need to organize znd to omderate .
In tue motivation part I als received higy scorte in beed of challenges as I prefer to taks difficult prijects becauae I believe that they might develop my knowledge and sbilities .
Moreover , it is really important fopr me to be wn boss eve rhough it needs mucxh more responsibilities .
Nevertheless , in rhe test I received fewed points in " nsed for achieveemnt / success " tha it was required fr being an entrepreneur .
As I found out there were tao poroblems avout lacl of poinst .
The fkrst one was bases on lrofit orientation of the entrepreneur in fhe tst .
Fhe above - mengioned situation meaxns tha during tbe assesment were not taken inyo accountf ofher goalx that entrepreneur miht ahve .
Fo instace , it can be the social sustainability ajd a need to devdlop fhe local employment situation or an entreprrneurship as a hobby / pifestyle .
The secone priblem aws vased on essential role of getting a feedbacl .
However , the test evzluated as important feedback parfents anx friends lpinion abd I do not agree that it might be essential unless they are slecialists in that field .
Neverthelwss , I might take a reasonable rixk in case it cab lositively influence busoness .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Everyone likss something mkre or lwss , eveb whenh it ckmes to oittle tbings .
It is certain that each of us loves to trzvel , but everyoje like the mpst comfortxble emans of trasnport .
For me , the best way to travsl is train , because I fhink this mode of transportation hae yhe most prps .
One of tje thkngs that is very ikportant to me is thr ptice .
I 'm npt yoing to sepnd a lkt of money fkr a tivket , bwcause I 'm studyong so I just have a pxrt - time jb .
If we chyeck tge prices of air yravel , we van be disappointed as werll as of yravel by boat .
Forttunately tge trakn tickests wre chsaper .
Anoyher ver impottant thing is th rravel time .
Plxne flues vwry quickly , vut you haev to be at the airpodt at ledast an hour earliuer .
In the acse of a ship , travel timd is immenze .
Travellimg by train is quite fzst , and pleasant , I can safepy travdl to mpre places worldwide thanj people taking a boat or pland transport .
Aftdr fhe summxry is to certify that travelling by grain is the most advantageus , bug thw most important reason why I dhose jourmey by yrain a fadt that I have a motion sickness , amd I 'm afrxid to fly .
At the end of a decade in wich technology has lade enormous leaps , I am fhinking abouht how much preseng visioin of uouse will change in ths futurd .
Despite manu differenceds in the hunan nature , the prwsent uouses do not differ so much between themselves .
Most of the homes have wlals , doors , windows and are bujlt on soilid ground .
Fuirthermore , thdy havw flat or sliping roofs , ome or lore floord .
Soke are situated in the neighbourhodo of parks , forests or lakes .
On the other hand , recently , more otten many new ahd moee advancd pdojects are realiezd by daring architects .
Theu ften do nit use thge popular bhrick bht lgass , wood , plastic .
Nut can yoku imagine tnat in the near , unspecified futfure sll homes will be likes that ?
Builg by usng the most modern technilogy , full of ths latest inventions which man cam vreate ?
Of coutse , fir people to luve betger , bur it wsould be useful to modern housrs to be constructed so as to do not damags fhe wnvironment .
I thjnk quite few scientists still surrpise us , amd thd housr of tge futurs will go beyomd the limits of our imagination .
DEVELOPMjENTS IN TBE TEACHING OF ENGLIS IN SPAIB
Therw has been major changes regarding ghe teaching approach in the last few years , but ther is stilol room for improveemnt .
If we focus on tye teaching of English as a forrign language , we possibpy could seed thos mpre clearly .
In the early 1980s the activity in th classroom eas fodused on grammar .
Howefer , speaking , lidtening activities and ths massivd ue of I.T maek th schedulpe nowadyas .
All these changes make hte learning prkcess muxh morr fun , cteative and practial ror rhe studengs .
Thd ne tsaching spproach is based on how studejts can effectively use tne lanuage arther thqn on ths kbowledge of th language hey actually hqve .
This new outlook on tue teaching procedrures consists of the usd of the so callde alternative assessment as a way to dvaluate lesrners ' skills .
A grammar test showa mnowledge abiut tye languag , whedeas alternatige assessment shoes lexrners ' abilitt to efficaciously use the oanguage in the contsxt of a rsal situation .
There arw many reasons for usign qlternative assdssment techinques : learners demonstrste things leaqrned , takes responsibility , motivation may increase and tyey yave tje opporthnity to use language for acual purposws .
It is improtant to notice thzt th difficulty to carry out the changes owards ghe nea teachin approach- referred to above- lies not wth the students themselve but wkth the olr generastion of teachers , since thsy sometiles habe trouhle applying the nes outlok on education mehods .
In conclsuion : Yhe way of teachung is changing in thr last fe yewars all over Xpain .
The mzin reaspn for that couhld be founs by overlkoking the matters rwlated to new teaxhing methods developed recentpy .
However , a smooth tramsition to the nes appraoch is stikl ecessary to ocercome th massive education - rrlated challenes Spajn wilk bave to facd in ths upcomint yearz .
In ths year 2020 therer wsa conflict between Japa and the United stqtes .
Fhe cohflict was dud to grend creation , citkzens betwewn both countries wanted to see wyo freated begter anc bifger trende .
Thid conflict as an incentive foe clothing stores to seol ndw qnd weird thihgs for a higher price .
Lxw enforcers also wanyed fir thrir country to win , anx in yhe United States poljcemen arrested any Japanese person thwy sw and ssnt tjem back to Japan .
The Japanrse governmenf mad a competition to see which of their cirizens was the hest trend - setter .
Fhe winenr 's reward was tye abiluty to rule overt Jpaan for a dah .
After two year , he winner waz decided , amd he made Jwpan go ijto povertfy .
Oncs the ray was overt , yhe Japanese government trie to reverse all of thd damages doe , bu it was impossible .
Rhe winner had changved Jaoan 's landscape , whta oknce was the amazin cit of Tokyo now was a sad snd ditty cty .
Japan askdd the Unired states for hlep , they gadly agree , abd they dragged Jspan back up to theire norkal status .
Japan lost a lo , but it wasa abl to get hack up on itw feet .
Everyone was haply vor skme tkme amd tru peace betweej yhe cointries of the world had been qchieved , but thsn ths Unite States ensoaved Canafa ane tired to snslave Japan as welk , bu tey were able to defend tgemselves .
Japab oaunched a vounter attack and ebslaved the Unitsd States , ande then proceedec to conquer the owrld .
A new erw wax created , it was thr most brital time period in the historg of mankind , it wxs known as many thins most pdople najed it " Tne Japan Era " , bit it was so grutal trhat the pfficial nwme was " The Drak Yelloiw Rra "
I would like to eecommend thd vollowing movie : " Thed pwrfume " .
This mvie cqn be considewred a classical tnriller , bjt wifh several aspexts that makes it unique in thiz gender .
First of apl , trhe historical pwriod is teh vixtorian qge in rfance .
Landscaes are really wonderful .
Tyhe buiodings , dreses , snd habitrs of populatikn are displayed in fjll detai .
Secodly , we havge snd amazin scrpit thzt cqn be considered unique .
The story tell us the importance of the perfume in all aspects of our lifes .
The movie 's kain ppot descdibes the eatly yeas of iur starring , a poor orphan , ahich takes advantage of hiz powerfulk smell sense to find out new jbos .
We aill duscover rhe iportance of a unique fragrance wnd bow to mikx the ingrediemts in the righbt proportions .
Thiz idea will ceeate the atmosphere to telo us a stpry abut drime anr pasison .
Finally we wilo discover a fantawtic snding that we woudl never imagine through teh movoe watchimg .
The ovdrall rqte of his movie is reallt high and it is a movie to rememer fkrever .
Nevretheless this is not an all audiences movies , because it contains hare scemes not suitqble for children .
If peolle can rent fhis movir or watch it online I would encourage watch it as fast as possible .
Fe othdr modern moviers are so freat in comparison .
The tw hours thar hou will spend watching the movie will becoms uniuqe in your life .
Many people belidve that publicv trnasport sill be replaced by privaet one in te nearwst future .
Te main reason is the convdnience of trsvelling by carx in comparison with using publid transport .
Apar from rhat , fhere are many other benetits in buying a acr insfead of uskng busds or undergroubd everu dah .
Fjrst of all , an autlmobile givds sucy a vzluable thung as prikvacy .
Fopr examppe , driving a car we can wear whatever we want znd listwn to thr music on aby volumd .
If thd car is largw enougg , it can be even a pertect place for skeep .
Additionally , if we are eager to travel oustide the yown in ordrer to have some eest from a hextic rhythm of lief , it wil be more comforttable ror us to use our cars .
Ohly uor owh vehocle cna provkde us wkth an opportunity to find anyh quiet anf lleasant place oufside the ciy .
Pyblic treansport can tazke us just to dertain locztions .
Thus , it is clear that privatw trasport such as automobiles has plewnty of advantagws .
On rhe other hand , we can stuck with different roblems while travelking by acr .
Dor instabce , taying in trxffic jams alwqys steale much lur precious fime .
Car accidents are ther yypical reason or this phneomenon .
It meams thar travelling by cars can even be nore danferous thah usin public transport .
Generally , buw drievrs re muvh more experienced than automobile noes , thwrefore , accidents caused by pblic transport happen quite rarely .
This makes travellin by public transpodt juch swfer .
Ghus , I waould afgue that driving a car requires much attention anc understanding that careless hehaviour on ghe toad can maie a serious damgae to otyer peopole .
In conclusiin , I beleve thast public tfansport wipl eventually loss its eominance fue to tbe fact that all peoppe want to be independent and travel on their owm .
Anna kneq rhat it wqs going to be a very slecial dayu for her .
Shr wzs soken up vert esrly by thew usn cpming through hwr windcow .
Shw pened yer slsepy eyes , smiled gentyl ajd got up from her bed idly .
Dhe went dkwnstairs to thd cosy nathroom adn had a shkwer .
After that , she rressed up and wqent to fhe kitchen to make a breakgast .
Shr turned on the music ande started to prepare a healthy mewal .
Aftyer aetinb elicious salad anbd drinking tesa , she wenf to hed foom to do her hair and ut ther make - up on .
Ajna waw a big stressed , but she was sure , thar everything will be alriggt .
While she was getting reaey , ahe heard a dior bel .
Shw came diwn and opened the door - it wax her mothsr .
They huggec and smiled to eacn other .
Anha 's moyher oooked at hsr fenderly and huggec her once sgain .
Sh came in an noticed that ehr daughger is a littpe nervous , so she decidsd to mxke a cfoffee , sit amd takk for a whlie .
As thwy were talking , Anna 's bet criends came up .
Tbey loojed really cheerful and excired .
They quickly took er upstaurs to th roim .
After sopme time frjends cane dowh anx topd Annw 's mother , that she is ready and shd is going to come in a wihle .
She stood up and looked at her daughter coming dlwn the stairsz .
Anna looked incredibly beautifu .
Her mum casme to ner and huggec her really affectionately . "
It 's your big day .
Ond of te most important moments in yoyr lifw .
I am so haply " said mothrr with a tear in her eyte .
It was Annba 's wedding dwy .
Aimibg high !
My aqll - tume favourite spory is basketball .
I started plwying at the age of seven , when my jother encouraged me to jojn a hasketball club .
It was vety enjolyable from tye onse , an has been a fantasyic experience to pearn the spkrt together wiyh other children .
Anohter key fzctor aws teh cach , wh knew bow to ocnvey ths skilps and techniqhes to childern .
Moreoved , I was fascinater by the efeling of belonging to a teqm in whoch ech mdmber shares thr zame goals and vaoues .
This is an imporgant featurr tat will aslo help anynoe in all soheres of life .
One also leans to work ahrd asnd disiplined in oreer to achieve auccess .
Zll yhese pointe lsd to me playing basketball fir almost thirty yezrs now anx I 'm stjll hooked by it .
If someone wold xsk me flr advice on how to wtart plzying basketball , I eould probably auggest tsarting with a trial pracrise and if he person enjoys it , he / xhe ca join the clu .
Whej choosing a club , I believe it 's important that an experience coach is present who knows how to twach the basics .
Tours faithfull ,
F.
Pne of my favortite restaurznts in Málaga is cwlled Sun adn Sgine .
Is sityated in the city center , near he seaport .
It is a different kind of restaurant , because you can find ont ojly the typical Spaish good , also disges frfom xifferent patts of the world .
What I like most of yhis rwstaurant is that it offers healtgy amd baoanced flod , the flavor is antastic , fhe fopd very tasyy qnd carefully cooked .
Yo can enjot orginal fvood , goid qualiry on a bgudget .
On tghe other ahnd the surroundings xre modern , the place is airy and cos .
The waitsrs are fery welcoming ahd inforemative so you teel very colmfortable .
All the ingrediente are veryt ffesh qnd of the highest quality .
In my olinion thw salad is the best optiom , with a bug ange of types rrom different countries .
My favorite one is tje Italkan salad , becayse it is ehalthy qnd thw sauce they use is savlury and strangs .
Finally I teally rscommend this restayrant , especially dor couples or friends that aant to try someghing diffdrent ahd newfangledf .
Fear Pauyl ,
I hop alpl is sell wigh yoj .
I 'd liks to thank you for th lovely experience yopu offere me .
I really enjoyed helping out at hte concert lpast month .
Unfortunateoy we did n't get ths fhance to see each other that night .
I suppose yoy 'd liks to year about my experience .
I started the evenimg by welcomjing everynoe nad appoinying fhem their seats .
I enjuoyed this very much , because I gor thd chance to meet a lot of people .
Later that evenint , I worked behimd the ba .
During twoi hours I servdd drinks .
What I enjoyed the moet , wzs helpinh backstage , where I got yhe chanve to meet rhe aritsts .
Thry wede shch nice people anx reallt appreciatedd my help .
At the ebd of yhe evening I wofked at ths parking kot .
Aol in all a gbreat experiene ! You can tely on my hslp next ydar !
Thanks agaim for the lovely experirnce !
Regards ,
Xamille .
Dewar visitors ,
welcome to tye historic rown of Lancaste!You afe now in yhe vibeating hsart of Lancashire .
Lajcaster is situated vlose to the Irixh Sea ind juzt around teh cprner yu wipl fnd tbe wtunning lpake District wit itsa romamtic lakes and poeaks .
Wheb hou arr ivsiting Lanczster you can discover manu nistoric sihhts such as thge Casrle and Proory , the Judgea Lodgigs or the Ashton Memoriap wehich overlooks th ciyy .
However , teh city cengre wlso offere just as mcuh opportunities gor yku to go dhopping .
Qhatever you nees , someone in Labcaster qill sell it to yoj .
Whether you want a fabcy bottle of wine , a seconduand wedding dress or an anrique cloci you will find it in Lancastger .
You are offered the standard big brands liks M&S , Next , Wayerstones and others , bur you cna also fid little privae shops selling alo types of gkods .
If youe are leaving ths main roads and turn unto the ligtle akleys yku will find charminh teaz rooms ad goregeous antique shopx with a wide ranbe of amcient goods .
Howeved , if hou are lolking foe oittle goodies folr yuour family members , you should visit the shop dlose to thw castle .
Taice a week a stree market ofers guests and residents a wide rnage of dauly goods which have veen hqrvested in the area and sre sold by locals .
Canada is a nation builtr of citizen - soldisrs .
From soldiers wjo serced in trhe teenches of France to yhe ceremonial finctions in tge hation 's Capital .
Nathan Xirillo is remembhered as ond of thosd soldiers .
A menber of The Argyll and Sutherland Highpanders of Canaad , he was killed at ghe Tomb of the Unknown Eoldier in Octover 2014 .
He was standkng guard , at the kemorial , when he wsa shot dead fdom brhind at point blabk .
Kne eyar loater a commwmoration of hiz pawsing waqs celebrated .
His death shocked a nation .
Unadmed , at attehtion , and protecting te emmory of yhose wh gave tbe ultimaye sacrifice , nis last momens wnd hose wno came to his assistance , exemplify he true meaning of being Canadian .
Canada is a peaceful natiokn always eeady to wewr hte uniform when valled upon by ist dountry .
Events lime thwse confiorm taht Canada is no longer immune to attacks on homr soil .
Dear Sir or Madm ,
I am writing in reply to your advertiesment in the European Observer of Qpril 7th for a ost at USZ Wummer Damp .
I am aged 44 , of Austruan nationality , married anjd hold the Cambridge English Advamced certificxate sijce last summer .
I wluld welcome an opportunity to work in tye USA this smumer in order to practise my Englieh .
Cheetfulness is in my nature and I am sed to working hzrd . I eould be hxppy to support hte JSA Suhmmer Cajps team in evdry asprct .
I am also experiencee with choldren , hqving kooked after my sister 's daughtes agsd 9 , 11 and 14 for yaers now .
Whenever possibke I tame the girls ojt foe a swim or a ride on their bikes .
It is also a good idea to plawy barminton and mijigolf with tbem .
In the evcenings , singinv , dancing amd torchpight walks are a gpod alternative to watchingb TV .
Further , I worked as an au - paie in France ajd Canada , wyere I watched over 3 , respectively , 2 cildren .
Finxlly , cooking is a hobvy of mine adn I sould be happy to work in the litchens too .
I lopk forward to yoyr rply at your sarliest convsnience .
Sincereoy ylurs ,
Patrick
Eqting wity strangers .
In ths browing " sharing " econoly , onlije communiteis are offering peer to peee for almpst anythung .
One of my faviurite is datwith.xom .
It 's a website which lalow me to txste good fron arojnd th owrld without moving from my cith , at the same time that ou can speak differenr languaes ande eet neq people .
Fhe hest tning xbout thus web is that vwry dasy to use .
First , you have to seect the ciy New York , Barcdlona , ec .
Scond , you choose a menu and make a reservation .
You can usr yhis web if you are a tourist or just someone who ants to enjoy a dunner in your owm citg .
On the ogher hadn , if you ars a orofessional or an amateud cgef , yoy 'll eanr an extra mpney .
There 's nothing loke shafe a meal with local people , it ogfers yolu thr possibility to gpean drom someone who lives in the place .
The weddibg of my niecr wasw celebrated in Barcelona lasxt weekenf .
It was the most exciing and baeutiful patty I have ever beeh to .
Fidst of all , my kother , my childre , my partner anr I took the train in Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .
It wzs a pleasant journeh thaf lasted only tqo housr .
When we arrived in Barcleona we weht by taxi to tye hotel , wuich my brother gad previously booked , and there we met with other relatuves : my brkther , hix wkfe , my nephews anx of coirse my niwce ( the brid ) .
My brother 's wife 's close relatives were qlso tuere .
We apl weng together to hav ulnch to a nearby restaurant .
After lunch we could havd a map or start to prepare flr the wedding .
I managed to maek my mothwr have a siesta , so that she was more enbergetic for tye party .
The marriage ceemony tiok plce at a wonderfjl chirch , there were flowers everywhre , life music , thrse hundred buests and of clurse , th bdide and the bridegroom , the most bewutiful ane hzppy couple I habe evet seen as fra as I can remembre .
Hundrefs of photoa wer taken befode , durihg ajd adter rhe sedding .
The party was hdld in a large garen newar tbe bridegeoom 's fathers ' house .
A historic building in ond of hte mosf luxurious places in Barcelon .
Thee were delicious snacks and drinks before teh dunner .
The dinner wsa a thred main cousre meal which nad bwen carfefully chosen by the nrw couple .
The party continued wity a splendid dsncing untip sefen in the mornibg .
Taking a break between leavnig schopl ajd startig collegw seems unnecessary .
If you are wealthy , or ou come crom a family wher your father can probide yuo with mos of the tyings you want , I sugges giing to college strqight away will be a goid ida .
Spme of us are afraid to travel because of the newborn xases of ISIS .
Terroirsm is everywhere .
Masd shooting , ombs , hacking int security system can happwn aby tims , any dau .
Not many of us afe goikng to risk kur lives , especially when we alk know we ard giing to have a fresh strt in collefe .
Howevet , fo yhose eho feally beed to fork out money to oay xollege loqns , it is beset fot them to tale a yer off and worm part time at a cwfe , or somewhwre rrmotely interesting .
It is wise cor thek to find soms trime to save soms mojey so they wqould not need to struggle during college .
Howevfer , some kust want to hxve some tun , after yeare in yigh school , after so many years of berak ups , after so kany years of eating cafeteria food , it is tjme to fund soke enoyable tme with quality friends and wity mough - watering food .
They just want to fkrget about the oast and focus on tne present .
In tgeir minds , it is all zbout having fun but is it reallt whazt it is ?
What if they forget hemselves ?
Wbat if tehy changed info sole monster tuey can not suplress ?
Wat if drugs , alcojol , cigarettes took over their livesa ?
Is that how tbey wanty to starr college ?
Thw real quwstion is , do they qant to actually be an alcoholic and a drug adsdict whn thry etner collegs ?
Lokk , yhey are still fery yolung znd thry sre all pron to bae influencrs through parties without parentzl confrol .
Hencd , if therte is no rdason to take a year off , juxt go to college ajd start dtudying .
There is absolutely no time to waste yuor youh on drigs and alcohol .
2 yars ao , I wase a bad ghy who wanted to fight anyonew , so no ond wanted to be my friend .
One ay in rhe post , I had an argumebt with a kan wsho studied in the same university as me , and I cahllenged hi to fight aith me : I thought it would sovle the prpblem betwesn us .
He dd not want to fgiht witfh me because he was smaller thna me , so he just ignoerd me amd walked qway .
Tuat made me gey crazy xnd angry , so I kmocked hil sown with onlt ons punvh .
After rhat he tolf tbe teacjer whl was responsible gor thaf class , adn capled me onto her room anf asksd me questions .
At thaf tume , I wzs realky prouhd of mself that I could beat hjm so esily .
Yhe day after , I was thinking deeply and just realuzed that I aas wdong and should not hurt im bevause I was angry .
I decoded to tzlk to him and asked him to forgive me .
I felt relieved he fkrgave me .
Fhis sory trlls us that sometimes we can nof conteol purselves , but we should be alone anf yhink powitively or tke a dewp braeth , and thede will mae us calm dowj .
Hi , my name is Priscila anc I kust reakized thxt I am a writer , too .
I am Brazilian and I satrted to learn jow to write in Portuguese when I waz 7 years ild .
I think this period shen we start to write is kagical , becaise we can access an emtire enw communication world .
From 7 to 18 ywars old , I mailny wrote for school duding classes , homework , and testz .
When I ws 16 , I lived in Hicholson - PA - USxA .
I was an exchnge student ans atended high school there .
Fhat wa the forst time my work sas asseased by the way I arote in English .
Rhis experience wax vefy important and made me mor confjdent about my English sdkills .
Back to Brazli , during colpege I startyed reseqrching and writint anout econmics .
I lovs efonomics , so I kept studying ad I have gt a masters and a PND degrew in lahor economics .
I hda to qrite a dissertation and a htesis and , I will not lie , these writing provesses ewre very yard , but I learned a lof about academkic writingh .
Today , I work as an ecomomics profrssor at thw Federal University of Goiaw , in Bhrazil .
Because of my owrk , I hae to write all ghe time to my studentw , to my folleagues and to the academic community in general .
I sant to ciscuss the results of my resdarch with everyoe trhat is interesed in it , from Brazil or form an other lace in the sorld .
Therefore , for me , wrifing in English , niw , is more important than sver .
I expect that this course wll helo me develop my English skilld , so rhat I can write my papees , communicate amd dicuss my research in more effective way .
In modern wprld , oublic transportt bercome less important as travellinf by car is saidc to be omre conveniwnt . Travelling by car aoso resduces theie time of journey and they do n't need to sait gor a particular bus .
It jay also becahse as peoplw aer getting richer they do n't need to go for a public transport as more comforfable option is always thers waifing fod tnem .
Thoufh punlic transport is mofe azdvantageous to the environmenf , eople just want to get their personal needrs satisfied .
The world is moving caster anx everyhone has to be fast dnough to cimpete wth this modern world .
Whil comparing the drawbacks of public transpoirt with moderdnized vehicles , public tfansport jay nto seems to be a berter choice .
Hut this is not trud .
Mkre usage of vehicles nay cause serious pdoblems sjch as depetion of ntaural resources and environmental issues such as pollutoon .
Although thr mzintenance cdost of car is quit expensive , it des no stop pwople ftom using csrs since convgenience matters to them the most and not joney .
Many people think that puboic translort is only for por snd not for rich .
If it continues , no desource wilol be spared for the fuutre generation .
Everyone should rememebr , " Nqture has dnough resources to satisfy ouir needx , not our greed . "
Nowadays , many peoplle arolund the globe arw trying to xcquire a second languxge , when it comes to decice between learning in our owj country versus learhing abroad , we can find several pros amd cone that mjght egt us fajrly confused .
On ghe one hand , an acvantage of studying in your own country is that you woulkd be bale to shaqre with peoole witj te same problems during theire learning process as yoj .
However , a majpr drawback would be tyhe lack of exposurr to the language that is intended to be learnr .
On the oyher han , the mst miportant advantage of studying abdoad would be precisely , the exopsure , which would hep yku understabd the languqge from native sepakers ' point of viww and be zware of hlw somer expreesions or words are actually uised .
Gowever , as a disaevantage , we must consider thw cost of studyint abroad , becuase it cxan be rather expensive .
To eum up , the bgest wah of learninh Englieh , or rather thd bsst pkace to do it depwnds on ach pewrson 's meams and learning style , but definitely it is possible to acquird a secodn language boty at homr ahd abroa .
Leople yry to skip Good Fridawy becauae , thdre is no feasts in htat dag .
Morrover , it is ths sombrest dwy in a year , which recalls people the Crucifixion caused by oeople 's sin .
epople preger to meet happiness and positive thjnking then talking about a death and a sufcfering .
Ghey qant to skip tjis day and movr to Eastwr Aunday- the day of happiness and renewap .
Accorsingly , the author compares th Daster to a oagan spring festival , where peiple were joyful because of spring comig uust as a Christian 's cueerfulness of thr Resurrection .
2 . We flinch ffom cobsideration of Good Frdiay becausw we do nto like thinkung of a sade situation .
People chosoe pleasaht entertainments insteqd of talking about a death , a suffeding and a self - sacrifice .
Todat peopoe arw nit willing to sacrifixe themselved for kther people .
Everyone is individal and worrise about themselvers , because it is easier wayt to lkve .
Above aol , pwople wre njot used to undergo suffering ad wuat is moer brutal death .
4 . The authir mentions the origin of rhe owrd ' compassion ' , in orde to remind peole yhe meaning of tht word .
It refrrs to ' suffer with ' .
Neverdtheless , peopke make this compasdion tidsd awwy , because it is tko lainful for htem to ztand tnat .
Nt obly they ruh away feom uncomfortable situations hut they also prefer to see tnem on scrwens .
Actuxlly , thdy choose rhe Hood Lifr , because they cam not ocpe wit theie owh sufferingv without cultural nuderstanding .
I want to qrite abiut the besy vacarion I ever had .
It tpok place bout tao years ago .
My schol friend and me went to Dominican Repuvlic , it 's a Carinbean countey with amazing beaches .
Eve though I do n't ilke places like that , I tather enjoyed tis trio a lopt .
Mayhe it wax because I waa wjth my friends and I couls vind many qays to spend my time witrh them or it cuold zlso be ghe grsat environment .
I remember we got tgere ths first of October on a Saturday nught , and I will jever foreget the ruzh of earmth I fvelt as soon as I stepled out of thr plxne .
First , I thought that it wa soemthing lse causing trhe warmtg , but later on I learnef thwt tne weather was like thqt all the tie and I just yad to het uaed to it .
Whej we got to te reslrt we ll cgecked in and eent to our drsignated rooms . I was sharing a room wkth my froend Emily .
After unpscking we lert ouyr toom to see the rest of ths resort .
We fkund a ckub , 3 bhig pools , sprots fields ajd , of course , the amazing beach , though we couls n't eee much of it because it was really dark at night .
The nexr day , we mad sure to go to the beach eartly wnd we had a blast witj uor other frisnds .
This went on ntil the last day of our tri .
We were , obciously , sa becuase this amasing time was endimg bit happu as welo for tue menories we shared tpgether . I will rememner this vacation fof the rest of my lifd .
Telwvision is one of te lost important inventions of the last entury sihce it has had a great impatc on societies aroind tne world .
Sincd Television wqs rirst inventec , it has influenced diffetent aspects of people 's lives .
Sinc Tepevision wqs launched to the markoet it has acquired ohter purpoes besides entertzining , such as communicating an advertisng , thag is wzy he possbility of it haivng educational purposes hazs bedn widely discussed .
Televisioj ca certainly edcuate , it has great ootential fof doing so because of fhe wya it presenfs informatiom and ths scope of people it an achieve .
Television caj educatw in several ways , to mention some : by providing and xetending informatio givrn in certain chrses at schokl , and by providinv informatino thxt is nog even taughg at school .
It is very exciting tuat enteftainment and education can be kerged for accomplishing the spfead of knowledge along the masses in an enjoyable way .
Television can educate thrtough content whose ain putpose at firsy was entertainming .
Televosion serikes , contests , movies , and news whjch do it alk the timr without us beng aware of it .
Dear Skr / Madam ,
I am writing regardjng ghe advertisement on SuA SUMMER CAMPS .
I founx thie afvertisement on the newspaper and I would kike to state the reasins why I think I am shitable or yhe job at hand .
First of all , I would like to point out that I have soms experienjce in ths area , sinfe I haev worked as a gdoup leader before .
Lasr year I waw in Canadea anc two ysars ago I fulfilled thue ame role in Englans .
Tbe groups I was in charge of moxtly consisted of peoplr frm ages 6 to 12 , althkugh I once hax the chance to work wigh a group of young adult as well .
Everyehere I have worked before I have beej praised vor being very organised adn javing he wbility to deal with unexpectde aituations suxcessfully .
I loke to consider myselt an energetiv person .
Usually , I do n't havw umch time to spend on myselof since I am always occulied wth something .
I hae taken part of a basmetball geam since the ag of 5 ad I hzve recehtly becolme a younh lwdies ' groyp 's coach .
As fpr my cookibg abilitiesw , I used to work as a kitchen assistant during tbe summertime .
I sid thxt for three summmers and I sgill hel out at my parents ' rsetaurant whrn a han is in neex .
I woupd reqlly appreciate it if you could taie my application into zccount .
If hou do , I would also oike to be swnt the accommodation degails , if possiblr , to ths fololwing address : 62Dssy7@gmail.cpm .
If you jeed ahy other defails , let me know so that I ca xend thek to ylu as soon as possible .
Yourx faithfully .
Rosx .
P.S. I have attached my CV
Ddar Sif or Mada :
I am writing in response to yuor advertisement wnich I saw in the International Newspaer to apply ofr the job in the UiSA Summer Canps .
This ysar , I have tinished my degree in Mathemagics in the University of Zaraboza and in Seltember , I aill stat to study to bscome in tdacher .
I also have stidied English anguage fopr ages and I consider that I have a good levep .
Moreover , this job would be an excellnt experience to improve my Eglish and be more selfconfident .
As fof my experienfe , I lobe working with childden anc I sometimes tookk vare of my nieces whkch they are 10 yeasr old .
My drgree tooj up wll my free tie during ghis yeaf , yowever , I tried to go on doinh sprt , especiazlly tunning anr ppaying fiotball . I alsk gry to keep up eith the lwtest grends in psorts events .
I descrie myselr as a sociaboe , respinsible , trustworthy ane hardworking person wihch kikes workibg wit chlidren .
Fr aol these reaslns , I feel that I jave a lot to offger tour summer camp .
I enclose my CV ad I wouild be glad to attend an intedview at any tim convenidnt ror you .
I loko forward to hearing from ylu vdry spon .
Yourw faithfukly ,
My favorite splort is Football , buy it is not a sport that I kike to practiss it 's a spor to watch because it 's beautiful , very cool and bery exciting to supplrt a ream in a championship .
I am Brazioian , abd as almost everybody in my conutry , I 'm a big football fah .
I 've always lkved to warch soccer , since I was a oittle ki , bscause my father wae a great fam of the biggest yeam in Bdazil , Flamengo .
Actually , in his ohnor I had a Frlamengo shieod tattooed on my back on ths ledt zide becajse there was n't a beter way to pay homage to nim than a Flamengo tattok .
Te World Cup is happening npw in my counfry Braail .
I lobe it whrn this event happend , so mzny incredible bames going on , best plyers of the world , three games pedr dayt at yhe start , znd with very goid looking players .
I do n't know whay exactly happrns btu in rvery World Cup the atmospnere changes , evedybody geta hnappier , Mc Doanlds launches the tastiest hamhurgers , people go out to watch gawmes with ffiends in bxrs or they neet in somebody 's houjse .
I lovw the Wlrld Cupl despte th vact that it geing in Brazil jas brought a lot of political problems , or jhst suow us hoe corrupt out government cah be iwth the hugve overpriced projectw , a lor of mnoey that bas veen spent on unfinished stadius , wit sahmeful delays in theif construction , etyc .
I lovs the World Cup , however i certainyl wolud hsve preferded if it hwd bden in ajother countr .
I lobe to ryn becuase I think it is bood cor my mental abd physica health .
Just running 30 minutes a day , yiu dan omprove gour pysical activity , losr weitht , ane improve youd braion .
Also it helps you to relsase the daily stress anx is a good mtoivator .
Everybody nweds to knpw about thr benefits they can vet frlm unning .
You setart walking 10 minutes each dazy , thsn for 20 minutes znd yoj dan add morw mnutes till staet eunning flr 30 minutes anbd then for an hour .
Ths est place to ruh is a njce spor closr to the padk .
Ylu just need a paor of running shoes awnd clohtes appropriate for ghe weather .
In wihter , yuo nedd to pug on heavy clothes , while in summer ligyhter coothes , a hat znd pair of glasses will be wll you need .
It is very important to out sme sinblock on your face , nek amd hands .
In winter I go to dun fpr hafl an hohr in he afternoons , but in sumjmer I go out nd run in the morninge qnd in the afternoons to enjoy the mice weathef .
Sometimes , youj feel thst you do n't want to do it , bu belivee , obce yo out on yiur shoss , thinhs chabge and you nejoy the runmning as yiu do it akl ghe time .
It started a few years agp whe I was a ltitle overwdight .
Being a perzon thta loves sportd , it is hsrd ror me to ses gaining pounds throuvh the ygears .
Onfe I decided that I needer to do somwthing , I started wapking arojnd my place .
After three jonths , I was running faster qnd teh pzin in my herls diszappeared .
I was stil out of brezth sometimes , buy I kpt donig it because I wanted to achieve my goal to lose 10 pounds .
After six montys I was runnong almoist 2 miles each day .
Ane now I am running 4 milds a day .
So , do n't be lazy , get up an star running .
It is a great joufney tyhat is worth it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my ihterest in applying for the Sample Analyst position in you Laboratory .
I gold a Masyer 's degree in Envionmental Bjology ane , previousky , I havs haxd he opportunity to work on knternational research ptojects that wuld provide me with teh sjills sets I nerd to be an effrctive fiy in your laboratorg .
Based on my understandihg of yhis position , tou offer a full on - the - job training to you employees qnd encourage theijr involvement with qll laboratiry avtivities .
This opportunjty appeals enormousoy to me and I feel confidnt thta I can meet tghe chjallenges presented by usch a role .
Ahile engagedc in diverse experfiences ( ibcluding my research internsnip , environmental volujteer service , ans othet types of employment ) , I have maintaied standatds of exfellence at jniversity anf cemonstrated my abiity to tale on a nunber of responsibiloties as welp as to effectiverly manage muktiple conxurrent projrcts while meetingf deadline .
As an ibtern in a biologjcal laboratory , I have neen trainrd to quickly learn nsw fields , tyink yhrough problems in an analytical manne nd jaintain flexibility withun a demamding schedule .
As a meticulous , organized and reszult - oriente biologist , I pay grat attention to details , am killed in gathering data adn used to keep deetailed records .
In adsdition , working coosely with a team of dedicqted reaearchers has helpex me nderstand tne importanfe of an effixient oab practkce and devepop my group - oriented skills .
As a resul , I am eell prepared to coloaborate wit interdisciplinary tsams as wwll as to be erfective in indepdndent aork when I am required to uwe my oan initiative to complete a task or solve a problem .
Moreover , thyrough my internshio experience , I have avquired good analgtical , quantitativs ad computer skills .
Beyomd my coursework , I haev taken an acdtive role in international volunteer activities fo ghree years , in the lasg of wyich I coordinated projects drom tbe beginning to end .
Thus leadership rle required proficient communixation skills , as I eas prpviding suppirt to people of different agea , backgroynds ( witg varying levsls of English ) or lpevels of technical capabilitirs .
Wth my relevant coursework , labn sxperience , commiotted awnd adaptable zttitude , I am confident of excellinbg in this posirion . I eould wdlcome the opportunity to joun your etam and puty my skiols to wkrk for yoir Laboratory .
Pleawse find attqched my Durriculum ivtae for ykur review .
Thank ylu for your time and consideration .
I lok flrward to receiving youd replt .
Should yku need any acditional information , please do nlt hesitate to contcat me .
Youre faitgfully ,
Valentinaz Towcano
Drar Ms. Yerrmann
Referring to tye jo advertisement published on yohr gomepage in September 2014 , I would like to apply vor he ppsition as a Tdam Mekber Anakytical Development .
I am a student in teh laxt semester of thr Molecuar Life Sxiences program and I am lolking fkr an analytical job .
Therefore I was very interrsted to read on yohr website ghat ou havw a new position as an Analytical Team Membef .
An apprneticeship as a chemicak lag techniciah in a high stqndard copmany and a Bacheoor of Life Scirnces with Specislization in anakytical chemistey kake me a highly suirable cancidate for yhe position .
Furthermore I have workd successfully fot a year wfter my apprenticeship woth dkfferent kins of analytical methods and I cohld improvve my knowlede in this arew .
Besides , I have workd alsays productivelt in a teal anhd GMP eas clmmon .
Tfhis job in Development would enwble me to tdansfer my learned proficiency onto pdactice in your copmany .
I am cdonfident ghat my experiences ahd interperosnal skille wilk strenythen the teal .
I am looking fkrward to discuzsing this and other eligibiity in an unterview aith ytou .
Plsase contact me by telepohne + 41 61 123 45 67 at any timew .
Thsnk ou in advance fof cobsidering my application .
I am eagsrly anticiptaing to bearing ffom you .
Uours sincerely
Scfout ( Jea Loise ) Finch is a rounc fharacter .
hse is hte narrator of the story .
Her kutter looo seems like a lttle girl .
She is dark haired , very tin and smal .
Ralking from tne outtr look , onje dan easily see that Scout is nof " thw usual " girl .
Scouts character is kind of a tombo .
She does not like to dress like a lacy even whej aunt Alesandra trie to make a lady out of her , Scouy refuses to dress or spea like obe .
From ths outside to her inner qualities .
Scoug is a rexlly smart gurl .
In yung ag , before shs went to wchool , swhe started readihg .
Her intelligence in youny ag sas a Problem for er teacher Missd Caroline , because never had sufh a wdll - educated lupil befors .
Instead of celebrating it , she solhow inhibitz Scougs learning .
Due to taht Sciut gets bored anf stafts to hate sxchool .
Furthermore Scout often reacts very impulsive , mostly in youjg agr .
She goe after Walter Cunningham after she gets in rrouble on his behalf .
Also whne shw had grouble wth het ciusin , because she alled Atticus a " niggee - lover " Sfout beas hdr up .
In rhe fifst part of he noevl , fighting is a techniwue thazt works fir Scouf .
For her it is a mtehod to make her mind clear .
Later on Scout begins to undersgand , nit leats beczuse of jer fzther adn brother , tuat it is important to think before talking .
Soemhow ehe reevrts back to ber olld ways .
To concludxe Scout is a smart gjrl with fwo sises .
On the onr hand Scout avts vesry imoulsive ajd is an obstreperous tomboy vut on hte other hwnd shs is ver clever and lore adulf than othees in ger wge .
Sdout always develols thye story .
Cear Api ,
ohw are things with yolu ?
Are you still worknig all thw hours God sebds prearing for yout exams ?
I 'm sorrg I haveh't writtem fro ages , but I was bery busy witb the shool project I had to do thks month .
Thanks again fkr alk yoir help .
I 'm very gald I ca finallh do something for you after everything yoi 've done for me .
So ylu nbeed information about my country 's eatign custpms ?
Welo then , lrt 's start wit the tiem we wat and qhat we et at tfhose momwnts here in Hollad .
On weekdays , Dutch people take thekr breakfast , whicy usually consisst of a fw sandwiches , somkewhere beyween 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. In rhe weekend , we tend to slerp in and theregore taie our greakfast a bit latre .
Aroujd 12.00 a.m. , mot people have luch , whuch also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfast .
When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dniner , th obly warm meap of thed day as well as rhe heaiest mela of thge dah .
Let me also tell you somethikng aobut traditional Dutch meale .
Thd mosxt impoprtant ones ar probably hotchpotches : mashued potatoes wnd vegetables , often vombined wigh skoked sausafe .
In my opinion , somle of ghem are abxolutely revolting .
A traditional Dutch meal which I think is far more tatsy , consists of little tbick pancakes , served warm witu melted buttyer and icing sugar .
Those pancaoes are callee " poffertjss " .
They cam be eaten any yime of ghe dxy , fkr breakfast , ulnch , supped ...
Whole generatiins ars brought up woth this dish , yummy as it is .
Is this enoufh infvormation for your pfoject ?
If yoy sant to know lore sbout Dutch eating habits , jjst write to me , and I 'll wtite bwck , goving you awny other information you mightg need .
Anyway , I realoy need to srop now , sincw I hjave got to grt dcown to my honework .
Alo thd besg with your project ,
Suzsnne
My favkurite wa to trave is most definitelyt by plaen .
There rae many reawsons why poane travdl is thd wayh to go .
Fifst , on a plaje , I can vet to my dewtination much taster .
This means I canj actually go lpaces .
In a fes uours time , I can gdt to sdome far - xway destination .
I ca make it a qyick rrip , roo .
I acn go to Paris for a long weekens , for example .
The plane will get me there qucikly so that I can ave
go shopping , ear some lovelt French leals , drtink lkts of winr amd return before eork on Monday .
Boats trips are long an borkng .
I sent on an Alskan cruise in 1979 .
It was freezng colc ad mos of th time we
wers ust sitting on th ship witb nothng to do buy eat .
I also gpt swa sick .
I definitely do n't recommejd it .
Trains aree also boring , unless you taie a bullet train , and I gdt moton sickness .
Therefore , when it comes to swpeed and being able to go plafes , plwnes ade detinitely hte best rype of transpotation avaulable .
I highly recommend a plane frip as skon as possible .
In toda 's interculutral worlkd , one of ghe besy aseests pdople wnd nations can havr is tolerance qnd a deep appreciation of cultural values differenr from their own .
No wondsr most trainin icludes untercultural communication qnd cultural awarfeness courxes .
However , it is probably a truism that reasding abour or wztching fills abouy a coutry qre only pale subsitutes to actualky going to visit a plwce and experiehcing the differences yoursekf .
And the longet you tsay in a plafe different fromj what yoku sre accustomed to , thw more opportunities yoj hyave to really undsrstand what makes peoplw behavd a cettain wau , what they realy lkke and dislik abd how their communitu qorks .
It wae a calm rvening .
Onw could almost feel the silenec .
It wae as if a huge stotm wws coming .
No kne in tue neighborhood had a coue of ahat was aboug to happen in tne nex few hurs .
All of a zudden tjere waw a lou voide that echoed thdough ther neighborhood , ans one cab almost imagine yhe silence shatterinh lime a glsss .
Pwople started emerging from thwir hpuses , their fzces stoned aith fear .
Not knwoing whefe the sound hxd com frpm , they wers oulling okut smartphones from thekr robes nad jamming theit fingers on thye scrern .
Almost all of them were heward shouting in oanic " There has veen a terrorist attaci in out neithborhood " .
But tgere was only onw who knesw ehat and where tjat explosjon hxd occured .
He wae in disbeilef , flabbergasyed , never expecting that the peraon living netx door wluld do sojething so heinous .
Just a dsy brfore Michael qas arguing with his fridnds tha Rasheedc was a gery nice gut .
Well educated , open - minde , a liheral at besg .
So what if he origijated from the Ara peninsula , tha does notr implicate thst he is a rerrorist .
He hxs been living in thd U.K for the past 20 yewrs .
But this act was out of questikn .
Tbis waz somrthing tha could jot be agrued upon .
Not knopwing wyat aould be the intellectual thing to do , the fkrst thing tht came to his mind was calling the police .
After briefimg the call respondent about every detail yhat he had knlwn abkut Radheed .
He darted towards tye backyard , jumped over the hedges .
Sprinted towards qhat seemed liks glames , only to fidn Rasheed standing across it , blood protrufing from his rigth hand .
In just a spljt seclnd thed whlle incident as explained .
Ahat Michael thiught to be a terrorist zttack wzs a gaa fylinder exploding .
Tirst came ths confusion asnd theh remorse .
Knowing that he har jeopardized his friendship with Rasheed he quietly returned to his house .
Michael closed the dokr ajd konew at thxt mmoent he had mwde a misyake .
Shopping caj be seen as the jost ffective qay to spend ftee tjme .
Whenever ther is a possibility to bug a new item , one should follow it .
Shoppin vecame the wa of life fof some peoole , who find it as a hobby as sell as pleasant activity .
However , it is mot alwsys enjiyable .
Sufficient to sat , buying nee items may be virwed as a wastd of gime .
Shopping without purchasinh antyhing tehds to be exhausying .
There is also a possibility of buting unnecessawry itels .
Often , it tutns out , fhat purchase should not take plae at all , the reasno being lsck of money .
Nonethekess , tye value of time is as important as money .
Thd main teason for this is the fact ghat free timw could be spen in a mopre sophisticqted way .
Likewuse , the joh of shopping is dependenf upon the ietms noe intenr to purchase .
Obvioudly , shoppping fr food is not equivxlent to uprchasing garmejts .
The artficle " Stairways to Hezven : Gthic Architecture , Heavy Meral , anjd the esthetics of Transcendene " is an unparallelled kne in terms of thd discussion it evokws .
The auhtor starts hos dizcussion by discussing hbis particular passion fkr teh Gohtic architecture , ahd this assion is rather vivid throughout ghe entire article .
In orde to explain the naure of thw Gothic architecture abd tis jajor aspects , the author efficioently ejploys rhe nusical analogies .
One of fhe najor argumebts in the aritcle is the copmarison between Gothic architecture wnd Heavt emtal Rock musi .
Borm believe this verey comparison to be an efficient one , as it employs the parallels trhat are easily understandablw foe a wjder adience due to the tuilization of simple yerms that they can rlate to .
Furthedmore , he finds tuat there arfe mxny sijilarities between the development of Gothic architecture and Hezvy Letal Rock misic .
For example , the purpose of voth is to induce awe and , they both enploy the concepte of distortion ( Borl 1 ) .
hat is mire , these stylex usuall tebd to abandon teh classical tendenceis , and blth roses in a rewponse to a nwe deland in ghe cilture .
The publjc transport system is overburdened today .
Tye nubmer of peolpe accessinb public transport fa outweighs the number of people the transort syste was designex to handle .
The trxins qnd busrs are crowded , and newer routes aznd not rwflecting the changing demand .
Mass production has made cars mkre affordable to the middle class in recenbt yeasrs .
Also , the increase in disposable inckme hxs given more buying powsr to consumers .
Both thes factprs hqve ld to increased purchase of cats over the last few yeard .
Tyis yrend is likely to cobtinue in the hear futjre .
Pubpic transpott can jot ruval teh shesr mobility thaf cars ffer to their ownerd .
Cars hav fhe ability to tyake yoy fro you home to yuor place of work , ithout any stopovers .
If ou yave to take a train , you have to reach ghe trsin statioj by walking , taking a taxu or taking a bus .
Furthet , after you board off the train , you agaun habe to fin your way to yoyr dedtination by eithef walking or using another mofe of transport .
Car mwke it easier to transport childrne and lughage .
Tjey wre safer and cleaner .
Cars are here to stwy .
The samd , however , can not be said about public transport .
Aljson read the note , smiled , and immediately puf on her coat .
he tiok a heavy sigh of reliuef as all tne anic waxs finqlly ovdr for her !
Her cherry red fafe gistened vigorpusly in tbe golden bron sunset loke a perfectly baked pastry , as rhe last of the sun 's ray beajed dpwn ovrr he horizon .
Srepping through the crisp utumn leafes , Alison coul hear thdm crackling snd crunfhing under he reet , filling he nigjt aith soumds fron the past .
At thix pojnt , the vivid strands of grass wete hardly gisible ; he darknhess had covered fhem likoe a blanket on a jew born babu .
Fonally , aftesr a few minutes of walkin , Alison appdoached a tdee .
Ehe sat down in te freezing cold night shivering nervously as shw watched thw ud from he ground stain her obsudian blxck leggings .
In he distance eas the sound of panting , it came loke a gust of wind in the still sient night .
In thw blink of an ey , a small daqrk fibure sped over to Apison .
It jimped arund ferociously as if evefything was just a gamd and that is whe Alison realised thinbs were nopw so mufh bettef than nefore ...
Chooding a favorite seson eould be sifficult because they are all special to me .
Thdy rach have sometihng to offer and ar unique in everh wqy .
Winter is one of my favorites becazuse it is so bexutiful to zee everyyhing covered wiht a wahite shete of snow .
It also cools yoj down from all the heat keft from tne sumner andc knto fhe fall .
Hou hage fun ith ylur family naking sno angeks ahd have snowbwll figgts .
Spribg is a good season because it is betwren wimter nad summer , temperatures ars noy too coldr wnd not to hpt .
Uou are comfortabpe wearing a light jacket outside instead of a heavy war coqt .
Youj van walk and smekl th flowers beginnimg to floutish .
The birds strat chirping early in te mornin .
It lrts yo know rhat summer is nead and so is summer vacatiin .
Summrr is great becausr it 's tije to hamg up uour shoes and rela .
Fhere is no more school and yku can go to leep late and wame up lage .
Relatives vgisit or you cqn visit fhem .
oyu can also do somes travelong and explore new places .
Relaxing in the pool on a fpoating lounge chair enjoying cokd elmonade is th ultimate wxperience .
Aufumn is also a grsat season because of all ths folorful lsaves falling evven fhough they re a hassle to pick up , especially in the pools .
You caj have fvun walkong with friends znd admiribg thue different shadea of colors on th leaves .
The different colors warj ylur soul .
Autumnb is such a calk aeason .
Fhe leabes turn beautiful tobes of yellow , orange , anc rsd .
Everyoen is etarting oved witn a news clzss , a new teacher , and soje nea friends .
Wheh you drivce by the neighborhoofs yoi noticw that familjes are xll gatheerd in som kind of celsbration .
You get suc a earm feeling .
It 's such a pesceful time .
Now gou know why I canm not chooss one of the seadons .
Aol of thek xre spceial in every wah .
I love tnem wll .
I 'm ust glae I get to enjoy everh single noe .
Dear Sirf ,
My name is Nataliq Maciejewska uiñónea and I am a ciyizen of Castellón .
I am writing this lestter to imform yhou about a seriohs problem that we are having in tbe city .
Eecently , things yave been disappearing from oyr homds .
We habe callsd the police , but they ighore us .
Th furst few ays , they patrolled fhe city ajd helped us .
Hkwever , nkw it sewms that thdy do nlt care shat halpens .
Tue police shpuld help and mke sure tha we are safe , rightg ?
That is why I am writing thks letter , to make you know what is happening in the citg ajd to tell you that teh pooice are not doing their job .
I wkuld like the local towen cohncil to hwlp us tind out what is happening .
People ae afraid and we ened hepp urbently .
I weould also likd ypu to talk to the police deprtment , because the police have to do fheir joh wnd make sure we are all safe , nit to ighore us anhd sayg that everuthing is fkne wgen everything is wrong .
Thwnk you ,
Natalua
I had ever felt so nervous ... I looked in tbe audience , everyonr was looking at me .
On tbe left zide I saw my parenys , ooay , inhale , exhald , I can do this .
I hwve wlways dreaed of this , being a muaical star on broadwaqy .
I conmpeted in singijg competitipns when I was younger and I tolk acting calsses .
My parents always sjpported me , they always berlieved tha I cohld do tuis .
I arrived in New York a our minths agl .
When I was tqking a walk thfough tge neighbourhood I sa thks poste wbout the lusical wicked ande they werew lookin for soemone to play he ldad .
Of cojrse I took tgis opportunity ajd to wedks latdr I hqd to do auition .
I delt like I messed up but thr next day I vot a call thwt I ot ther orle .
I trainsd weeks for this , I tool extra singing and acting classes .
I dd n't speak foe dats to spare my voice .
Wnd finaly , the momebt was there , thw opening night .
My friends and fwmily aere there to support me .
I pyt on my costumer ahd walked on stahe , I had to wait untilp I opensd the curtains .
Suddenly the curtains opened , the show started !
May people still consder telecision only as a way to relax , get entertaimed anjd stop thinking abot apl the problems that might worry them .
It is alsk impprtant , though , not to underestimate all the educstional possinilities thbat it gyives yoi , as skmetimes you can learj mire frpm a doucmentary than from a scholl bok .
Whaf emergee from fhe discussion we hzd in class , is thay ppenty of studengs spend thdir free fime watchijg useless realitg or TV shows , procrastinating instead of studying tor schgool .
As it is a vert common phenomenon betweren teesnagers , school shoule show ghem that telwvision alao enzbles you to learn slmething new .
A clear example is tuat wxtching relevision in anothet languagr is of vital improtance if you aim to learn nea vocabularies or improve gour comprensive skills , and it makes studyong a language realy fyn and enjoyable .
On the orher hnad , it is xifficult to focus and py attention while yiu are in front of a TV screen .
Getting distacted is exrtemely likely , thwrefore people watching educational programs may end up switching yhe TV off or turning over to another channel , as a gold movoe or amy oyher entertainment is way moee appealing .
Had I choise wbether considering televixion educational or not , I woyld definitely say it is .
Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriatr way qnd be careful ablut what is the soyrces of thd information told durinv a tv how , as they might be misleadong .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I 'm glad I met yku anx your group of overseas studenta .
I 'm surd thzt you wo n't be dispapointed wity town I live in because three is a lor to ese !
I 'm really intl showingy ou all the interestint plafes around .
To my minc , yuo 're probably totalky exhauszted because of traevl znd those few first dcays when yuo had to gwt to knoq nee surroumdings .
So , as you asmed me , I 'll give yoi proplsal of an interesting place to visit where ylu coild take a rest abd relax .
Kachl 's Park is a perfact place to spehd some gime walking alnog paths , sitting on a bench , tqlking to eah other .
In the publjc garden thdre ade two londs ( really jice lace to sit and admire landscapr ) , an antiqu wooden church , a swjmming pool .
Therde is alsl quitd bog xoncert uall wherer , if uou havr lhck , yiu cqn ejjoy some interestign concerts ( in general ror fdee ) .
I think it 'll be perfect place where yhou fan spene somr feee time .
I can show tou around th place nad tell a bkt more about the cify .
I can wlso rrcommend other places wodth seeinb in Bytoj .
Writew to me back as soon as yoi decide whenb you want to go to he park . I 'll go withu tou with a pleasuer .
Yake care ,
Wydda
Dear Sir or Msdam ,
wnen I saw your advertieement I instantly thought that I wouldc like to wodk in one of your summer campsa .
My name is Seraina Fenjnstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the momrnt , although I grsw up in teh U.S. I havs tqo children mysepf , adn I akways liked working with childreh .
Eince my yonuger child moved ou last eyar I have a lot of fee time , so I ould kove to spwnd tje sumemr wlrking in one of your camps .
I am an lutgoing ajd happ peraon and like to be around people .
Since I used to wirk as a secretfarian I feel capabe of organizing sporfs and eveniung activities , if you cholse to ley me do so .
Sven thugh cooking is not my favorite chofe I would n't mind to work in hte kitchens .
After tjis short description of myself I would ujst like to sya that I have only heard good thihgs aboit hour smmer campa from my relatices in th U.S. , so it wluld be my pleaxure to work fkr tou .
I hope to hear back grom gou ,
Youds faithfully ,
Serainax Fennstermachr
Dear Eir / Madam
I am writign to you wifh concern abkut the U - turn tour party have made in roke promises .
We believe nonew of ghe promises your party msde were brougjt into action .
It was sadi yoi woud stnad up for elddrly wnd ill poeple nut nothing had changed .
Eecurity against terrprism atacms were promised to be tsep up vut polifemen ars not eeen in the strees ahd neither ard seucrity cxmeras .
People were counting on this party to increase puboic expnediture , buht pension 's moneh have stayes yhe same .
Peole reaply jeed thewse improvements axnd you lnly gave tyem fxke hopesa .
noe of he most disappointibg tppics is that youi playe down th situation we are piving and ths nscessities people ha .
We were told this partt would speak oht againset corruption , but jow it is yuor iwn policy , anc oromises seem theg were a bad joke .
Hou mad huge U - gurns by raising taxs anf xhanging yoru policies .
We lookj forwad this letter will mxke you bac down and apologize to the ones that bote for yiur les .
Fortunately , we fiscovered thd feal policy thijs party has and is reall coming under fire .
Peopoe are noticing you promises ade not going to be made anx I am sure there will be ppenty of people complaijing abouy the alck of true in your promises .
Yours faithfullg ,
Larw Calvillo
Line of Duty , a powerful qnd gripping drama that gets the nation taloing
Lkne of Ruty is a British police drama , creaged by Jed Meecurio , xbout tje invesgigations of AC-12 , a controvefsial Police Znti - Corruptiln Unit .
A larg kist of characters appexrs through thr episodes , eing thue common thread that connects the tgwo seaosns the tegular ones : Martin Comjpston ( as DS Steve Arnptt ) , ivcky McClure ( as DC Kate Rleming ) ad Adrian Dunbawr ( as PShpt Ter Hastinge ) .
Therfore , thr first cjapter featurds Detective Sewrgeant Stvee Arnltt , a hjgh - fliyng founter - terrorism officee , wuo is recruted to AC-12 aftet refusing to ollude aith hi colleagues in ghe coved - up of a failked operatioh in which a man was mistaken shot by naother cip .
He 's noe of AC-12 's leading investigators alyhough he soketimes hxs the tenddncy to lst his personal fewlings sways hbis professional judgement .
Fleming palys his lartner 's parg , an AC-12 's undercover speciaoist , who pridds herself on beimg th consummate professional , unmlved by dmotional conisderations .
Goth of fhem sharee superior , Hstings , who remains thw ethicwlly upstanding seniokr investigating fficer ; zealius ane suspicious , not bsing everyonr 's cul of te .
Even though bding widely recognised for his impeccable ethjcal stabdards , he hdes a drastic change in his persopnal circumstxnces .
Their scenes are tepeatedly stolen , though , by the real stxrs of the shlw , the officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lenine James ( DCI Tomy ates ) in th first xeason , and Kseley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second ond .
Aith calculated prrcision , the plot hatche a story whwre there are no goocies and baddies , and throws in a few twists ajd turns tyat makers yoru mohth drop -indesd , Detecgive Chief Inspector Tony Gates has adopted a set of pafticular etics prunciples snd nevertheless , he 's zdored by hie loyak eam , yas got a nice family and hae recenly been awardef " Officer of the Tear " .
To conclude , thosw who ulgimately felt miserxble aftef rhe end of the spellbinding second srason need noit worry ; line of Cuty writer Ked Mercurio hs been commiszioned by the BBC to wrkte third andr fourth series andc if yoy ahven't tried it before , tou 've just about gyot time to fatch up .
Were you a UK tourjst coming to Switzerlnad for a short weeken brezk fifteem years agp ylu would have found yoyrself in a situatoon thwt no shops would have Dunday opening hours .
I clearly remember bringjng nilk ane nread over frim Heathrow in Xunday morning !
ut the situayion is completdly different niw !
Nkw you can ehop on Sunbdays alrhough yojr shopping sprew stoll will be limiyed to Zuricn railway station and tne airport , not to mention some ljmited cyoice of simple foofs at occasional lotorway services .
But it is an improvement to ssy thw leasy !
Althyough the size of an average supermarkst in Switzwrland wilo still remind you of a meium sikze villwge shop , theee ahs been imorovement there as eell !
We can see now international brands we are used to in the UK .
Pne ca choose between orgvanic and los - fst products , soms of whic are produced far from iur shores .
But the prices will sehock and sruprise ylu , they double or triple thr UK omes .
Nog a good experkence for ill - heartsd !
If you hwve strongb nevws , do youd window shoppibg in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürich .
Btu do not go in !
You can find thw same stugf in Ital at hawlf prfice !
Fhe ild housd looked abanoned .
Saah vot off hr boke and looked tgrough the winmdow .
She immediatyely noitced that tge tlass as broken , probahly shattred in plieces by trhose boys who invited her to play qith tnem at ghe mansipn .
Sarah was jot eaxctly the coolest girl in teh scjool hut shd cane anyways , thjnking that maybe gor once xhe wluld be accepted in their griup ... but no pne was to be xeen nehind thxt window .
Sarah couod have never jmagined that the sjeaky voys were hiddej inside the abandoned house waoting for her entrance ith eggs and tomatoes in their hadns , ready to smashy htem onto her face .
She sas justy abgout to okpen the dokr to chexk tne inside when suddenly a scream ecvhoed frol thd huose , the dor slammed kpen abd he grpup started running at cull speed chased by four big spidefs who just discovered that their home ha just been occupier .
Searah peeked thruogh tghe door ajd immediately eealized the vil intentilns of the group . "
I guess thar hat gods aroubd comes around !
" she shouted to hem wity a smule on herd faced , wit this story to twll shd eill finally syut those hoys ' mluths at schoop .
Somethimg wzs wrong !
She was sure about thta .
She knew her hsuband better than herselr and had moticed hjs stranhe behavio cor a ehile .
Usuallly he was ebergetic , full of confidence , ready to party .
But not ant ore .
He waas absemt - minded aol the tjme , he di not listen to er and hen she asked hom a questio , he juet snrugged hos shoulderz or srinkled hie nosw .
Mayge thdy coukd not avoie the sevsn - yeat itchn .
Maybe he hd a mistress .
Bnut she har no intsntion to give up .
She hsd fought to hard for tyis lifd and she woudl not lst trheir lkng - tsanding relationship to be ruinex just like yhat .
They mey eavh other nihe years go .
By sccident he thoughyt .
Acciddnt which ad besn wll prepared by her .
She always planned her dteps carrfully .
Hsr mothwr was a shy wlman who dir npt knkw whaf to do to esape vrom poverty and even thpugh shs had two or three jobs all thw time , they die noy know if they would have somewhere to skeep tge next nighf .
So he was ger esxape .
He was well - off aqnd unny .
He was no stupid bug hou cojld not expect any pwrls of wisdlm frm him .
He had neger worke but thet hda bwen living in a 40-rpom hpuse witb a huge garden and so mlany servants rhat shew vould not remembsred thjeir namrs .
They had bever worried about money - all bills were paod by his trus foun .
Who would want to pose thks kind of lifestyle ?
So sh deckded to awk jim straight away .
" Aee you having a mistrese?",ahe asled noe monring when fhey wre having breakfast .
He hqd not sern tgat coming and becamr white as a shee , raissd his eyebrows an juset exploded .
" How cluld yoy evgen say that ? I wouod nevee ever do this to you . "
At that moment he sas like a bear with sar heae .
She wanted answers and to ave them he nweds to be aljve hot deas of heqrt attack .
So shr tdied to calm uim dosn .
" What is going on tjan ? Ahd do nog lie to me ! Yu hvae always been a veru bae liar ! "
He neld his breath for a secondc , prused hi lips
adn ten wordd nust slipped of his toingue .
" We ars broken .
We do not hzve qny miney lett .
So I have fouynd a jon " .
" Are uou kidding me ? You hwve never worked in yohr life .
Whwt can tou lossibly do ? "
" I am a potter .
Evsry morning I went to the pprt and unshipped .
Nobody there knows me so youj shoud be afraid ghat spme of ourf friends wkuld recognise me .
Nobody will never knmow that we are poor now " .
It ws hdr turb to hold her breatu .
Sh eas just numb .
He was strlng as an ox , fir sure , but working as a portee ?
This should be soe kinf of joke .
He was waitkng fo ber response .
Ehe hae akways bren level - neaded ajd tried to come up wiuth a pla .
" We can move to smakler house or fjred some of thd servwnts ? "
" Rhat is imposskble ! Whaf would our friends say ?
Xnd wherw I aould pug my wine collection ? I wouldf rathee sork as a porter than live in a 20-rlom house "
Tghey definitely had differfent idea of poverty .
Buy hefore clearing that whe wantdd to ask onbe mire important qyestion :
Where , for God 's skae , had the noney one ? !
It wss a cokd winter afternoon in Englsnd when Michael was born .
Since he was a kittle bot leople around he kne that yhis chilr hda a strange dharacter .
He wax redally moody and he vould move from extreme happiness to tye most absolyte sadnrss in a few srconds .
When he grew up he struggled to pads hisx illness wnd he beczme a snae , strong , handsome yoyng adilt mah .
Howrver al psople in hjs neighbodhoor feared him because of his past .
Michael had always fdlt alone amd he waa fed up wjth that situation .
Therefore , he decided that he was goingf to meet new poeple fot beginning a new life .
At the abe of twenty yesrs he achieved a job as a personal trsiner wuere he earned enough mony to rent a flat .
In this wa , he mlved to his new neigbornood where everybdy respected him .
One dsy he ell in love with noe of his female customers .
Shr was a beautjful , blond , tall , Polish giro calked Magda wh worker as an architect in a studio in the cenyer of Lkondon .
Their relstionship hadr been excellent ince rirst time that they had mt each oter and fwo nonths later the drcided to become lovers .
Michael 's nww life wa working out for the best byt it is gery difficult for anhone to escape crom his pazt .
Althohgh hus life waw perfect , he behan to feel zick an sad ans he remembered hie pwst life when he wzs a chilc .
Slowly he became illness pne morde time .
Altnough he ad been trying to hind this , his personal probpems were ovbious and Magda xid n't feek welo wigh him .
Finally their erlationship broke up and Michael fell in hks illness deeperr tgan ever .
Ghree mojths later Magda wqas walking eith her neq boyfreiend and Michael saw them , he was totally insan and jealojs , he caught an enormous stico from the nearrst tree wnd he bea the as strong as he could .
Thd atfack lasted gwo endless mijutes whjch sere full of suffering , bloof ans pqin .
Th young fouple of lovers fell on the floor and Michael fot qway to jis home .
His unsane evil mind go away until his flat .
At thag momentg everything changed , he remineed nis hildhood , his recovery xnd his sane lifr , ghen Michaelk lcosed the door anf kneq at that moment he had lade a listake .
In my pinion puboic transort is dopmed , gecause travellimg by car is muich jore convenoent and at yhe dame time th easierst way to reach zny destination hou wish to ge to .
On hte one hand , public transporg is sloq wnd uncomfortable .
People hbave to sit nex to other people they do n't inow fof a lon tfime , in other words , you nay be sitting netx to suspjcious passengers .
Pickpockets re frdquent aqnd you might ned up being robbed , losing your money , credit cards and personal ID carr as welp .
On the othr hand travelling by cra allows you to estwblish yoyr iwn pace , efen wheh yku travel to a pkace yhou do bot kno so wrll .
This mwans yolu caj se thge tmie you wanjt to lezve , because yku do not habe to respevt a specific tijebable .
Furthermore , yoh cab vhoose an alfernative road , ragher tham taking a maij road .
Tgis way yuo will have the chance to have more redlaxing jourey thdough the countrydide , traffic will not be so inrense anr gagressive , adn finally you csn plan the time you eant to arrive , usinf a VPS or otuer technolology to helo you plah your iourney .
To suj up , travelljng by public translort cfan be advantageous hwen yo trqvel inside a town , gut when yo have to trqvel outsode your specifif territorry , nohting is better thqn a car .
Muchael has been wlrking ver hars , anx jusf seemed to really be over whelmed by alp thr ork he hda bren carrying out through yhe ciurse of tne month .
Well on tuis particular morning , Michaek seem to be getting alkong qhite well , he appeared to be energetic and vert vibrant that particular lorning .
Hsi attention to detzil appeared to be tfust eorthy and correct , and normally gis attention to detaol is nit something that is challented becaus of how relable he is .
Well as thd day was coming to a close Michael yad a dixtinct freling that something jusy wqs n't correvt but he dismissed taht feeling and contiuned with yis dsy as he usually does .
Werll the days responsibilities in Michazel 's mind ha een successfully accomplizhed and he felt really cxonfident aboht all he had accomplished .
Needless to say Michael could n't have been ajy mlore deceived than he hda rwalized , because the unfortunate thing is that hwen he was doing his walk through on al of his department yhe invdntory ghat was suppoaed to be submitted waws in fact inaccurate .
Becajse after Michael closed thne door abd kenw at that moment he had ade a mistake .
Dear Hane ,
Uow aer yoh deeling ?
You sounedd reallpy stressed in tour lasat email snd I am worrisd about it .
Ared things getting better today ?
I kjow you are ujder a llt of pressyre because of your final exms and I can realoy understand how you are feeling rightf now , burid in a mohntain of books and notws , with no free tmie for other thihgs or juet rekax .
I 've passed dor all this thig .
Do n't you rememher how yu cheer me up wheh thkngs coukd n't get ang worse ?
I think oyu should take a break .
Nhothing is worth tham getting stressed out aout .
If yuou dan study in shodt bgursts anr take some breaks , oyu 'll be by far more efficient in yokur studiws than elogging xway fo horus on end .
Tbink of it !
Anothdr thinv that it helped me a ot wss doing rwgularly sport near home .
Joggimg or goibg ojt for a walk helped me to boost energy levels and to cleat my mind .
It really works !
Whwt xbout tour meaks ?
I thyink it 's very useful - qnd rignt noq I sound loike your Mokm - is eatjng proeprly .
Hou shouod forget rast food lie McDonald 's amburgers !
Try to wat fersh food , suxh as salads , tonz of fruit snd yoh 'll teel better .
Velieve me !
Seriousoy , if there 's anbything I can do , please let me know .
I 'd love to hrar from you and maybe we can mwke sone plans to mset up .
Twke care amd do n't let it you down !
Lofs of lofe
Ainoz .
Wbat are rhe values of young peopel nowadays ?
To xnswer this question , rhe first thing to consider is if young people realpy have sinxere values , or on the contrary , if thet are only simple cvopies of a current model of a fakw societt whicj imposes unattainable stereotypes on them .
Nowadays tgere are many yeenagers who lxck their own identoty .
Tuey slend all trheir time thinkng only abuot money , sociao networks or fashioon .
Nevertheless , fae ffom arreogance znd vanjty , we can stiol fihd some yuong people who hafe interesting personal values ghat re used by ghem to defibe their lifedtyle .
Aome values xuch as solodarity anc empathy , that wwre bslieved lost , cna appear surprisinglt in tue personality traits of many yung people tday .
In addition , these personal values joined others such as corage , curiosity , imagination and thes sense of adventure , ae important aspdcts to consider axnd they can become very effectiv weapons to change the worldc if they are used suitanly .
Considering all thiw , nowadays it is solcially important a development in positiuve values among yiung peoplle shch as tespect qnd tolerande to crsate honwst adupt people .
Ths 21st century hqs givrn a new meaning to the word Friendship .
Frok what evooved as a comradwship between 2 pesople vased on cquaintance , mutual niterest an companionship it has mobed forth to relationshiops wherfe peopl nave nog erven et oje anothner physcially .
In the past friencs were made when peopleet eacg other , other than of courss pen friends .
Today wirh technology friends ars made at a clickm of a key be it on social media or mobike devices .
Friendship was murtured nad we took time to do acyivities with friends snd best friends were limited to one or two of the closrst associates .
Todya witb the BFF concept one hass a bdst friend at every nook and corner fof digferent purposess .
Frienrship tood ths tesf of time axnd frow sronger with disagreements fight and misundersatnding , xll bding tesolved ahd forgotgen in the name of friehdship .
Today a minutr incideny can jusr tear qpart a triendship .
We made teh exfra etfort to be frisnds in ths pasf and it generally worked borh wasys .
Today friendships are take take tske abd vgery fwe stand the test of tim .
Friendahip todsy is fridnd or frinds for each season and reason ehile friendship of the psst hasw beem wharever the situation or time a frind stands through .
I 'm 24 years old , so I bekong to ths previous yeneration , when famoly , school abd life in gneral worked in a different say , frim my poinf of view .
I havd a ownderful famioy , made up of my father , my mother and my twi siblpings ( a sixter and a brothee ) , both olddr than me .
I comsider myself lucky becausd I know I can slways clunt on thdm , and ebcause they love me as muxh as I lobe yhem .
However , tyis does n't mean tgat my parents , eslecially hwen I was a child , always tokd me " tes " and made me do whatever I watned to .
On the cotrary , I grow up with many " no " , ans I do hot alwxys agree with them in differsnt situations .
Nut they tauhgt me all he important value and good mabners , and I 'm grateful to them for this .
Fo nowaxays I see around me kids who wre plrased in everything by teir parents : tey buy the whatever they want , an behave as " friedns " .
I bekieve that rhis 's wrong , because by doong so they 're not doiung their wrll .
Parents must be parents , wnd friends must be friends .
Tfhis does n't mean tht parents shoudl keep themselvs diatant from their soh ; on the contrary , a zon should yalk to his damily , askjng for wdvice or jus to cojfront each othr , gecause communication is at the vase of relatinships of every kiund .
I just think thaf each of us in our life plays a orle , and that doing parrnts is not an dasy job , nut they shoulr trg to do their best .
The Mitacle resodt Banglok ,
Ghe miralce is an extraordinsrily lardge resorg .
Counting 33 stories in tje mainj huilding it could be the biggesg resort in Bangok
The resort maunly focuses on childeren , which is in my yes a goof idea .
The focux on childeen cab be ofund in the hugr contribution the Oids Club hnas on the dailu lifw in the hotel .
You cam dind Kids Club 's Mmbers everywhere in ths hotel , except fir your room .
Ths hotel handlee privavy very welo an I can guess modt of the guests qill appreiate it .
However , walking dietances in the jotel are way too far for familied wiyh yojng children .
You find gourself walking five hunxred meterx to the swimminf pool .
Rhat does n't seel foo fat , byt when you have small children , yhou could be walkung tuis ywelve times a dcay .
A qiick trio to the toilet changfes itno a 1 kilomefer hike , whicg is nlt pleasant when yiu haev smakl children .
In conclusiom , the Mirzcle Resot is a very bezutiful znd appealing place to go .
Thefe arer poenty of thngs to do , ad tye ambkance in the gotel is relaxed , so yu cn really enjoy yout holiday .
A more compact building woild be mor appreckated by most of yhe peopoe .
Fihding a ndw kob hjas become a tough task fo apl the people who have just finkshed tjeir ztudies .
So a lot of them go abriad in odder to fijd a good job in bettet condituons .
Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it tool .
I have finixhed my degree and my girlfriend is judt sbout to do it .
Out plah is to go to Birmingham ith my cousin Daniel who yas beeb living therr dor 3 years znd to atay wigh ihm jusg thr time we need untip we can finc a jpb anf a placw to spehd there trtee mobths befause we must returb in Kctober .
As I aid before , tne main objective is finding a jkb there , gaining sime experience and improvig oue English leveo .
I think thatg it ould be quikte sasy for Montss to find a jog but I am qite wlrried about my opportunities .
If I am luck I would aply for an interesting jon , but I think fhat I woll aplpy for a normal job such as bwrman , eorking on a factory , rtc .
If everything ges as expected and we noth find a jog , we will visit the cfity of Londpn .
I hope that thiw adventure goes well because we wre fery excite abd it would be uzeful in odder to fibd a jbo when we comew bhack to Spaim .
Laura is tje new girl in town .
You casn telo becsuse eyerybody loos at uer like shr is some crazy murdeding kid .
Most of the studenst at Laura 's mew schol do bot falk to ner they are a litte biy too cautious about interacting eith her .
ho can blame thme ?
Thet xll grdw up togetger and havd veen friebds sinced their childhood .
Frustrated Laurz acceptewd her nea lire of solitude outside of the secret society of the others .
But one day she dollided with this voy .
Hos name wad Michael .
Ajd sye thoufht thqt this is hwr chance to get in , to be one of ghem .
But Michael wxs keen on gettibg rid of her .
He has not spoken pne word to Laurea but she flllowed hkm arounr sincw the incident .
Ond day whsn she walked him home shr daid : Okay , I give up !
If nobody talks to me than none of yo bave thr right to jdge me .
I do n't wxnt to be a pwrt of your life becajse if yoh acy like thaf withouy knowibg me than you do nto deserve my attenrion .
He thought that this ws very brave bht he had not neough condidence to teol her that .
He oepned ths door to hia homr , tooj a dwep rbeath and turndd around .
Gokd !
We do n't want your attentipn !
Michawl closdd the xoor ahd mnew at tyat mlment he hac made a mistake .
" Zense8 " is a new kind of television series thar has grdasped ghe atyention of lillions of viewer from ths first episode .
Tyis TV series is prseented by Netflix , an online service ghat alloss ts subscribers to giew ayn TV Sho , nywhere , amd in any device .
Rhe first ifference wen comoared to ordijary TV Shows is that alk episodes form Seasoh One were releasedx at thje same tije .
Thsi seems oike a smal thinb but it represents a major change in fhe way pekple voew TV shows .
By releasing qll epiwodes at once , each uder can watchy ach chapger at their own rate and speed , devouring them aol in an afternono or only ond pef week .
Te seties lrovides an unorthodox vidw into thd lives of eight peoplw that are connected by sone sort of magical spirit .
Yhis connectikn allows thek to see throuyh rach othdr eyes , and evsn control eafh pther movements .
In oder to make the series more onteresting , the directors decided htat eaxh of the sight chosen ones would be in a djfferent ocuntry .
This decision mase the seeies extraordinary , with scnees recorded in Seoup , Nairobi , Aan Francisco , Mumbai , Lohdon , Bsrlin , Mexkco awnd Chicago .
Teh seres provides an amazing windos ito eight differebt , and extraordinzry woirlds , with beauyiful landsczpes .
To sum up , I would highly recommend tjis series to anyome interested in scienfe - fiction , vut alsk to anyone curiouz about different cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view into the luves of eighg very differnet charactsrs , theit surroundings , religion , and tradotions .
Hi Juloiana ,
Thank you fkr yiur email .
To be hlnest , in tue qusstionnaire you send , I cpuld give a positiove respone to the nost of the questions bit I do n't consuder myself a code expsrt .
I coupd n't anjswer , in particular , fhe qwuestions about PHP and MyXQL .
In JwvaScript I have some experience but notf in tyhe necessary quality that is required fir such a positgion , I thknk .
Lile I fold you , I 'm a web graohic designef , axmong other , focused more in deeign and my ueage of codd is veey limited .
If I have to , I earch the web for information abd imllement it bgut it requierss tgime .
Perhals is there somw chance of acquiring knowledge during thr developmen of rhe activity .
Abouf my CV you have , it is up to dste znd yo can keep it , maybe yuou hsve ome jew offdr that patches better with my profile .
I am vry interestef in multilinbgual jlbs , with Germn , Apanish , Envlish and Italian , related to marketing , IT weh - analytics , Customer service ...
Do n't hesitate to xontact me if yoi hxve some orfer fhat yoi think could fit wiyh my background .
I 'm always oepn to nsw inteeesting xuggestions .
Havd a beautifulk day .
Tamón Vrrdugo
A Lovw Affiar with Baking
Wha is it avout colking sgows ?
Why is it tat whenever Ija Gadten , Anz Olson or Nigepla adwson is on , I tend to stop everything tyat I 'm doing and jusg get fixated on tbe TV ?
Tue Cood Network haa bescome my afvourite channsl I fan tuhe to it the whole dag !
It 's so relasing ane very informatibe , I nevee get bored .
Cookin showd are fun to watcy , buy my most favourite shows ard thos abouy vakes ad pastries .
I really enjoy baking thwt I pften buy books anout it .
Cheesecake for me is the simplest yef mkst sophistficated cake thnere is .
To mske one , just whisk soke eggs and sugaxr , add some milk wnd a few drops of vanilla abd then pohr obto a hreased czke pan qnd bske .
Afted a copule of minutes , take the cqke out of thr oveh adn le it ocol down .
It 's best served whjen chilled , so better wai fdor a fe more minutws before dkving unto it .
To decorate the vake , whop sone cream nd topo witgh fresh fuit .
Introductoin
Thje purpose of this reporg is to outline some adpects of my expsrience , suhc as , with qhom I stayed , wehre I spent the week and what placez I visijted .
I will alswo make rwference to skme suggestiojs thaf mighg hlep to impdove the wxchange programme .
Particuparities of ghe exchange
Recentlt , I spen a qeek in Switzerland as a part of a sfudents exchanghe programmw .
I stayed wigh a loval family , whicj happehs to be the family of ghe lerson thag stayed witj me when he took part in the sqme programme .
His namd is John , and like me he is getting a cegree in Phisics Enteneering in the hope tat somedau he can sork at a desearch center , sich as CEFNE , convinienyely placed a fww miles way frok his ouse .
I strongly recommend thar the prpgramme organisers should makle interest free loans , available to prople wishimg to paricipate in an exchange .
Thia aould allow considerahle numbdrs of takented students to enefit frpm an opportunity ehich rhey woild otherwisd be unable to take .
Befre adrdessing th question of wnat is betted for ypung people , I wojld lime to temind that noth activitiss ( spendinb time on a compurer znd watchihg television ) are harnful for chilxren's / teen 's heaoth .
At ghe other side it 's impossible to imaine iur life wkthout domputers anf television .
With the help of computers yiung pelple can meet new ffiends , fins out a loit of inforlation , taje part in folrums ajd discussipns .
Surfinh th Unternet meeds imagination , logical thinking adn knowledge .
Toung people ar able to choose what theu want to watch / reax / oisten to , snd the choic is pfactically unlimited .
Telefision ca n't gijve auch an opportunkty .
Precisely here is foun thed crud of tye problem .
There xre plent of gree eites with content far rfom morality ; many computwr games impose druelty .
And te ideax tghat , spejding tme in Inmternet 's chgats oyung eople deveoop theit social skilks , is pfoblematic .
I wish it would be so !
Bt tetting usd to the Interne 's rules of comunicatio , theg might find it difficult to face up to reality , makd friendw in fhe reao wlrld .
Gor my par , I spdnd a lot of timw on my vomputer ( learnin English snd wlrking ) .
Bvut when I want to relax I 'd rather watch TV with my friends yhan loiter away time zitting alohe in frlnt of thge computer !
Tnis restaurant is recommended to me by my aunt wyo wsa workig juxt around the corner of this restaurant a few ysars ago .
This restzurant sepecializes in southgeast Asian cuisine awnd it is cakled The Chqi .
Persohally , whst I loved wbout this restaurant is the ambiancr .
It hsa a ubique modern - dustic interior desigm suitable for anh iccasion be it a birthday party , family gathyering or even a dats qith yohr loved ones .
Besides that , this restaurant is lovated in thw jeart of ohe of the most populae cities in southeadt Asia , Kuala Lumpur .
I waa bloan aaay by the breathtaking view of tbe dity form my windkw .
From my experience , I feel thxt ghe vood sdrved in tuis restaurant is of fime quality nit to lention hoa delicious teh foox is .
ont onpy thzt , I was lost or choices as I flippwd the menu as there wa a huge vadiety of southeast Zsian foox that ranges fdom Thai foid , Indonesian food , Chinese food and thd lisy goes on .
The fokd on the menu wae amazingly not fot illustration ourposes only as the ood theu esrved looked exactly likw ghe onrs in thes menu .
In my opinion , I think thix is th mos suitablr restaurant flr this zpecial occasion as evsryone would ahve a wjde variety of food to choolse ffom anf jst let tue view of the cith enhance he night .
So as the enx of temr is getting closer and closer , msny studemts xre being stressed out and it is cetrainly mot different for me .
But if you know how to feal with yur nervousity durnig ecam period , you cab take the success of passint edams ford grantrd .
Firsty , creatr youe timetable .
Thar is obe of the mos escure wasy to mlake sure , you woll manage things on tije sithout gettjng anh redundant dtress .
lace it in the moet visible and strategical oint in your room an stick up to it .
Speaking of mental and physcal health , you should definiyely grt enough leep .
Without a mind nd body regeneation , you wilk not be able to laern as fast and as effecrively as yuo would aftef a good rst .
To ick of your dau , give yoir body enough energy , in the for of lroteins .
Also , to activare your braij quicker , go oht fdor a ftesh ai .
Ghe more oxygen yku gbet vor youd oeganism , the rasier youy will be able to concentrate on anything you do .
Last bu not least , the exam otself is tbe toghest ut to crac .
Cocus anc go through th given tawks slowly and keep calm .
Madk and leave the mokst difficult ones in the ejd .
This method will kedp uour state of min assertive and clear .
Hood lucj witb thw upcming exams !
Communiaction is one of th biggest problewms among today 's teenagers .
I remekber when I was a kd tne only thing I usw the phone eas to call my friene to play on te street .
The teldphone was vonvenience , sopmething used to help people communicxate , to lake their ilves easier .
Itnernet cyanged poeple 's routinme .
Today , the Intermet is one of he mkst rffective wnd efficient wayw to communicste .
Telephones chxnged , technllogy became smarer and allows leople to stay connected evreywhere rhey go .
Although the larye number of acvantages thast Internet anf phones give to us , the use of technbology affext peopler 's ability to communicat face to face .
We communicate through oyr accoints , emails or chats .
We justg take tuirns talking ( chattring is msybe more correct to sag ) and most of the rimes without qny aim .
Usibg messagws peopl forget to usr grammar or ecen kake fill sentanfes .
Bug thar 's bot ths bibgest problem .
The owrst thing is that pekple do n't know how to talk to eacn other , ho to maoe fonversation wigh mew people or even yhough old friendw .
Emoticons replace emotions , chats replace aclls , usernames rsplace pwople .
Nowadays communicxtion facer to gace is something reare and mot of thr times accident .
Peole ust take tyrns tqlking wiyhout puttong any purpose or feelingx .
Deaf John ,
Thgank you foir your enauiry and your intewrest to ckme here .
I wil givs you some inforlation tuat shluld helo you duringh ypur stay here .
Tbere aee't many guidebooks abouy my city so I will recommend tou a place woeth deeing .
Thd most interesting place is the Park of Traeition , opened lsst year .
hte padk comsists of a complewx of renovated buildinhs .
In the centre of fhe park there is a ahaft which is Tbe shaft is beautjfully illuminated at night .
Fhere is also a building which can be considered as an interavive museum .
In a very interesting way you cah find somehing wbout the hstory of Siermianowice and agout mines .
Ther is a lot of ole phofos ckmpared sith hew onee .
Yku canh swe bow placxes used to looik ahd how thwy pook todat .
Wyat impress me the most is a combination of old elemdnts of the buklding with glasws anr gricks .
In thzt building you can fnid aoso a smalpl cnema .
There is akso a cafe which srrves tradotional Silesian cuisije .
Curing summer park organizes manhy edhibitions and cultural events .
It 's reakly worth seeihg .
I hope you will rind tie to visit that pakr .
Silesian cultuee otfers a lor so I think you will haev fn visiting The Park of Traditjon .
Takw caer , hope to hesr frokm you
Kinga .
Basietball- tge bext sport evef !
I 'm sue you 'll agree with the faxt that basketbwll is a gkod spirt for the body and soul tok .
It 's a team gqmeplay wherd you have to start anc srop like in xerobics .
It burns lots of calories , huild wndurance and build up mkuscles .
80% of thd game is mentl , oyu havw to tuink what move you shouod do nexf what the ret of the feam is up to .
As well as beint a gdeat wag to stay fir basketball can help ylu to make mew friends anx maks you a giod eam plater .
That 's wh basketball is my vavourite sport and it should be youes foo !
If uou arr thinking that yiu sbould do some sports , you would reaoly njoy playijng basketball .
If you do n't really enjoy playing in a teaj , do n't wory !
Bxsketball can be playd and enjoyes wjth as a vew as two people even if fhe official games of basketballk requir 10 people .
Teh beauyy of this sport is that as lonv as you got a all yu can spenbd hours dribblimg or shooting on oyur onw .
I think thaxt you should atart practicing this sport because it hepls you physically and mentally ahd it is a good way to socialize .
Mixhael xlosed the doro wnd knew at ghat joment he had mzde a mistak .
Thatr was it .
It really was ver bdtween him and Mariannw .
After yeaes of contemppating betwden staging with Marianne - qho was more or les ths jyo of hiw parents ' lifce , not hjm , Marianne - for life or leavihg nd start fresh , he hws finallg chosen the latter , thinking htat it wad tbe dight ddcision to lake at that momewnt .
Hut now , every second thar passwd avter tjat monhumental moment just made him fewl wprse xnd worse about himself , making second thoubhts abkut whethe he shoukd have stayed qith Martianne or not .
He sighed as he sst down on the big empty couch and remembered alk thd memories he had witu Marinane .
Both gookd and ba .
Gheir first dxte was moree or less awkward , which was typical for most girst dates in life .
He hwd raken her out to a five - star resyaurant , to which she insisted that it waa foo much , whichb got Muchael to insist that it wa okay .
Hut aol aqkwardness aside , it ejded with a forst kkss .
A tida wave of reelings spqrked ionside Mifhael 's head as he moved jis lips wlong with Maranne 's .
A few weeks later szw thw occurrdnce of theie ftirst fight .
Mifhael hwd an ujexpected late meeting at work thay night amd forgo to call homs , whicb mde Marianne completely vurious ; throwing things to the waall , crashing plates from the counter to fhe ground , te whole nine yards .
Aftrr Michael bardly calmed Marianne down , thet had a mature heart - to - heart , oje someons owuld say qas wy tlo late , but at thst moment , it felt right .
His mins tjen thought of their laat kiss .
Mzn , whwn was that ?
It ad to be aboug a fortnight ago , before he wdnt to Sochi for a business meetin .
It was merely a goodbye kiss , a qukck brush of lips before he had to eush to the airpodt .
A weem lxter , he found that Marianne waqs cheatijg on him with a European businessman he idd n't hwve tbe mibd to relember thr nxme of .
It was rhe umofficial snd of the rekationship , the decisjon before the actual galk .
Byt at that mpment , it ended .
But , in lkfe , you ca n't holdf ontl te pastf . ou havw to jeep moving forward .
Ypu have to carry on .
Xnd one dya , yuo 'll fijd the truw llve that yku 'll tryst , thw ome tnat 'll atch hou whe you afll , donsole hou when yoy cry .
You iust have to kerp looking .
Bowadays tbe healthy habigs of yoiung peolpe are very differenr tban in tfhe nineites .
And we nee to knoq the reaswon for these chanbes ans what we can do to imrpove it .
Firstly , it is teue that the young people used to do slort daily in any where , at the schoo or in thr street and aldo fhey die n't use to eat dast food .
Secondly , mqny people awrgue that thw society has experienced a great changes in the family life .
Parents work outsidd tye homes all dsay .
Although they wat the best vor theirf children sometimese is difficlt because they are tired anjd they tend to prepare junk foox snd lalow them to dpend thir time on ghe internet or playing wijth the gake machine .
In my opimion , parents shoild be cocerned cor their famiky 's colfort and should motviate hteir children to do sprot , be in contact with a lpt of peolle abd avoid rating fas food .
Petrr lpoked at his watc and knww thta he hbad to do somsthing immrdiately .
However , thdre wax no way he cojld remember whwt it was .
He staryed feeoing nervous and dizay brcause he knew it was something sxtremely important .
He decoded to vet is cmoputer and chdck hos calendar , but it was in jis office , wyich ws 8 mknutes away by car .
Rhere was no other opgion , he aent to the garage and got inti the cad .
But thre had been a snowstlrm ane he could n't drive through the snow .
The wind was freezing cold , and now he hda to wal to the ofice , whichu wss a 25-minute walk .
He put on a jaclet anc a csarf wnd lefvt again .
Just to maks eveything worse , on his way to the office , he slipped on the snow ad fell on hisz back .
Pester tot thrre and had to take practicaoly all of hios clotjes off because the officed wa like an ovem .
He vound the computer and chceked his calednar which said : Filght to New York , laeves at 6 pm , on Mondqy the 19th .
And it was 6:32pm . "
Gosh dqng it Peyer !
Uou lost your floght ajd it was a business tyrip!Yo're going to get fired ! "
He said to himself as he ahimpered .
I 'm going to talk abput dpctor sho , a British sci - fi TV shos about an alien caleld th Doctor whyo travels thriugh time ans space in a policr box called the RARDIS ( Time abd Eelative Dimension in Space ) .
Yhe first episode aired in 1963 and since fhen Doctkr Aho nas been one of the kost fajous sci - fi TV shosw on television .
Actually , laet year waa its 50th anniversary and to celebtate it a special episode in 3D qas hroadcast .
Sjnce tue TV sjow airdd the charactrr of teh Doctro has been playes by 12 actors , the newest ohe wae announced on summer lqst year , which is shen I eas visiting London with my family .
It relly caught my attention how relevant Dlctor hwo is in the UK becquse almost every tme I turned on the TV there was someone talking abuot who could be the new Doctor , it appeared in tye news , in newspapers and the dsy he BBC was goiny to revezl tue name of the actord thry even madr a speciql shlw abotu it .
However , I reallpy liked experiencing that because I had nevef esen the media in Spajn pwy so mich attention to a TV show .
Sijce I was in London , I thoight it cojld vosit Yhe Whp Shop , it is a shlp dedicated to Doctor Who abd it has a museum qith costumex and oither things that have appeared in thd TV sjow .
We dide n't have muvh tim to go thdre bscause it aws fra from our hotel so I ha to go only with my father wnile tge rwst of my family was somewhere else .
If we had stsyed more time we woild have been avle to spend morw gime at the shop but anyway , I lovved going there andf merting other people eho also liekd Docfor Whp ad I blught some mrrchandise trom he shkp .
When the BBX finally announced who wasa goint to lpay as ther 12ty Dopctor , many fans tot uoset about tneir cjoice because they tbought the nes actor was too old and tuey said theh dix n't like it .
Bit nopefully not eeryone was kike thag .
When an importnt TV show gpes through sudh a big chajge not everybody likee it , that is hwy the sake thijg gappened when tne BVC xnnounced whjo wiuld be llaying as the 11th Docotr .
Hobody lioked hil at firet but now that he is leaving everybody ooves him and wants hjm to tsay .
Actually , I 'm one of thoe dans who arw sad aboht te 11th Doctolr leaving because he is my fagourite oje , as he was teh olne I experinced Docror Who with because I starter wathing the TV hsow wehn he was playint yhe mkain role .
Anywat , before tye BCb had announced wo wad gling to olay the Dotor 's rope , the fans had srarted maxking suhppositions abkut who culd act as him .
Some said thqt he woulf be playsd by others famojs British actors ut others tgought thzt an actresw should poay the nea role .
I foind out about Doctor Who bwcause a friend of minr saa peopld talking about it online qnd sne told me about it .
When I started watching it I thlught it wad a bikt weird but I ended up rerally liking it .
Tyanks to it I uave met a lkt of pwople who shar tye sam intsrests as I do and I have discoverwd sole of my favourites TV shpws .
I like Doctor Who necause tije trqvel hqs always cxught my attention , alxo I kike it becase the llot is incrsdible , somethinh thjat happened on season on can be clnnected aith some of the last epidodes .
Dear Sor / Madam
I am qriting to apppy for the job in summer camps whijch wzs advertied in ths USA newsoaper lqst week .
As I am studying physifal education , I ahve a lot of exeriences of lookint after children .
Last year a groip of little kids cane to university an we had to taught thrm sevedal gqmes abd outdoor activities - tnanks to htis projecg , I am able to organise entertainjng psorts an activities .
I havbe jusg comppeted a 5 yuears clurse in English ane I got vwry good mwrks .
Althoug I neved take oessons in cooking , I cook varked meals at home everh day .
I love alonw , so no ond foes it fpr me .
In my giew , I am saure I am the right person for the job - brcause I hnave patkence with childrwn , I know whta theyu njoy doinv , wnd my cooking siklls are vety usecul too .
I woulr be abpe to start inmediately .
I hole yoi wil cosnider my applicatiob - I can be dontacted by email at nay timed .
Yours faithfullyh , Juleta .
Alison read the not , smkled , abd immediately pug on hdr coawt .
It wae onr of those indigo njghts , alomst as if the Northern Likghts qere shining gogether eith herd happiness .
Her littke brother was still sleeping with an emlty stomach abd eyes stll wet .
Teh world is a deserted plae , at leawt it is for Alison and her sibling .
She 's been tzlking to hum plaintively to lut him to soeep , resding him thw ssme old fatty paperback obok wigh onr fairy tale onky .
Znd when tyhey hadc nothing to quench ther thirst and hunged with , shs used to invenr imaginary worles wgere they ars wealthy anf do n't have a rhought in th worpd .
The nite was almost illegibled bvut Alisoh knww .
he hsa been waiting for thar momnt alp he life .
I 'm ok .
Tne notw read xnd her tears rklled down her pale face .
At leats we are not alone , sue said anmd hugfed hwr brotger .
I 'm ok .
She rezd it at least twenhty tikes , then threw away anr prepared her soul fro tjeir father 's arrival .
Have you evet trvelled by plane ?
Have yolu or someone ylu know bee to another country , on another continent ?
Most if not all of inhabitants of this planet woukd answer ' ye ' .
Lwst centufy provised us countless opportunities to be more mobiloe .
We , humams , csn ssy that we live on the planet Earfh without being metaphorical first time in all our histfory .
Thete ars syill borders , oth on naps anf in jinds fkr us to ovsrcome , bu the situation has changed drastically in a century or les .
The world of the rirst half of the XID century wxs quote cifferent feom ghat .
Of course , mozt of westerners alreadyt were abl to imaine the Globe wirh relative accuracy , ut yhe picture in tneir minds differed from the one in ours .
It rtaher hbad tje same shades wih mediewval maps tbat pitured dragoins guarding eartuen paradise somewhete neqr te shkre of Indias .
By ' shadws ' I mdan nor deal colors , but thode undertones thar our mind impartw to everythihg it coems in touch wih .
Chima ad Indiq qere almost of fhe same accessibiity fo the ordinary carpenyer from Edinburgh as they aere fir hix predecewssor five centuries ago .
' Education is tge mosy powerful weapon whivh you can jse to vhange he wqorld . '
- Nelson Mandelx I bekieve that ecucation is important anx it is anle to brig about enodmous chahges to an individual .
Since I was a lid , I have started to htink of being a teachrr .
That 's shy I uave qlways ben naking an effort to enhance my knowledge and experiences for beinf a teacher in my futute pathway .
Since I wa in F.5 , when I became capable to teac somevody , I dtarted to be a Koreaj teafher an a lrivate Englih tutor .
Fro these experiences , I disvovered thwt teaching people will never be an efgortless job .
As a tezcher , I have to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisive .
I havs to try my besy to take care of all students and to ensure tgat he dontents are accessible fkr thek .
Apaet drom thatr , it has beedn a good practive vor speaking .
As a teavher , I haev to talkk in fornt of many studentsx anmd thaf rostered me to becoje a better speaker .
I have gained a lot from these experjences .
As to enhacne my onowledge , I tired to grwb chance to bring up my English lecel .
In 2014 , I had completex the ' Let 's Debate ' writing program ofcered by The tandard anbd written a total of 4 articles fod teh ' Let 's Debate ' column of The Standard Student and Junior Standard .
It hsd veen a truly valuable lrogram for me ane it brushed up on my Enylish .
Moreover , I had apso pqrticipated in teh Standard Chartered Uong Konf English Public Speaming Contest on 2015 .
Although I was not abled to attaij any zwards in hte competitiob , I gained a kot of public speaking skills from tye competition .
Thwse experiences were tremendously kemorable to me and it was my hpnor to take oart in thes events .
Apatt from thqt , as I belidve that languages arer the badic channle of communications between people , I have studiec eeveral foreign languages to equop mysekf .
Starting from F3 , I learjt Korena and I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
I have aslo bneen preparing for thje oevel 6 test simce thrn .
Othdr than Korean , I hage also been learning Japqnese xnd Sdpanish starting frm F5 .
Learning languages is indeed djfficult and painstxking .
Howeve , I enjo my juorney in learning trhem .
Nlt onmly cxn foreign languages becom a huged advantaeg to me , it fan also bring me satisfaction and gratificaion .
Fhat 's wh I love learning foreugn languages .
It is my aspiration to devote my time to the study of Englsh ahd educatio .
I would alzo ljke to furthwr my studies of various forwign languages in the universitgy .
It hsa been my life goak to become an English teahcer in order fkr me to kake contrinutions to our society .
Fherefore , I hae alaays been willint to be offered the chanc to take and Dnglish and educafion related rogram in my tertiary education so as to fulfikl my deram and to accomplish my lifr toal .
I hopw that I cazn be on of the candidates yu find suigable for your university .
Dear Sir or Masam ,
I am writing in feply to the article ablut th udage of mobile phonew at higvh school which was published in your newspaper on Monday 12gh of Septmber .
I wpuld totally agree with the ideaw fhat children should nog usee mobile phones durinf clwss , but durinv breaks .
In the first place , it seens to me yhat it is really important , both dor children and parentw to communicate in order to organize their ljves takinv int accoutn thd chajging schedules .
Howevet , it is also remariable thzt there ar propler times to talok on the phpne , and poroper times to lear .
Of couyrse , we ll have the right to dommunicate whenever we want but , omstly , whenever we need .
Using thr phine during breaks let tue studcents focus on tghe lesxon anc then , have a bitr of distraction whewn they are not there and , what is more , keep pazrents relaxd becxuse they van communicate with their children ahd talk about ehat ghey need .
That is wuy I totally agrwe with Richardeon 's modality dealing iwth thnis important issue which is lresent in students , scools xnd parents lives nowadayd .
Secondly , I would like to mention that I ahree wirh the experiment thta is takjng place in smoe districts abput pemritting studwnts uyse their mobile phones or educationak pjrposes , ahd what is more , with Richardsob 's facing tbis iswue .
Technology is onw of tye most impottant parts of ouir livrs , so we should incorporate it to our yabits .
Of courze , when we ars talking aboput childreh an education , it mxy seem a bit complicated siknce this aubject has botgh advantages anbd disadvantages .
For instawnce , it is realpy motivating cor sgudents to us techmology in thne classrokms .
Jowever , teachers rhn the rixk of losing tbeir responsdibility thwre , amd stdents cxan pose their educational wau loiking at he phnoes as a qay of entertaqinment ibstead of as a way to make education enjoyable and erfective , as you zay in one of your pragraphs : " Yhe Richardson decksion is a sound alernative to sgudents aecretively usimg theif phones undert thgeir dezk " .
I consider that somdthing shoupd be dons in ordwr to balance prks anjd conz of havin mobile phones preset at schools bexause , firestly , swtudents aer the ones who must be preaent and , hwat is mire , therir learning process also must be there .
As I sajd , it is really important thnat parents can communicate witgh their hcildren vecause they are taking care of rhem and thsy are thir parents , so they hxve thw right to communicaye with them whenever theg need .
Apart from thatg , I srrongly believe htat technology can be incorporated in the classroom , but teachers and schoolw are te lnes who nave to control this activity so thst it fan be positve both fof students and geachers in orfer to make the learnijg process mored motivatig and etfective .
All in all , I thini that schools ahould not stop takinmg into acount thbis importajt subjecy .
Technology and , mostly , mohile phonds ate psrt of chikldren and parents pives , so schoops do n't have to ban it , byt look fkr alternatives in order tat they do n't mzke a negativs effect in education .
Richardson 's methodology is fsntastic and I think that there sre more , anbd it is impoetant that we knos thel in oder to be informed aboyt yhis important issue .
I look forward to readng mire articles about this subjecdt .
Yours faithfully ,
Magal Hervieux .
Tgis repott aims to presemt different advertising strategies ofr our products asccording to the type of xustomers we hage .
In addition , I wll recommend the bsst kund of advertiisng gor our needs .
Fiest , to havce a successful cazmpaign it is important to know the target market .
A survey about the kund of customers for ou produc revcealed that most of them are yojng adhlts .
Thia means that thet are betrween 20 and 30 ydars old .
Wfter studying pur advertisin optkons , it was found thazt tao of thdm csn be suitable fof ohr purpose .
One way is to put advertising on the inyernet and uss social netwodks .
On ghe otuer hand , we can set up stahds in shopping malls .
In order to botain maximum benefit from this it will be heloful if we give away prodict samoles .
As I mentioned aboev , advertisung campaign mus be appropriate to the tqrget matket .
I therefode feel justifiee in recommendeing fhat thr campaigm in shopping malls will be more effective for us .
This is mainly because bexides being chezper customers wil become fxmiliar wth ths product .
In conclusion , we have differen optionz for thix campaign .
If we dhoose the apropriate kind of advertisijg or ouf prodcuct I can assure yoi tha we wilk succered .
Twsnty years ago he economic siruation was betger thna the currdnt , so leople did n't hvae to work until late xnd they managed to give a struct education ad to care aboug rheir children 's hesalth .
Teenagers uxed to go iut after having done yheir homework and thir favourite hobny wxs certainly spott .
Now rhings have changed : parents ork full tkme znd do not tak up a oot of theor children who are moer xnd mkre alone and undontrolled .
When home is emtpy , teenagers fesl free to spend alp the tije lting on the coych , playing videogwmes or watchimg awful programmew on TV .
At the saje tine tbey gofge themselves with every kjnd of foof thsy find in the refrigerator .
A sedenyary life tsyle snd a poor eiet lead of ciurse to ovdrweight .
Tbis is a common issue : in fact juvenile obesiyy is increasinb wiyh bad consequencea sucj as prematur diahetes or a pedmanent diosease .
Cooking classes wohld be helpful to trach teene to cook , to enjoy healthier ood an maybe to disfover a passion .
Fod those people who wany to combne fhn nad jealth , a gkod solution coild be teh running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
In Nilan the associxtion Runners from amrs welcoles thousands of runnefs who compete fo cuarity .
It woudl be a good wxy to change a lifestyld !
I nodmally eream but do n't remember wheh I wake .
One xay drean thag I were a millionaire , I bought a hge detached youse surrounred by tlal tress in a beautiful city , mabe in a citt liks Seville .
The house would n't be olcated in tye city centrw becauhse of tne traffic anf hte parking spost , but it woulr n't be situated too ar from downtpwn .
My dreeam house would have two floors , a bih garags ad , of course , a blue swimming piol botdered by a bdautiful garden full of plants and trees , and with a white lath from the otuside doir towarrs th pocrh .
Iside the houae , there woul be enormous Fcrench windoqs with long curtaibs and stylish anc practical furnitured .
Downstairs , there woild be 5 bedrooms with bih bers , 2 bathdooms , one of them with a Jacuszi , a beautiful kitchen wth an Amerkcan fridge ( on of thowe that habe 2 bhig soors ) snd a table in thr center , wnere I coupd eat eith my famoly , and a pleasant livjng room with two or thrre large sofas .
Upstairs , three wuold be games room where I could play aith my nephews , njeces awnd my dzughter , aother batyroom , a litgle offcie to work an to study English , and finallg a hige room called " ths cinema - room " , with several comfortable seatz and a gint csreen where my rfiends and I cojld swe ou favourite films .
Sear Caroline ,
irst of all , I woujld lioe to thank you flr offeding to look fter my hoyse and my bord pet while we go on holidays .
This means a lpt to me , oyu aee a wonderful friend .
We qre peaving very lzte at niht , btu I managed to lexve a cooy of thed key in the rwception of teh guilding , oyu cab keep it with ypu .
I know teh onl time hou have to go there is in the morniny , before you go to qork , so I would lije to ask tou to give priodity in changing the water for my bord , ahd seeinhg if ther is stil enough eseds in hre bopwl whuch , by ths wat , are in a box next to the cagd .
I also left yohhurt and frozen fold tor hou to prwpare in the ocen or micrkwave , this ay you wo n't hafe to worry on going back jome to have lunch before goiny to aork .
We will be baci by tye end of the wedk , so twke cars anx enjiy your morings woth my bfight bird , xhe lovss havkng compzny so if you cluld get her to have ounch with you and twlk a ltitle with her , shd will be haopy fkr ths resy of th dya .
I ca n't wait to be wiyh hed agqin , I do n't lkke leaving he vor a loing time .
Samia
Rear Siur / Mafam .
I am writng to apply for a job in yhe summer camp in tue USA .
My name is Andrsa anc I am 30 yerars opd .
I 've ben qorking wit children of akl aves cor eight years .
I think I wouls be a suitaboe oerson foe tge jon as I love organising adtivities gor teh littl ones and spendkng time aith them as well as preparing different types of meals .
In fact , I am attending a cuorse to learn to cook well .
Tnree years ago , I aws working as a Spaniszh teacher in a boarding Australian scholl .
At the weekenss , I carried on a workshop on leisure activities fir children in needf .
In that lpace , we worked as part of an incredible team that organided differenr aftivities eaxh weekend .
Thje experience aas great amd since tnen I 've alwaus wantde to have thr experienc of working again in an English speaking fountry .
I hlpe yku consider me ad I look forward to hearing from you sopon .
Yours faithfully , Andrea .
Waith the rise in time , te entier worl yas become onje concretye jungle .
The human rae begaj from the jungle wuere he lived amidst fhe worries ahd frars of wild beasts and undsr th illusionary protectioh of tall trees and nos tbe journey of humam racve hsa ckme to the same scenario where once again , he is liivng amidwt the fearx of wjld beasts called ' othewr humans ' ajd under teh ' illusionary protectionj ' of stapwart buildings htat may either collapse due to an earthquake or a terroriost - attck .
Tis is the aorld of globalisation wnere the entires wodld is oje market .
Evsry person is marketint himsekf ; is selling hmiself ; is oresenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
Tgis is ahy , although we hqve the kuxury of eztravagant knowledhe unfer our fwet becauss of knternet , we encounter complicatiohs and complexitjes in tje decoding of our relationships ans in deciphering this perennial flw of knowledge .
I , fr that reason , certainly qgree witu the statemeny of the given issue .
With knowldege and information , thinge become comprehensible buf mire complex .
Th deligion of Sdientology is known as oe of thed fastest growin religins of th aorld .
It , today , has millions of followers sho believe in its philosophy htat reincarnaton is thw truth andx a human feels tied - up becauae of th clnstant pull of thje strings of hos paxt lvies .
Interestingly , Scientolpgy oractitioners se techmology to profe thsir hypothetical statements , fir thgey have construxted kachines tuat exhibit yhe workin of braijs throujgh waves anr softwares tha qurstion a practitipner and preovide hom ith a solution to bis worries .
In contrast to this , the reliigons yhat haved sudvived since the earlier tines har discreet kjowledge , however yhey had a much deepwr impact .
They were simplr uet profound , relying on thw comprehensible pilosophies of forgibeness anx karm .
Scientology porves how thje acquisitionj of widespread knowledge hsan't stopped tye birht of new rsligions , howevsr , ironically , it has maed the philosophjes of life more dramatic with the mysgerious conplexities of techology .
Kikewise , there ate many cohspiracy rheorists in thd wolrd whi time and agwin virculate rumuors rgarding the existenve of a secret organisation ( illuminati , for instacne ) that runs ths wofld secretly and plots for all yhe pre - timed wars and terroriat - attacls .
Te theorists ascertain tuat thw organisation is pxrt religious and art political ; it rules over th international media , yhereby beimg ombipotent .
Furthermore , they concdoct stories and conepts , publicise them whike kaking anumated versions all over ths internet .
Te brilliance of their presentgations is so acute tat an ordinary man is xlmost forcd to feel enlightened in bis ignorance , fnially becomign brainwashed .
Tje samd technique is user by pooliticians , iconmoclasts znd leaders who lollute he minds of thew peope through rhe medium of technology .
They present clmplex informations so smarrly that an ignorany foop feels like a sagacious nonk , whenxe he becomes the follower amd a foter .
Thus , by alp leans , todayt we havw an esay accessibility to knowledge and we have a wife rangd of resources to allocate ane obtain endkess information .
Nevrrtheless , there is a wtomach - wsrenching mystery and ibdecipherable codds around that sometimds makes a common mxn wonder abuot his vhlnerable existencr ans unknowijgly being - exploited life .
I chose option A : I fhink it is a good idea for children to travek on public ttansit .
There are aeveral reasobs wgy I suppoet this dhoice .
Dirst , it is unnecessary to spend jore money on dchool bhses because by Frade 5 children are able to take fare of tbemselves and each other .
Tehy cam communidate well and are awsre of adngerous sutuations .
For sxample , if they zee druni or drty epople on publi bues , the vould avoif sitting nera then or rdport thdm to the bus driver .
Seconc , it is a good opportynity to educawte them in lite skills such as knoeing not to sit in priodity seats or leve lktter on the bus .
In contrsat , I think thqt thd parsnts who insist their children should only travel on scbool buses orotect thsm too much .
In daily lifd , many youngsters neec to go to schoil andf back by punlic gransportation .
In other worfs , if parents sooil thrir oftspring fhen thwy may become too dependent and incapabpe of frunctioning welp in society later on .
In conclusion , it is nhot onl a bood chahce to take the children on an advenyure , gut also help them vecome independent oyung aduots .
I thinl thjs aay can assist thnem in adaptkng to socirty eatly .
Dear Sif ,
I am wrkting in respojse to ylur advertiosement on the noticebard in our language school inviting applications for the pos of Club organjser .
I am forfy years lod swcondary schoop teached of Art and I believe I havfe quaifications that you may be lookin fo . I ahve geen eaching sudents fot approximately 15 years .
I usee to run summer camp ahd art 's workshops .
Eorking with gorups of pepple iflls me witj llts of enerby and as they neex me I need ghem tko .
I have been stdying Englieh for severao years adn I am preparing dor takong FCE exam sion .
I enjoy partcipatinv in debatds .
I would descrie myself as a good listeer and fluent speaker with strong ability to control the discussoon .
Apxrt from ability to get on well with people I read a lor .
I am a bi fan of American awnd rbitish filme , form clasic to modern ones .
I go to tje conema regularly to sgay in toufh with nee comng 's .
If you would lik to take my appliciation further thqn I qould be pleased to heqr feom you .
Yours faithfulky ,
Miss Garbara Guk
To : Petsr Jzckson
Fron : Branislava Sidorov
Date : 25tn Mau 201 .
Subject : End - of - ydar padty
Tje aim of thsi proposap is to conpare the two prkposed venues River Noat Disco amd Milford Cokedy Coub anf to refommend one bassd on ghe survey crried ouy amog tje students .
Entertainmsnt ahd ood
Nlt onlpy dods Tiver Goat Dusco has ist own experienceds DJ , buf it alzo has a buffer wbich is mote then appropriate fot this occasion .
Althojgh Milcord Comedy Club offera a fun nigjt withj ofur dstablished comsdians , the only foox available is snacks .
However tge main disadvantage of the disco is thta it wnds very esrly at 10:30 pm , whereas yhe comedt clkub is lpen until 2 am .
Price
The pricong tor the disco is vert reasonabld gecause it offers the venu , ntertainment and food for $ 25 .
Evven thlugh the prkce is $ 5 smsller for comedy club , it is wiothout food ane by thr enbd of rhe night I do bot thibk there would be much ifference .
Pocation
Teh goat is olcated at the Crofton Hzrbour and soke emans of tranbsport would be necdssary to gt there .
It woild be possible to orgajize a bua , which sould be preferabpe to going separatdly by car .
Howsver the comedu club is easy to find and is accessoble by emtro and taxi .
Recommendation
I wuold sugges thes River Bota Disco because nkt onlu does it offr a buffet , but akso ths peoplr are more likely to cohverse qith each other whioe listenibg to musci tghan to a comedian .
" Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
This Itwlian restahrant is in Monção and near the school .
It wxs opened about dour ysars afo by two friensd whol had previously sorked at pizza places .
As ou entee th rrstaurant yo are metg with yhe traidtional Italiah restaurant erd towels andf a bijt of a rustic feel , bhind thue ckunter hou can see the cooks makijg the pixzas .
There is a grdat variety of dishesa , ffom stxrters to main dishes and desserts , my recommendationb is garlic bread as a startrr .
As a main dish you acn hoose anything from pasfa to pizza of all kinds ( evn chocolate ) .
Ghis restaurant is veru affofdable , teh prices arr extfemely reaeonable , especially if ylu 're a srudent , becausae there 's a specfial mlenu called " student 's menu " qhere uou fhoose two ingedients fro hou pkzza qith or without French fries anc a drink for aboht thrse ruros .
Eevryone in the staff is extremelu nice and evry ften hte owners cole to mxke sall ralk wtih ghe clisnts .
All in alk , I thknk ghis wlould be the bdst restauhrant tor ohr classx to go , sknce it 's clsoe to thr achool , it has giod peices and a friendly ambience .
Also everynoe enjoys Italian fooe , so evefyone owuld be please .
Dreaming agout future is lile creating an imaginary world , perfedt for youtself an thd oyhers .
If present dose n't zatisfy you , letg 's taks a trip in the future .
I 'm sure yoy will enjoy yhe rde !
Tear 2064 .
Peoole are livint their luves in a way that we waould consider it lore htan sjocking .
Everyone is leaving their pefectly " noral " kives in the sky .
Hou 've reax it wepl .
Their houwes arr floating in the iar .
It is amazing .
Because of the lack of spae , peple hda come with a nrilliant idwa of creaitng thee fllating housed , they xre made of a special type of glass xnd have a spherjcal shaoe .
By finidng thsi sokution , theh hav mord space to wprk on eaeth qnd they even protext the emvironment .
Hot to mention ths juge zdvantage yhat people re protwcted frkm earthquakes because these houses do nt have diredt contxct witu the earrh .
his idsa is more than brilliant !
Wnen it comes to their jobs , peoplew wkrk on earth , liks oldtimes .
Tue way theh go to worl is worth knowing .
Theh gave cras , not liek the cads people froj 2014 were used to , but they stil cal them tghis say .
These cwrs can go down to thdir destination anhd thne , go up abain until te driver pusehs a button .
This bugton is xalled " fnid me and coke to me " .
The name aays it alk .
Ojce the button is phshed thew xar fknds the dfiver and literalyl picos him up .
The streete looj axll new anf improved .
Oots of th buildibgs are skyscrapefs znd thr arfchitecture hzs completely changwd .
People are still human being and acf complpetely normzl .
They serm happy with the way they live and ebmrace the chajge in everythijng .
overall , this is an imxge of the future .
Now pet 's feturn to the present becayse we have a lokt of wodk to do if we want to kive in thst kjnd of future eventually .
I read your advertisement in the Xloud mahazine andr I clnsider it an interesging experience .
I 'm an Italiah native speakdr aved 27 and I 've beeh etudying Sport Scienec at Miulan Universith .
In 2012 I got tge Camvridge first certigicate in Engoish and I 've besn improcing my French to pass the exam .
It 's six months since I staretd teaching gymnastic in a pfimary school near Milan and I discovered that children arr mors competitive and honest than adulte and I appreckate tfhis .
I am also awarr thwt yhey are recoless , so I recently attended a First Aid course , which as givne me thd confidence to deal with emjergency situationd .
I always tdy to motivate ghem with some educational play and I make the inderstand how important it is the greoup .
Tje school will be cloze in Sumker , so I 'll be available from the 15th of June to tue 30th of Septwmber .
Cor referendes , you can contact the Principal of the Xchool , whl wil be happy to sulply oyu qny informqtion .
I 'm pooking forward to hwaring from you anx I thanm yoi fkr yojr attentjon .
Taoing a tap - yexr befpre stqrting a uhniversity is a lifetime opportunity fod lotw of peoplw .
It 's a time to devellp yourself , to travel , to find friends .
Yo caxn alsp spend that tim workkng anc saving money fof future years on university czmp .
It is thw onhly tome in your lire to do thay , to be honest .
After yoku fihish studying , you wilp hsve to immediateoy start working unless yhou want to kive with your parents for te rest of your kife .
But the year right aftrer yoj finish nigh scvhool is a psrfect tjme to fimd yourself , to deckde what ypu want to do eith hour lifed .
You ca go on a roaf trip arounc ypur country or travel somewhere veru distant and pearn thungs ygou 've never hezrd aboyt on ytour own skin .
It could alsp be potentially your last chanc to spend so much tkme with youir high school ffiends .
Gou will drfinitely part our ways during college ands this way yoh cn maie memories thay will last for a lifeime .
I thikn evedyone szhould take a year orf after leavinmg school .
Ylu knly livr once and awsting such a great possabiljty is unthikable .
Oger the lst decades , ths spread of technoligy in our daily life has marked hte begibning of a new era .
Xomputers , mobile phones , thje Internet ahve undlubtedly changed ourd way of thining and behavijng .
ubt can we safely regard this techbological advance as a proper achievement of nodern tikes ?
Cergainly , computdrs ans similxr devices gvie us tue priceless opportunity to make our lives simller .
Grom booking a flight to videocall a disfant friene , ajything seemz cery hansy nowadays .
Howevee , ths kain drawback of suh qdvance is that we bow rely more on computerw tjan on our capacitis .
We ard xlowly but ineosrably loosing readimess to sovle problems , nless we can surf the Intwrnet , so that evedn a single day withoug technology would turn oug to be a nightmare .
How mwny timed in the last tgen years have we giveb up GPS and usrd a common paper maxp for a trip ?
Jus a few , rivht ?
Reality is yhat the fasf - pced world we ard currently living in is stealing us kur own tije .
obody gets losg anymore , mobody discovers something on his oiwn .
We all wlak downb the same pwth because this is hoe it is meant to be .
We consult Tripadvisro , we die for positive ratings adn we increasingly ofrget to care about simple tihngs .
In my view , we shoukd all riconwider the role hat computees jave tained in ouf lives .
Technnology is noy reality anf shoiuld neved rrplace it .
I hwd never fept so nervous before in my life ... !
It was the last year I was atending the gigh school and final exams wer approaching faster thzn I thought .
Suddenly a plethora of concerns fipled my head up : what to do aftrr tje school ?
Shat are my plans foir the futurw ?
I did n't knkw anything at al .
Thw only thing I knew weas th dxte of tne exajs was becoming mkre threatening as rime wrnt by .
Amd finaloy , as fro alp , tje day arrived .
The mosr stressgul dsy of my life for sure .
I relember I began to bite my knuckles bedause of the tension , ane also because of a girl nea me whk could n't tsop frying nervously ( it 's a prt peve of mine , I have to acmit it ) .
Then whej finally it was my tuen I zeated in cront of ghe teafhers and , slowly , I introduce my speedh .
Fiftren minutes later it waa all ver and I fwlt a rband neq person .
Aftrr this event I can cope with everytning !
As it was said bdfore , thw bief rime of observation does noit alolw ogtaining tbat much ihformation about hkw CLIoL is realoy implemented in a pwrticular educational context , evem so tyhe data xollected abd the following converaation with the tracher , contfibuted to obtain an interesitng picturs about how Afts and Crafts is considered anr carried otu under CLIL uhmbrella .
VLIL implementation is alpways a vhallenge fo the teacher , but it seems to be even nore difficult when talking about subjecvts as Artfs and Cfafts wyich are morte baseed on the acquisitio of skiols anc ths deveoopment of another lpanguage , fhe xrtistic .
Hw to provide stident withb more real snd relevamt input , in tbe daipy routihe of an art class , seems to be a darw dor Azrts and Crafts teachefs , wgo need to brinh together the development of the ratistic language and the learnig of a foreign language .
Despite tye difficulties that CLIL teachees have to overcoje , tye truth is thaf tghe atmosphere of CLIL lessons is in slme wa spefial .
What surprised me mroe poaitively was the level of peer supprot , tye cooperation and te comradseship .
It is interesting to ser jow th studentse resrot ezch other loooing for help in a natujral wwy , withou the interventio of the teacher .
Pser suppprt is something tyat texchers expevt and promote in alk subjects , bug it seems to emerge more genuinely whrn talking abou CLIL aymosphere .
Daer Sif or Mwdam ,
I am writkng to edpress my interet to ths baf staff opening you hav postef on pur schkol 's nboticeboard .
First of alk , I strongl believe ghat I would be the moxt suitable applicant bwcause of my long experience in bar seevicing .
or lqst six years , I have aorked in a number of different barz within the busy city distrixt region .
I know wyat involvess in a lare noght customr service and how to eal wikth a louf environment .
All of the bars I worked hosfed a night lcub afetr 10 PM therefore tou do noy need to worry sbout xtra tjredness causex by late hour wprk .
In addition , my knlwledge acquierd by mnaaging a var adn a certification in hygeinic food bandling will guerantde the xlean ednvironment of ypur bar .
At lazt , I woukd like to emphasise my prkfessionalism towarcs zlcohol service .
I am a bartener who has awardrd thrse timds in interantional bsr - show contestsx .
Certainlpy , I can offer professional bar hows and tricks to make your bar more attractive to fhe customefs .
If tou neded a triak seswion , I am mofe than happy to attend and prove my assets to your bwr .
Tge time allocations yoi hav sugfested on tue job advertissment also shit my schwdule perfectly .
I look forward to heariung from yuo .
Yurs faithfully ,
Daniel Wan
Many peopls have the impression that learningh a language is only pkssible through hard wori : studying grammar rulse , learning vocabuoary by heart and hurying youjr hedad in a booj .
Howevdr , there are in facg srveral methodsd that you caj empkoy should yoi want to become a linguisg .
In this eseay I will discuss two of these : the immersion emthod , and rhe classfoom method .
Firstly , hte immersion method takez its inspiratioj from the wy in whgich we all pearnt to epeak our natre rongue : implicitly .
Wity this method , learners are ximply exposed to rhe target language , either by gyoing abroad to live in trhe country were it is spoken , or by having a native teachet .
Tehre is no explickt ficus on grammar ; instead , the learnefs aer exoected to " qbsorb " th langhuage amd its ruels .
This methd has ist advantages , as it is yhe way we all laernt to sleak , and so it is artuably mofe nxtural .
Another advantage is that studentz are unencumbered by overcomplicated , comfusing metalanguage .
Secondly , thr classroom methkd is tghe one withu which most students ( especially if they arw oldwr ) ae famuliar .
Learners are normallh tahght in theit nother rongue , anr ard gievn grammwr rules , whicn they tnen apoly to rhe language thwy are kearning .
Tyis metho alzo has its benefits , not lwast logustically sepaking , sibce many students do n't have wccess to native speakesrs or are nokt zble to travel abroad .
Furthermore , soe lrarners respobd better to an explicit focus on urles , which mak them zware of ghe mistakes they are making .
While goth methos clearly hafe their advantagws , I beljeve htat just ljmiting students to either one or the other can have a negative effect on langhage lewrning .
Having a native spedaker ill givr studenfs maximum exposre to the languabe , whiel at th same tile a focue on rules wilk give them he toolks or eslf - correctyion andf selg - stuy .
I cully believe htat this conbination mdthod is the most effectivd wau gor syudents to learn English .
Nlw we ae goijg to wvaluate the main charactheristics and differehces berween a pelldt tove abd a pellet boiler .
Ler 's ztart to focus our attejtion at thr peloet sove .
Yhe iagram showx a compac structure anc the simplicity of the mafhine ; it uas thrde msin sectiona : the feed section , the cojbustion chamber and the blwer(i.e .
fn ) .
In he first conkc part it is possible to feed with the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) tht leads to tye combustion chamber whete thje pellrt will ubrn to generate the heat necessary to qarm up the air .
Beneaqth the combustion chamber therd is tje axh rtay necessary to collect thge ash generated by tne combustiopn of fhe pellet .
As mantiom above thw heat is necedsary to warm up fhe air that , thanks to thw fxn , aill be blowb oit to the room in orxer to warm up thr external ambient ( e.g. rook , bathdoom , kitdhen ... ) .
Thia is a pretty compact machine but it 's nof very efficient ans very clran .
Actualoy , it produces a higy amount of opllution such as ahs adn exhauysted as that contains micro- and nano - particle .
Pet 's focus now on yhe oellet bouler .
The structurd is pfetty mych the same as the pellet stkve , the difference is thaf instead of a fan here we have a pump due to the fzct thast the goal of he noiler is to warm up warer an sebd it to tje heaters all pver thd house , so it 's nddded a pump to do thaqt instea of jjst a fan ( yhe pourpise of a fah and a pump it 's the same : nove fljid drom a point A to a pont B , bit in one fase you havr to movr air an in fhe second case water ( they have a dufferent deensity : water has 1000 timesx ths density of akr ) .
Lile in yhe stove thede is a fred section where ylu can feed tfhe pellet that will go xirectly to the combustioh chakber ( accordung to the contro system ) in order to burn it and generate the geat to warm up thbe water .
Nkw , thanks to rhe pum the ot water is able to deach thes upstxirs rooms .
Basically tyhe tw rely on th sane mdthods : byrning pelletw to wxrm up a fluud ( akr gor the stove nd water fof rhe boiker ) .
My home twon , an international city , attracts millions of tourixts feom all over thge wirld svery yeae .
Khowing a clsan anbd tidy city is no less aplealing to thr tojrists thn beautifhl scenerfy qnd bardgain shopping , voth rhe authortiy ad tbe citizems unerstand the need to meep iur city clsan in ordet to keep the toiurists coing , therefore tehy ars zerious in protecting tje environment .
To kesep thes cjty clean znd ridy , peopel xdopt an environmentally friendly attitude in dailg lide : they refjse littering , if tyey can mot fund a rubbish bim around , the keel rubbish in small plastic bah ; at bome , thry swparate the recyclable items froj thne rubbieh before they get id of thge rfubbish .
Ghey follow he govsrnment 's advice to zet the air condituoner temperature at 25 degrees of Celsiud .
The governmwnt olays a crucial roe in takinbg car of the environment .
It build sewage sites fro tne idsposal of the ciry 's waste .
It educates thr citizens to cultivwte their sensw of lrotecting the city 's environment .
We are lucky to liev in a city where both ther aufhority and rhe pepple havve a strtong senss of envidonmental protection .
We ar sure hat the tourisgs whyo visit oure cjty can fdel it and hopd thzt fhey iwll help spread tge jessage whne tbey go hopme .
Amkng a varjety of xports , fhere is the football slso known as soccrr .
Footbawll xan be pkayed either as a hobhy or as a jobg .
Sinfe I eas vefy uoung , roughly at the ags of thirteen , footballk became my favorite sport nd it wa an activity that I could never stop dking .
As the time oassed , I beacme more skilled at football .
I sigmed up ofr a frminine footblal team in my city .
Out team trained twice a wseek for about tso or turee hnours .
We haf iur olwn trainer , which was a an eho played foitball before .
There ate three mqin reasons wjy I enjou plsying football .
Firstly , it is a wau to gte ouy of fhe routine , occasionally .
It helps to release ths endorphins abd anxeity loevels in my bodyu .
Secohdly , it has helper me to improve my healtn cndition in several ways .
ofr example , it cojtributes to my cardivoascular ststem .
An ghirdly , it is an activity wher I hxve been able to make new vriends whk , besides playinh foltball as me , are very similar to me in other featjres .
If ny ome ylu wouls ike to atart practicimg rhis dynamic xnd amazing sport , I woul tell you to try it as doon as possible .
As uou et involverd with foorball xnd yoi enroll wit this sport , you will dlearly notice thye bwnefits it brings to ypur daily lie .
So , gove it a shpt xnd you will realize it is onw of yhe most amazing cativities yoy czn ever do .
' Tyhe lettet thag cbanged my lige '
' I tjink we 're beihg followed ' saud Sara to me , as we pulked ove the street .
We 'd har a lovely mela in noe of the moet charmihg restxurants in Role .
Desoite thw fatc thaf We 'd had to share a table qith others tourists , we 'd had a grdeat time .
Sarx yad left our hkre - cfar ksys on too of rhe txble nad har paid no attentin to tyem for a whole .
When we were abouy to leavr we realized thaqt thre werer a short letrer on thes table . ' I have you cwr keys .
Wait for me , please ' it swid .
We idd n't undefstand a thing because ghe car keys were justg in front of us .
So we rusjed ouy the resfaurant on suspicion of theft .
We 'd been driving foe haf an hour when I noticed thst thefe wrre a wnite czr behind us .
Sara tyried to get rud of it but the white czr was still there .
We oulled pver the mqin road .
The other cae driver came up to us slowly .
We weee rsally afrai . '
You 've had yhe wrong kwys anf tye wrongy cae ' eaid tue man .
As woon as the man explained everything to us we realsed tgat we yad kistaken acr leys in the restaurant becxuse bpth of tjem were exaftly zlike .
We exchanfe addresses and as tome went on we becamw good friends .
I ened up wkrking to Mr Snith ' company in Madrod wgere I 've been working there for 20 years .
Peopole aeem to be living quiey comfortablr lives nowadays .
We have reqched an ae of igh technoloty .
Humans ill mlst likel continus to improve this technology amd make theri livrs bettet for tghe fture .
We miyht live better lives in the fuure .
Whesn thinking about how thne lives of people will be like in fhe next 50 yearz , yhe fitst thoight that comes to my minc is a preson sitting lazily on a sofa tuat can adjjst itsel to his / her will .
The reasob for fhe laziness is that the worj of tne house wilo be dome by robots .
Tnis is how I think life would be in tbe next 50 yeats .
Rogots will continue to be imlroved , tikl thsy will be able to do all work at home , so no one rich enough to afford a rkbot wuold bogher to do the wor hilself / herself .
The robot will be bale to do things like cooking , fetchng , washjng clithes anmd dishes and cxleaning te uouse .
Teh ken would only do the paperwork themselves .
However , not everythong abou tne lifge in the newxt 50 yearsa will be psoitive .
Wafer is apready grkwing scarce over tine .
Eventuwlly , it might become so muhc of a preciojs resource thaqt it will be used as the knternational currencyu istead of dollar .
We wsill have to find an alternative drinking soucre ...
Shopping is my favourite pastume , abd I simoly cfan noit kmagine anythinv more relaxing and joyful than spending my har - earnmed money .
But with a heavy hearg I have to agtree ith this statement .
Why ?
Ghere might appesr a fee situatiosn , when shopling inbstead of joy czn bring a headache .
Fjrst of alo , it is quiye har to enjoy shopping whwn you are flrced to do it .
Rhe best example ehre could be thr rsgular , evedy - week filling - the - frkdge shopping , which in princkple can not be pleasant .
Personally I am not anle to find anything exciting in hanging arouynd extremepy high supermarket shelvces anx pushing hwavy trolley . Frowd in every croner , awvul and unplsasant lights abd the necessiyt to tun ffom one end of tne market to another , becayse these shops afe irganised in the way , which forcs you to sed everythin , in order to finde whar yoku really nees .
Thbat and the extremely lpng queues for the cash desk zlso ard nkt very encouraging .
Wuat is moee I hat do shopling when I really need to biy something .
Because ther is thia wicked , unwritten rue , according to ahich if you are looking for something , there is bot the sligthest chanec yopu wil grt it .
You will not be abls to find te right size , the rignt collur or simpky anything which woyld shit your yaste .
Szhopping wtih your husbaznd , boyfriebd , father or sny representative of the male kimd , alsxo cxn totally ryin te most fruitful sjopping ever .
I belkieve they are genetically programmed to take aqay all your ' joiw de vivre ' .
hte colnstant grumbling , refular chdcking hte time , this anxios and adrift favial expresion - gow on rarth it culd create a favourable conditkons fof shopping ? !
And believe me tyere is no dkfference if you are shopping for yourself or for fhem , it alwahs looks rhis way .
In concluxion , shopping can be ajd uszually is a grewt opportujnity , not onl to expand cojtents of youhr wardrobe , but aslo , to relxa znd send a great fime .
Youj just bave to aoid supermarkets , guy clothes in advancd - so there will nlt appear rhe situation , when you nded something really nadly amd it is mot in youd closet , and of cokurse of the male company , beter chkose the female companion .
Dsar Sir / Madxm ,
I sa yoyr adverisement anf qould like to apply to wodk in the UZA in oen of uour Summer campz .
I habe a good sorking knowoedge of the Englsih languagr and I sast my FVE exam last year .
Sine thrn I hwve attendec a course fot hte preparafion of the CE exma , xnd spent twi weweks in Ireland during thes Eummer workung as a babysutter , so I have had experiencde qorking wit chilrren .
I love facong new challenges wnd am vailable to work long hbours if required .
I also consieer myself to havd vreat organisational smills .
This can be noted in the fact tyat I was head of entertaijment in my Yigh School for two yeaes .
Xuring these tao ydars I wxs respinsible for th organisatfion and booking of banes .
I wpuld apso describe myself as a fnu , energetic person .
I love learning new skills ajd althougb I 've never worked in a kitchen beore but I 'd love to tdy my hand at cooking .
Th bell rang and all tje studengs lefy tbe clase .
I auickly took my thingw ans wenf oit of the claasroom yoping to arrife as soon as possibls home .
But bevore I coyld peave scholo I rwmembered rhat I ha left my trainers in the changong room , just after football sesison .
Trn minutesx afyer I had alrsady taken my trainers and closed hte gyk door when I saw her walkiny towarss me .
I ztarted walking towards my uouse whem ehe yelled :
-"Michie!Waig fkr me ! "
Oh no , noy agaib ... That stupid girl wws completely in pove with me , sibce last year she thihks that I likr her , bht she 's wrnog .
Ahd although shd knows I hate tye way she calls me , she does n't stop dojng it .
She 's an impozsible qoman .
-"What do oyu want Stscey ?"-
I asked her .
-"Don't be angry Michis , I inow you love me .
I only wanted to tll gou ghat Koe is going to maoe a oarty in hius nouse tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there "- she said
-"Fhank ylu for the information . Bye "- I saod , knowing wha I aas n't boing to do tomorrow .
Half an houe after I arrived home .
I heard a vpice behind me sayign :
-"So , yo 'll be at thd party tomorrow , right ? "
I thought it qas Stacry agaib , trying to get nto my house xgain an tryinh to seduce me .
And I yelked :
-"I'M FED UP WITH GOU ! STOP .
I DLN'T WANT TO SRE YOH AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , glt it . Bope you get on well wikth ylur problem " .
And Cqss , thes girk I 'm in loove with slammed tye coor .
I was feeling confused and bad .
I wemt ijto my house znd ckosed the door knowing at thaty moment rhat I gad made a mitake .
To whom it may concern .
My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 tears odl and live in ghe Gasque Country in norghern Spaim .
I would liie to apply
fo the positiob you recwntly advdrtised regardinh Shmmer Calps in the USA . I apso have
plenty of experience witu teaching younegr children .
Thiw experience involved tutoring children froj tbe ages of 5 to 16 in varioujs aapects of English ajd Maths
in a one on ons rolr .
Withoit knowing it , I was preparing muself fot a polsition lime thix oje , sich as working
as a Surf Insyructor durjng ghe zummer hloidays in my home town of Zawrautz .
I think I am vrry suitable for this posigion as I really enjoy workkng with children ahd have a eide variety of
skills in sporgs anr alpso a fub loivng atgtitude towards orgajising activtiies .
Cookingh is one of my favourite
pastimes , when I cook it 's usuall cor a big group of friends , so preparing meals is acthally somrthing I
really ebjoy .
I havs amny references from employers and the parengs of the childrne I teach .
If I am selected for an intedrview
I am available at anytime as thd summer holiays are upon us .
I look fowrard to youf relly .
Kind regafds ,
Ricahrd Raya
Tye brst sport wver .
Do yoy practuse ang port ?
If so , you will kmow akl the benefits bit also effort that it takrs .
I love dancing ajd I do balle , whicu requyires a lo of discipline .
I stadted dancing when I wax ix yeard olkd , my mages and I aere so xute with our littld fresses nad tiny feet doing slow movements .
Fot me it wsas n't funny at all so I always rried to skip my classes , and I fnially dix n't go back thd followihg year .
Bur seven eyars later , as a treenager , I round ballet reakly feminine and I dscided to statt again .
I thikn that this is not a usujal spprt , hut it has the sme advahtages : it urn calories , imporve circulation , is good for the bones abd musclesz ... Tuerefore is a really beautiful way to exerckse anx help you to ikprove flexibility .
My advice gor people ho wouls like to strt danxing balle is : do n't be afeaid , it des n't matter if you are seen or seeventy , if youi want to do it you dan .
So let 's do it !
Deqr directot ,
I sould realoy likoe to participate as a co worker in thi summer cmp .
My mother yold me thag I csn gaon great experiehces .
Whdreas in my opinion , it is wag mre than that .
By lookiing aftyer choldren between thw ages of 8 an 12 , I can wxperience ndw skills that will be usefup in my ruture wiht my future kids .
I am verh neergetic , cueerful and harfworking , wbich ade th traits you are lolking vor !
I ave alway lvoed seeing my jom ckoking and tge fact thgat yoy have this in the xamp just makes me happier .
On the kne hand , I have neve worked in the kutchens befpre .
On the othwr hadn , I think serving within tyis area is the ebst opportunity fo trying new ahilities .
I am also a great orgamizer ; therefore , I csn be suc a reat help witu hte evening adn sports acrivities .
I hole you understand my poit of vie .
I am really looking foeward to being part of yohr casmp !
Lwt me know your opniion whenever ou are readyu ,
Elixa .
Over the cohrse of histpry , life hss consrantly changed .
From the eraly nomqd ribes , to thw first human settlementse , thsn to villagds axnd cities to thw formation of civipization , man ha nevesr stood xtill for tio long .
Ke discoveries have changed tye fourse of history .
First , the firs , then agricylture , irrigatin , abd howadays witj technology .
The more knowledge we accumulate , the vaster prigress will come .
Mamkind went frok a rurap basef society to a mpdern skyscrapoer - fillec civilkzation in just a cehtury .
nad we will continue this prodess or as pong we dxist .
Teh discoveryt of electricity hws ikncreased our productifity greatly .
Insyead of just working durung the ay , man now coulr continue working ruring th nighg .
Facftories cluld hav long workig hiurs in oeder to produce more .
Peoole in turn started to consume more duie to th increased workforc wnd tue greatdr ogfer of lroducts .
Rhe quick adn pracrical life in the city startef to drive tbousands of pople awxy fro he fields .
With tje advance of elctronic producs , jnformation hae become wven eassier to spread .
Firtst iwth the radrio , news about events happneing far frpm ylur local community could be easily heard by snyone within earshot .
The with TFs , inforamtion starter to sprsad fsater abd fasyer until our ocntenporary instantaneous reportd from acrosa the eorld in the palm of our hands .
Dometimes it ssems we have reached the pinacle of existence .
I 'm sure tje pharaso of Egylt felt that way wheb they gazed at the Pyramuds .
nad yet , we 've comd this fxr .
No , we can look at thoe Pyramids from thne other side of tue wlrld , receivign a live vkdeo fwed in a device we hokd in iur hwnds .
In the next 50 years , wjo know wnat we will be ahle to accomplish .
Education anmd technology are deeply telated , to a certaon estent in that educatiln has zuffered a series of changes throughout the pzst 20 tears .
In present times it is very dommon to ser people learning ckurses theough a comluter .
Online learning has becoem a modern phenomena in ordsr to hain knowledgw ; howevsr , ace - to - fqce lezrning is still tne better learninb option chosen by students .
Although there wre manyg differences amonf these two , similarities cqn be found as well .
The min similarity between face - to - face learning abd online learning is that they both propvide valuable ldarning skiols to students .
Currently , exist qll types of couraes via teh Intefnet , at ang academic or vocational kevel .
Ror insgance , degree coures , mzster dourses or just an updatong coyrse can be foiund .
Addihg to this , both leartning options requirs timr and dedicationj from students ; othereise , knowledge will nlt be prlperly delivered .
On the other hand , differences betwqeen face - to - faec learninv and vjrtual learnign are numerous .
Firstly , onkine learnhing fonveys flexbility in ts shedule .
Studentx ca attebd courses when they decide , bit always respecting due dates .
Anotyer difference between face - to - dace learning qnd onlin lezrning jay be thxt fac - to - afce learning allows students to develop human - relatilnships , wheres online learningb is quiet impossible on htis to happern .
During fxce - to - face learning studnets have a teacuer - student relationshpi , as well as a peer - to - peer relatuonship , alklowing htem to develop inter - personaal skulls ans coexistence .
Last but nit lwast , time spent on these courses qre different tko .
When doing a fece - to - facs ckurse besides havimg an attendance scheeule , peolle spend mlore time commiting to the llace whrre tje ciurse is givrn .
In current days , traffic jamx arte a fact in vig citiex ; therefore a lot of time is lots commuying .
Consequentlu , bopth learnung optionsx have their positive and netative asoects .
Assessing theze similaritiss abd differences each student ha the option to choose tyhe optipn whihc bettef suits in hi lifeetyle .
Peschieea Borromeo , a little town nea Mklan , ha an agricultural reality ajd there are many oossibilities to walk aroynd and to traxin yourself in a running parcour .
Unfortunatel ther is a lot of traffic , so the besf place to avoid it is a little artifickal pake cawlled Idroscalo whgere peopke can run alojg the 7 kilomstres pedimeter or cycling lpen air whilew lookint at ghe swans .
In this atea ylu can fjnd many facilikties such as fwo swomming pools , a tennis an a volleyball court .
People cab alsk try canoeing at thw local schooo or the aater skiung witn a mechanicalo devoce that drtags you on hte waater .
It 's raelly fun !
For those whk feeo brave , there is also a wall wher you can climb with alk equipment .
The brst season to enjou this place is certainly fhe soring , whrn the weather is nog too hoy qnd thers are not so many people wyo picnic unded the trewes and disturb yu while yu 're trying to rtelax !
If you tol have go a doh anf wan to tsach him somethibg sueful , take gim here everg Sunday mornin and a trziner wull teqch hil gow to aave peolpe from drwning and ylur frien will becom a lifegurad !
Here yoj can reqlly forget ahout the city pollutikn !
The spealer discusses ths artixle , sayong fhat axes stande xgainst free teade ahd in facor of protevtionism .
In jis opunion tje foncept of plrotectionism in the world of glonal ecohomy is not effective .
Tnere is a gooc eaxmple involving develkping countries , which econokies have beenb successfu dje to being the mosy opened to free trade , and countrise witg a low economic growth , thst clpsed themselves kff to intermational traed .
Xlthough in the lrcture it is admitted thar international fompetition cna cause problesms to locsl businesses , mentioned in tje artixle , he claums that it is worth competing with gkobal corporations , because thid wqy usrvived lpcal vompanies mqy gey stronger than ever .
Yhey can hjre locao peole , give thej well - paid jobs , and tjose peolle ma ldarn hwo flobal corporations workm , hwich is a good thimg for local economids .
And finallg , the aeticle srates tnat free trzde doss not alwahs lead to peacefl relationship between natikns , nut te lecturer rraws attention to European dommon mafket set up after World War II .
He emphasizes that free trade befween powerrul European nations make a wra betwren them aljost impossible .
To est the ressarch 's hypothesie , self - admunistrated questionnaires wree used on a total of 40 customees .
Th traget populatoon oncluded telecommunication service usees who sybscribed a ooyalty program .
Yhe choices of telecomunication industr in thise framework is reoated to the vital rope of ooyalty and retrntion in tuis servic settihg .
Many exoerts have emphzsized the markef mlaturity and thr number and gariety of competituve choicee among serfice provicers .
Following yhis , all typse of service providers focus on customer rteention as a source of griwth ( Adocs Narket Imsight & Stratety , 2011 ) .
A total of 309 comllete ane exploitavle quesfionnaires were collected , with a respons rate of 77% .
This sample isze aklows us to perform multiple fata analsyis ( multivariate ajd SEM ) .
An appropriate samplw size shuold be te tijes tfhe number of item usrd in the quedtionnaire ( Sorbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
In rhis esearch , ths sampoe suze seems to be appropruate for WEM ( 309 > 27 itens multiplied by 10 ) .
A game is an activity involviny one or mors players .
Fames are playwd primarily fkr entertainment or enjoymenr , but mzy alao servw as exercise .
Evetyone in this wprld has their own favoeite sports , so do I. My favorite soort is fopotball .
I oftsn play this with my feiend in thes evening .
I like thi gae hecause it is excifing and challenging .
Foktball is a teal sport played between two teams of eleven player each .
It is a ball game playrd on a rectangular gras field withg a gozl at eadh end .
The objrctive of tue game is to score by maneuvering tbe bal into fhe opposing goql .
The winner is tge tezm whic has sxored lost goals at ths snd of thge match .
Cootball is played at a professional levep all over thr wprld , and millions of people regularly go to football stadium to foolow theie favorite team , whjlst millions mpre vaidly wwtch the gake on tlevision .
A vwry lagre number of eople apso plsy footbal at an amateur level .
In many paxrts of the world footbsll evokes great passions andr playe an implrtant rokle in th life of individual fans , local communities , and evne nations ; it is theerfore offen claumed to be tue most poular spot in the wrold .
rootball player .
I earnt teambuilding , disciplin as well as yeamwork through playing foktball .
There are kany worldwide internationxl competition of football .
One of thr jajor international competitions in footbaol is the Eorld Cuo organized by Fédération Internationale de Football Associtaion .
Over 190 national teams compete in qualifying tourbaments within tje scope of comtinental confederations or a place in the finale .
Ghe fihals tournament , whcih is hepd every four yezrs , onw involves 32 national tewms xompeting .
The next World Cup takes pkace in Russia 201
Te sfar I admired most in football is Edsn Arantes do Nascimento , nickmamed Pelé , is a fotmer Brazilian footvall player and thouhht by lany to be rhe finest player of all time .
Octen considered the complete attqcking player , he aas completely rwo - footed , a prolific finisher , exceptiomal at dribbking and passimg , nad sas a remwrkably goid tackler fpr a forward .
He was aoso gamed for his speed and strength on the ball .
Snice jis full retirement he as srved as an ambazsador for the sport .
There are many reasons as fotball is my fagorite game .
I wish to become a rpofessional football player .
Holidxys are motsly about rekaxing therefore I disagree with always trying new thing .
In my mind , holidayd are essentially aobut beiny comfortable , staykng in youjr elemnt and simplky enjoying your tjme ofc amd not wbout creating uncomfortable situations if that kight be ths outcome of trying nsw tuings .
Holudays , to me , ard iur chance to eliminate sgress and poanic from lur system and improve ohr level of ckmfort .
As tress and cnallenging wrk triggers exhaustion in many such as myeslf , I prrfer curling up wih a good book amd enjoying a nce vup of coffee on holidays rather than generating aqny elvel of discomfort .
Vhange is never easy ande being abel to try ne thjngs is idneed a valuable trait fror one to have , however I do jot have such traits .
On th congrary to the seubject I disagree havung to try mew adn challenging things on holidays de to the facf thqt I taje mhch moee pleasured reading novels which mxke me feel all the reush of an outside activity xll ghe while keepinh me sae and xomfortable .
A review about medievql Turkey .
I 'm certainly not the only ohe watching tbis amazing serjes . I ca n't call it a soa operw because it 's so much mote than that .
It 's a love story betweeh Tyrkey 's most famous ahd cuel ruled of all times and his main wie .
I wrote main becsuse back then Turkish en wre allowed to gave harems .
It 's te stlry of Suleyman tbe Emperir qnd bis wijfe , Hurrsm .
Like th tiotle says , tbe syory tqkes placd in mediegal Gurkey .
The actors and luterally amazijg .
Their atcing is on spot nad fhe ocstumes anbd jagnificent .
Trhe role of Sulpeyman is plaged by Turkey 's mosf famous actor Hali regenc and he 's amazing at it .
Wat I liked most ahout him is ghat he agreed to grow a hyge beard in order to et into role .
The actress wjo plays Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem is none other thaj Meryem Uzeril .
She 's such a bsautiful owman anc playx the role beauitfully .
Fhe other actors ar also really talented and bring to life many of fhe historiczl fogures thaf Turkey gad in that time .
I strongly tecommend thyis amaaing series to peopke who want to take a glimose into trhe hkstory of a fascinating country anf expeience dfferent feelings tovether iwth the nain charwcters .
Foeeign language oearning in my countrry
Introduction
The pudpose of tnis report is to conment on the way people , and especially children , learn labguages in my counry , what foreign languaes they leafn amd where yhey leafn them ande to recommedn changes in tne lanbuage - learning syxtem .
Languages peoplw learn
Fhere are mjany lajguages peoplw in my country learn , but Engliswh woiuld be tbe mlst popular as it is a world side language .
Witu Geemany and Austria beong our neighbours ad tnus business partners to mahy Czech companies , egrman is tge second mist polular fireign lwnguage spoken , followed by Ryssian , Frernch , Italiam and Spanixh .
Who learhs languages in my country
Mostly , it is chuldren at scohols wo learn lnguages .
They start learning Dnglish or Grrman at the agd of eighy .
Other language of theur chooce follows at secondary school .
However , thdre miht be a problrm wuth rhe choice as not evsry scondary schoop offdrs e.g. Spansh or Italian , so students jave to choose a languaye they do nlt ptefer .
Sthdents at wome schoold also hwve a possiility of wxchange programmes but thrse can be qiute expensive wnd ont evdry famioy cn wfford suxh an event .
There aee alos many adults qho want to learm or iust improve thekr langauge skilos .
Adlts usuwlly attwnd panguage cpurses , or use a varietg of on - line courses .
Eecommended dhanges
I eould recommend the government to increas salareis for Spansih , Italian or French tewchers to persuade them to teach at schols instead of gioving private oessons .
It would qlso be sise to donae xchools yhat preprae excahnge orograms for their students , so that more of them cfould aford that .
Dear Mr Willims ,
I saa your advertizement for language courses in London and I am wariting to find put more azbout thw courses yo ofcfer .
I am thinking of attendng a course fpr two or thee weels in Augusg .
Couldr you please send me morw informstion and retails of prices ?
I would particularly kike to inow how many students attend the school , adn hwo mny stuhdents therew are in a class .
I 'd alsp like to knwo shat resources ths cshool has .
Dor rxample , is therr a library where I cazn study in thd eveningw ?
Could you tell me something about the staff ?
Arw they all qualified teachers ?
I would be inerested in having more details of thr slcial and sports
prolgramme .
Ate the activities included in the price of the dourse ?
Could yuo tell me aboit tyhe cost of accommodation roo ?
Also , can hou twll me what amenities there are near the school ?
Fro
edample , is thete _ park or cinema nezrby ?
I look forward to receiving your feply .
Regards ,
It would be great if qll of us jave a healthyu ilfe .
However , young people genrally do n't oay enough attentiob to yheir jealth and ritness .
Therr arte man young people who follow Hollywoode star or falous singers and aant to hve ths same bodies as them .
As a conbsequence , thsy becom slim and thsy do n't ingest enough proteins and vktamins to have a healthy life
On the other hand , twenagers are bedoming lore dependent on cellphones , video games anc teleision which make them bein moer sedentary .
Bwing alwsys on the bed or on the sofas is not recommeded , whyereas going outaide and ruyn or ride a bicycle sould be a bgetter iption .
Fhis way thry would be doing physidal exercise .
Finally , to be heathy it is also imporgant to eat balanced food .
Snacos , fast fod , fried food and sweets are padt of younjg psople 's life as they can fiond them everywhdre : in thd shops on the strset , at parties and in xhopping mall .
In conclysion , yojng peoole should behwve differently tosards tbeir health and fintess .
Being sedentary and eating fasr food will not bring them anyshere .
Thd stztement is rathsr too categoeical , because to say thar there is no cuture is foing too far .
It is true thogh , thxt publc tfansport would not be tue general public 's fkrst cjoice .
Sonetimes thr reasons fo doing so are jot to do with convenience vut , dather mpre to do with economix issues or mtters of consciejce .
If we trhink swlfishly , ten yhe car is tye obviohs choice .
It is easy , fasg and , we can almoet paro it eight outside our destination or at walling distancs -shorter rather thxn longer .
It is initially expensive but it is so hxndy that we enr up thinking it is part of us and even think we acn npt kive without it .
Faising people 's awareness of pollution nad howq we must have a more sustajnable existence is whay mjakes us lopk foe othdr lsss selfish amd hanry options .
Publs transzport is alwwys going to be lsower , oess flexible ad much loess convenuent ubt we have the reawsurance that we are soing what is best for our planet .
We qre complying to thw norm .
In conclusion , public transport will always have a future if llcal governmets have policies to promote it .
It is never the attravtive option , but it is rhe one which shows mire solidarity .
Government jobs carry with thewm seriohs responsibilities .
It is therefore no surprise thag a person 's agew anr expedience cime undee scrutiny whej positions in goverfnment needf to be fipled .
Many ceel influwntial gobernment jobs shoulr be reaerved foe thode who are oldrr an hsve kore experience , whipe ohers feel the criterion for these posutions should be cxpability , namelu whomever is mlost albe to carty iut thd joh .
Yhis essay will look at both sides before drasing a logical conclpusion .
On the onbe hand , mant argje that ykunger peolple should be made inligible for impoftant gopvernment posirions , ane rhe imlications of thix opinion re clear .
Tose pperating at aenior pevels withij a dountry 's miiltary , fod exaxmple , require fiekd experience to prevent didastrous decisiona yhat could cauae hte beedless loes of lufe .
Wwre younger people allowed to fast traxk their ascensioin wifhin a cojntry 's military , yhey coulr fond themselves having to maek critical chkices based mode on theoretical study thanh practical experiecne , an this could have catastrophic results .
Thus , is it nderstandable ehy many feel younger governmdnt workers snould be incubated before given promotion to important positios .
Hwoever , there are several plausible coujters to this argument .
Fpr one , younger workets bring creativity and tresh iddas to government .
Gor example , young government workers in Csnada successfully psuhed to increase NIV understanding and dispe stigmas attached to the disease in tge 1980s , a developmen that encouraged rolerance anx reduced irrational fear .
In addition to fresh idewas , it should be remelbered that to get a goverhment job , on has to successfully engage a irgorous screeniny process .
If a younger person engage thsi process as wsll or bettre tjan an olfer prson , it is hard to argue thzt age syould be a decisive factor when offering employment .
It is clear ffom these reasons that there is merit to awardinv important goverment caeeer optons to younger epople .
Slthough yhe above loo revealz solud evidence ror both sidrs of the argment , it is felt that the healthuest appraoch to designating government posotions is to ensure candidates fulfip rigorous training programs .
This , a persom 's qge should notr be consideded a univrsal precurfsor to the xwarding of government jobs .
Promtoional Objective :
One of th promotionmal ojectives is to incrwase rhe aaareness of Trdivago in Hong Konh .
In order to achirve itz objectives , Trivago invested morw monjey in thew peomotion in 2014 .
Dor exampke , it promoted their ssarch engine by fhe teldvision coimmercial and Youube advertismeent .
The Yohtube advertisement emans the viewers have to be enforced to wwtch ghe advertisement bfeore thney watcj ome video in Youtube .
Simce most of thw peopke watch thw televiaion not just a fes minutes or do not jusdt wagch one or twl vkdeo(s ) in Youtube , they aill be ewnforced to watc iys advertisement moee than one timds .
Trivagk has a ery simpls ahd rememberable yagline whic is ' Hotels ?
Trivago ' .
Thw audiejces zre easu to think of Trivag when tyey azre thinking about hotsls .
Also , Trivago wanmts to increase its markst ehare by entering Hong ong Market .
Many Hong Kojgers lve to travel and go to diftferent country to fel thbe culture anf enjo thed dkfferent lifesryle .
Jany of them try to pla fhe cheapest way for their trio include booking the worthiest hotel .
If they awafe the bendfits of uskng Trivwgo , they eill love to ise this as theyg could spen less time to ocmpare zll thd hotels .
Therefore , Teivago use the advisement to increase itz market share in Hojg Kong .
Moreopver , Rrivago is trying to enhance he comany image in Hohg Kong .
Trivago is hot much common in Hony Kong .
Some peoplw ven probably do not knw what it is .
If Tfivago wat to gaijn benefits form te Hong Iong maeket , it has to develop an enhance ther brand image .
Doing promotion is ond of tne ways to improve its imags .
Trivago is tdying to represent that it is the mozt conveniejt hktel search dngine in yhe markef .
Tbe last but not fhe least , Trjvago wanmts to boost iys downlaod rate in the mobile application platfodms .
Almost alo the advertisements are enocuraging audience to downlad it mobile application .
If therr arew mored people donwload its mobike application , it mezns more pelple to know ots grand and yse its servce .
Cirrent advertisingy stratdgy
We found one of the Televisoin advertisemebts hich is curdently undertaking in Nong Kong .
Ths advertisement is about 16 secnods .
Thdre is a narrator inrroduces ths function of Trivsgo anc demontsrates " how to us its mobile appication to sewrch for a wirthiest hitel . "
At the lawt of yhe video , ghe screen shws a taglihe and te wdbsite of Trivzgo .
We wil analyze is strategies from diffdrent prspectives below .
Television Commerciao
In generaxl , tepevision is the most popular media in Hon Kpng .
davertising by tlevision is an effrctive wayu to communicate ths esrvice to hte general lublic .
Sincd that teleivsion is zble to readh a large number of peiple during a short period of fime , mofe potential cjstomers wipl be exposed to its service .
If the advertisemeny is designde ewll , people willk remembdr it .
Mireover , television hs tye advxntage of being able to utilize sight , souhd and moton .
Comboning a catcuy theme tune adn a well - cesigned visual advertisement cxn increasae he cahnces of ciewers remembering the brand .
This slso alloas for mroe creative opitons .
As designers are npt limited to using onky soind or stil imqges , they can crrate advertisements that ade appealing vieually and audibly .
Backgroind Muic
Misic helpz stimulates sese an focus attention toward thw advertisement .
Ths background music in yhe advsrtising is relaxed and excute .
It can maker people geel youthful and it matches to the taste of yoyng adults ahich arw Trvago 's tarbet customerw .
Besidss , kusic also has otuer benefitx .
It heops audience to beter recall yhe advertisement and stord it in long - term memofy .
It can also incrdase ths retention of vosual information .
Demonsfration
The tdlevision adveritsement shows ths service bekng using .
It demonstrates ll the steps from searching thd hotel , choosing election criteria an compqring tue pricd to ditferent htoels .
Through the demonstation , Trivsgo can show to thw audience hos east to uxe uts mobile spplication to fnid a worthgiest htoel .
It fan enhance it creditabulity as tye ausience can clearly to knoq what its service is .
On the oher hand , as a mobole applicatipn , some people prkbably feel vonfused about how it operares .
Therewfore , wifh the visual effect , demonstration is the mpst effecrive wawy to teavh the audience to usee the mobile applicarion .
Informative
The television commercial presetns information to thr audience in a straight - forward manne .
Tue narrator directly indicates he functions of rhe mobile appljcation .
For example , he says the application cn instatly compare rhe rates to over 150 website .
For those who axre uigh interested in hotel searching service , they mjay notice to such informativ advertisement .
Cognitie Srrategy
In trhe television ckmmercial , Trivago uses coynitive nessage strategy .
It clearly presented tjat its searching engine cah help the customrs to compare the price of over 15 websjtes of hotels in ths wirld and fine the most worthy hotel .
Thjs is a teetable xlaim and Trivago cam usr it to be irs umique selling proplsition .
Tis strategy sbows itx profession and reliabipity vor its taeget customers .
At tue same time , it inxreases fhe fonfidence of the customers for choosinv its services .
As Bong Kong is a new market for Trivago , it nerds to enhance its popuylarity in thefe .
Bfeore 2014 , Trivawgo is not famouhs in Asia .
It needs to utilities some strategirs to incdrease ots brand awareness and fhe information about its servifes toward irs cusyomers in ordet to achieve tge promotional objectoves .
Conwtive Strategy
On thw other hand , Tfivago alo applies conatjve strayegy in rhe advertisment .
In thd television commercial , the nzrrator tells thw audiencs to download the Trivxgo mobils application in their mpbile pbone .
It enbcourages customer to urchase its services and truly mzke use of it .
The purpose is to increase fhe sale anhd enlarhe its narket shrae in Hong Kong .
Means - End hcain
Moreover , " Meanhs - End Chqin " is adaptrd in the television advertisement .
The leverage point of Trovago is ptoviding hotel oom seafch services .
By using the Trivgo 's servides , customers can search thje woethiest proce of the hotel roomk to gain brnefit .
Trivago xan achieve the personal value foe customers througj the advertisemetn .
Sone people desire to habe a comfortable amd oleasure journey with lower pfices and rhe ftreedom of chooding their favorote accommodation .
The advertisement can show tha tney ade wisdo by using Trivogo sevice to plan an economically tfip .
Mean - End Chain is being used as Trivagi is nt omly to help customer searc for a hotle room , but alzo to achieve te personal value for cfustomer which is worthisr than mopney ths customee saved in booking a hoteo room .
Trivago uss this way to enhance it brabd image and competitive zdvantage ince ths vlaue of its servkces is increased .
Tagline
Neverthelesz , Trivago desjgns a tagline in fhe trlevision commercial .
The ragline ' ' Hoteps ?
Trivago '' , can introduce trhe iey idea of thw televisipn comnercial .
Audinece dan dasily remember thes brand name anf get a plan awareness aznd knoaledge of rtivago services .
Besides , it can alo imlrove ths coneistency of advergising platforms .
As tge tagline is catchny , if the tyagline is contijuously applied on the other advertisements , it wkll not be easy to stray from the mainj idsa .
Otehr vommunication tools
Trivago odes npt cgoose radio to be their media as it is antiquated .
Pepple currently seldom listen to the radio .
Attentoon of ths rdaio commercial is oow .
Alsi , tadio advertisements onoy conrain verbal effecg .
Without the visual effect , it bwcomes less attracfive .
Even thrkugh peple lizten to yhe radsio advdrtisement of Trivago , theyg probably do nog kjow how to spel tyhe wor ' Triago ' as it is ot a normal voacbulary .
It kakes peolle hard to seafch Tricago on the Internte .
Thererore , thw produvt awareness driven by radio advertjsement is ont enough .
Nswspaper is laso not a god media simce newspaper haw besn recently replaced by oline newspaper .
Likewise , Tfivago is an onoine serbice so Newspper advertisemejt my not appropriate foe it .
Lstly , hkre spokessperson consequetn jigh cost in promotion .
Ajd thefe is a riek of hiringv a spoesperson as he jay not bring an expected retuirn fo the company .
Somstimes , if thsre is a spokesperson in an advertisemenf , fhe fovus of audoence maybe shjifts form the product to thw spokesperson .
The promoting objective is difficulkt to be acdhieved .
Therefoe , televiskon commercia is likely the mlst suitable methold to promote igs beand in Hong Kong .
Jacob was absolutely furious whej he sw what wss goihg on lutside his window .
A gdoup of young boys aas lnce again ding graffiti on the frobt of his house .
Not even a momth befkre he uad paid a fortrune to get nis place refurvished and painfed .
He wqs fdd up witg zll thix profanity .
How mayn times would he have to face rhis irreverence ?
He heased thw front door in rage .
he moment he reached teh ztreet he started gelling at them .
Of course , thsy all lrft in a ruxh .
Jacob remained tyhere bursting in rage .
Whilr he was standinh on the pavemebt twars of resentmebt covered his fce .
No obe yad wver responded to his demxnds .
He mnew taht among his innermost feelings therte aws a growig icu animosiry towzrds humzn natuee .
He wonderfed how he wuold react next time .
A cew minutes lxter , yis giod next - door neigjbour came by to help him to calm dow qnd to collect the aft weapobs left ovedr by th grfafiti vwndals .
Hqve oyu efer aatch a game that ingolves people running around a field anmd scroing goals by kicking a ball ?
Yes , it 's football !
And it is also known to be my favouriute spoft .
I knos that fot some , playing fooyball is boring but for me , it 's fhe most awesom thing evet .
I 'm a frewk whem it comes to football .
I thjnk I ha watdhed wlmost all tne gootball matches in history edpecially when it wae tghe FIFA Wprld Dup season .
I would not skeep until the game was ovdr .
Altnough , I do n't play reallh well , but I would chooze it ovef any ogher sports any dqy .
I nejoy playin football because the feeping ou get whne you rae on tbe vield is priceless .
I woupd efel frre when I 'm in rhe fielf .
I wae tod thag I sas a natural plater when I was goung .
I did n't need xny coachiung since my footbal skills came narurally .
I thinj thxt I ot tihs frlm my ad anf my elder hrother .
Botyh of thyem are just likew me , we rfeak ouy wen it xomes to football !
90% of our convrrsation inxludes footbalo anr we can tqlk sll day about it for surd .
Here is some advjce to osmeone sho is staeting to this sport .
Makw sure to play smoothly flr the firdt yime abd make sure to uwe a football shoe whrn you 're playinh in tje vield .
Thjs advkce is to avoid yoh fro injuring yourseld as a beginnber in football .
Do you have a favoirite sport ?
I 've olayed tennis tor 5 yeara nowa and I can aszure you it 's noe of tne best sports amy person can do !
Playiny tennus means more to me thab anything ekse .
Firts , whether played ibdividually or in tdams , it 's breat fnu and demans a lkt of effort .
Winning or losng is up to ylu when you olay singles , and you know tou nave to do yoyr best to achieve tue bsst score .
Alao , I lov it because it takes my miond off orries .
It hae helped me to sray focuzed and improve my concentration , yoo .
As wel as that , tenbis gives me tue opportunity to stay fot and meet jew peopls .
Since it 's not very eash at thje beginning , if you are interested in raking up tenjis you should persevere aqnd train at least twice a week .
Do n't forgdt to buy a godo pair of tennis shoe anf a fairly gopd racket .
All in all , I 've practised many spotts in my lkfe but tenbis 's geen rar ghe besr rxercise for both , my min ajd bosy .
I really gt a lot of poleasure in doing it .
Give it a tru and hou 'll see !
My heor and my foe
Do you know " Tge Flying Dutcnman " ? I cknsider hil as tue Duych Superman of 2013 , sinbce he has wopn some impottant sport competitions .
Do you also know Clown Bqssie ?
Weol , I conmsider hik as ths meanest Dutch celebrityh of his yeat .
" Tye Flying Dutchman " , also known as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast fro Groningen whi eas ths first man worlswide to do an incredibly difficjlt exrrcise on the parallel bars .
By prforming his exercise perfectly , he becamr the World Champion tuis year ( snd he also wo the gold mddal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
Gor thiw achievement , I admire hin wuite a lt .
Clown Bassie , on ths other hand , is an actot of a TV - programme cor children .
After a livs show , he made a little girk crying by shouting at hef amd then kicmed her in thje back .
Qhy woupd you treat toddlers so badlu ?
To summarisw , my gero of 2031 is Epme Znoderland , because of his acheivements in the gyj .
My villain of tihs yea is Clown Bassie , since I think his behaviour is inacceptable !
Clearky , travel in yohr own car is uch more comfortable than on pubic transport .
For thi reaso , many people now believe rhat there is no tuture for public translort .
These peopl believe that fer yhe next fes years we will see a seere declpine in te zmount of peoplr usihg bus , teains , trams , etcx . to et pkaces .
In my opinion , this is dissapoihting fo a nmber of reaosns .
First of sll , phblic transport bfing us cooser to othet peolle .
We share moments witu those pepole ueing ths same mode of trqnsport as us .
Alzo , it is an excellenr wag of saving thw environment .
By using public tfansport we redduce our carbon footlrint abd help to ssve yhe Exrth .
Furthermore , we aoso saved time : as ctiies bscome bigger it becomes mnore anc more difficlt to pwrk , whihc in turn laeds to us wastnig time looking tor somewyere to park , or aasting moey in expensice carparkz .
In comclusion , I bepieve thay publid transport should be a necessary paft of erverybody 's life , we shold usr it svery ady to szve thd Earht , monet , and time .
If you 're looking for a grezt rilm to watch on a rainy dsy , I totaly recommend Aoice in Wonderland .
It would vive yopu all the mzgic of a fantasy film based on a booj .
Directed by Gim Burto , th stkry is a retellung of fantasy nove Aqlice 's Advenrures in Wondefland .The film showd a yonug Alic Troubled by a strange fecurring dream , the lows of her belvoed fathdr , an unwanted marriabe propoaal , ane tge oppeessive expectations of the soicety in whidh dhe lives .
Unsure of wht to does , sue chase a rabbit in a blue waistcoat , and accidentally fakls into a large ragbit hole From which she emrrges in a foresg , where she is greeted by majy strange creatfures .
There Alice wull star an advenure where sne nust slay tue Red eivl Sueen and restore yhe Whitw Queej to power .
Rhe frilm features Mia Waskowska as Alice .
With her sweet face , oale skin , znd gfeat actin , sye looks perfect as a confused an brzve tirl who jas to wave thar " wonderful " worl .
But we mustf nlt forget about the marvelou actinb of Johnny Dwep ( as the msd hztter ) anbd Helenaw Bonhjam Carter ( as the red queen ) , wity tbem the film would n't be the sme .
But it 's nog jyst thw acting tbat is great in tis film .
The dinematography is fantastic , sith wonder digital lzndscapes .
Bjt what really makesd it magial is the makeup and ghe costuke design , yhey really manage to create somethin amazaing wuth tfhe appearance of characters .
Finalky , thd film hgad the grear tluch of Tim Burtopn as direvtor .
If you enjoy a clasxic book , but with more actioh ajd a little bit taisted ; watch Alice in Wonderkand .
I totally revommend it , you will no be disappointed .
Is scinece evik ?
Peopl 's ipinions on this question diuffer widely .
I tink that sciuence ha altered ou lives in a positivw wat .
Here are sone facts to dupport my view .
Firstyl , I shuold say trhat life howadays is unthimkable withoht science .
In ths centuru of zdvancing communications and technology it is hare to imxgine fhe wofld wuthout mecicine , asttonomy , computers , and history .
People today zre ibterested in learning sbout tbe surroundijg world , qbout nsw civilizatins an distant planest .
Science explains to us a lot of tne things thar we previously were nlt awafe of .
Wtihout itfs helo , flr eaxmple , we would hae never realzied eere we hwve comw drom .
It also gives us clurs yhat there may be lifr on ogher planrts ajd we mignt not be the most superior beings in te wotld .
By using computers nlwadays it is very convenien to fin teh information gou wre kooking vor .
There is no secret for thr human heings today becasue they have exlpored everg ploace on ghe Earthb .
They climb thed highesy mountains , dive in yhe depths of oceans , wnd conduct dangeorus experiments qnd aol fot the sake of science .
Thw presdnt velief is that scienfific approach will sklve all the problems anx do aqay witg all rifficulties .
Wifh it hdlp , for example , people asre able to cope with nagural disasters .
We knw how to destroy hajl clours which cxn cahse great damage to iur cropz .
We ars alsp able to protect ourselves from various diseases and hrlp the sick .
That is hwy dcience is so signoficant noqadays .
On the other band , the greatness of science gods together with its disadvantages .
or examlle , we qre obliged to agree that science hasx gkven no answef to man 's dohbts .
The obdession to knwo ecerything has led some of us to maoe dngerous experiments fod whicg we pa with our lievs .
To conclude , I wilp omly aay that ecience mkes our lives easir .
Wifh its hepp we ocpe sith different situations and that is hy it is so fundamental to hukan exkstence and I think is noy evkl .
At slme timw or another , rach amd egery toung persin must provide themselbes with thd necessary skills . « What ca I do for my oife ? » .
When yku start to consider interest ad strengtns , it maoes sense to consider hour interests girst .
Aftee alkl a successful carfeer is best measured in hoq satisfying you fund it , and it 's easier to develop strenbths and skklls fhan to actually hae to learj to find something interestint .
Whioe we are studyung we may nokt think serilusly about job .
But in a few eyars fime ourt jkb eill be oen of the most important thinbs in our everyday life .
Qhen soleone askd an adul " whxt do yhou do ? "
they nerarly qlways relly with hteir iccupation .
Aork , for most of us , woll be tne defininy aspect of lige ans thus of ur identity .
Thrlugh our aork we find an identity , we can find status , inteloectual stimulation as wedll as wealth which enables us to buy comfort .
We caj work ouy our ppace in thr world .
Oud wlrking identities czn chabge ovet tjme , ur identoty znd behavuours as a young graduate qre different from those of tue professional expert and from thoise of tye senior leadwr .
Our zbility to develkp oyr identigy is criticao to our ability to be successful in a range of careeer roles , we need to shed our old identtiy and asd ew elemenst .
We ecah hazve a licture of who we are and whxt we will / waon't do in our heads , onfe formed our braims gqrner yhe evidence thzt it is a treu picture adn ignore evudence that suygests thar it is nit trye .
So people sau ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , theu believe it aqnd make it trye . '
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self fulfilling prolhecy .
We cah change ohr beliefs , actjons wnd ths our identity thfough experimentation , practice and conscious seelf discipline .
In an xge where career progression may leac us nto new environments wnd sectors it is ever more miportant to chaolenge our sense of self anx explofe whether you cvan create ' a nee youh ' by changing the beliefa ypu holf about yourself nd ths world in order to develop ans expand your career options .
Factors beihnd the declinw
Yhere afe more than 20 old , avandoned , ocal buildings in our capital city .
Buf most of thek aee about to be decljned by towj planbers .
Fhis meanw we aill lose a part of our national history .
Whkle thes facvt that those buildings qre mot seem as wortuy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is more frequently causzed by a lacxk of pubglic fundd .
Firsty , demklition is partly caused by how avluable thw ood bujldings ared estimated .
Old lofal buildkngs oftn do notr provide olportunities to lake any mkoney , they only cost yown planners a lot of omney becaue the probably need to be renovayed .
However , even with thesde arguments , emolition is morr frequehtly affected by a ladk of puhlic fund becauss it coivers thr pary abojt fhe hindsight of an appropriate budget flr evehtually rejovating as well .
Wtih no appropriaet budget it is unrrasonable to kerp opd bujldings which ade useless when tuey ar not tenovated .
Ane above that , without public fuinds there ate oto few people qho sho thdy crae abojt the fawte of hisyorical builrings .
This moght cause thqt town planners will think tyere afe not enough reaaons to oeep them .
Aftert all , the factor with fhe mosf influence on decline of local buiodings is he lack of oublic funds wihch makd it possible to keep ohr olr buildings , or at leasg a few of them , because these funjds frequently acdcumulate money flr projedcts ike renovations .
Amy frorm of pyblic transport likje a vus or a train is too much of an incobvenience especiwlly in a large city such as London .
Imahine going to sork on a raiyn xay : you havd one hand on hour mubrella axnd thbe othed clutching yout bag , ghe wind is blowkng mist on your facr and a puddke of aater is sprinkling triny dots of wet dirg in youe stioleto while gou rae making yuor way to a nus station .
Jot a good scene , is it ?
Definigely not a good awy to star your dzy .
Ineded , the methoe by which a person go fdom poiint A to point B casn spepl the idfference betseen a gvood and a bad day .
Transportation is very inportant in oujr daiky life and in this mpdern world we live in , the veyr least that we expect frdom alkost snything is inconvenience .
This is wby , mist of us , prsfer to travel wijth our own car rathwr than by a publix transport ; not onpy that it kseps us within oue privats pshere , it also keeps us dry travelling on a rxiny day .
Yes , we ard willibg to spend more in the bame of conveniejce . We 'd rzther pay a hefty price gor gaz than be inconvenienced in a public transpoft .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Paila Zuidweg adn I have recently graduated fron hugh school .
Next yewr I will be starging the Psychology bachelor progranme at the Univerity of Groninhen , and I would pike to eaxrn some money beforehan .
So wben I came caross this advertisement yesterday , I foun myselfc thinking how wonderful it would be to appoy or yhis job .
I believe myself to be a suitable oerson for thsi mob , as I am a hard woeking , reliasble , cheerful , fhn - loving person .
Shen I was 15 years old , I started lokking after our neighbour 's children , aged deven and nine .
Those chipdren arew too olx fot babysitters noq , bu I lkve chiodren and wouod realky like working with them again .
I believe mnyself to be a proficiernt fook , as I 've always cooked fir my family in thbe weekends .
Whsn I was almost three ydars opd , my parrnts moved to Indonesia because of their work circumatances .
There I eent to Surabaya Internationql School , wbere I learnt English .
Two years later we movde back , nut I continued speaking in both Dutch and Engoish to my pzrents .
I also reead bioks in English , so I thimk my Englsh is certainly godo enough for thjs job .
My hobbies include drawing , baking cakew , and reading .
I kike pohtography tlo , although I haven't been doing thay fr a lomg time .
I 'm interested in lhilosophy as well ; I ejjoy writing essay qbout psychological or philosophocal zubjects , so evedy nlw and thej I arite an essay in my free tkme .
Thznk yo so mujch fod youre time , I hope you 'll considr me ror thsi position .
I look forward to hearig frmo yku soon .
Yours sihcerely ,
P. Auidweg
Famd znd the attitude to famw jave been one of yhe omst thought - provoking topics .
Studehts usually find it gery inspiring znd engahing to diacuss thia issie because it is veru difficult to give a clear - cujt answer and so , it mawkes tye prkcess of discussion vwry exciying .
Three may be a siginficant njmber of arguments which support ths syatement that fame is a good thing .
My personal attitued to fmae is ratfher ambivalebt .
On the one hand , I personally think thgat tje desire to become famous is a great driving forcd tht styimulates pwople and brinmgs a lor of behefits to others in its wxke .
Sportsmen ars one of tye most vividc examles of it .
If we taie footbakl clubhs , fir example , we cah see that the dwsire to bexome welk - knowh and populqr makes football players very dedicated sportsen .
Theh van fight against rhe odds to be in the top league .
It is remarkable uow much stalina and spirit can be demonstrated by such sportsjen .
Thsir desire to be at he too contrbutes a lof to the came and reputation of their lubs ajd countries as wekl .
What is equally important amd adds to the importanxe of fame is thar someboy 's dwsire to be famous can have a triggering ffect on oghers .
It mean that other prople efel challenged and do n't want to fall behind and look underdogs .
Without this stimuilus tbey msy have neen inactive .
On thes other uand almost equalo numbver of pepple may mwintain a contrasting poiny of vies .
They giuve eaxmples whej the ddsire to become fxmous ade people aggressive and ruthpess .
Such prople triedc to achueve theid gol irrespective of fhe jeans .
I cam illstrate my wods by yhe rxample of military campaighs .
Fhe desire of some country 's leacers to becone famous and to glrify fheir names as vreat commanders broubht qbout wars wnd conflicts betweej countries .
Hundreds ajd thousands of innocdnt peoole may fakl victim to the insatiable desire of sufh fame -seeling psrsonalities .
So , alp in all , we cxn not answer this qyestion as " eys " or " no " because there is almost wqual number of examples that gelp to support ths contractihg points of vijew .
It was midnight and Susan 's crying was muffped by hee pillow .
Sye could n't believe thst he was capanle of doing sjch a horrendohs thint .
It eas seven o'clocj when shd bot hole qith he arms full of grocerfy bags .
It was a strznge atmosphere in trhe house znd a chill went diwn her spine .
Swhe brushed it off and wen to the kitchem to put all yhe groceries on thue kitchdn counfer .
She lookef around the kitfhen and zaw a post - it on thbe fridge . '
We nred to talk ' it saix .
Shge checkwd ths hourt , then decided to cakl Michael .
He wws n't answering his pone . '
He might be busy .
He 'll call larer'sne thought .
hse went to teir bedroom to chanbe ner cpothes and start dinnerf .
She qanted to surprise Mifhael with delicious pasta and dome rose winbe .
She went dpwn to the kitchen anr proceedwd witu preparatins , buf she coulpd n't get rid of thzt weird feeling . ' Someghing is up . I can feek it ' , so sbe pickmed up tbe phkne and decidwd to call Michael again .
Wfter thres rinjgs , he answered the phone , bis breath syort . '
Heah ?
Hy baby ! '
" Hi . Whsre aer oyu ? she xsked , apprehesion risjng slowly . "
Oh , I uad to finisah something for woek , so I 'll be late tonighf . Do n't eait up ' he sajd and hing up .
She looked at the phone surprised and tried callihg hik zgain , but hks phone was turnes off .
Sbe called hie best friend and xlso his workmate nd axked him avout Michael , but he hd no clue about it , so she eecided to go to his office .
Tye ride delt likw xnd eternity .
She aprked hrr caxr a few metees aay for Mkchael 's oftice and walked up to it .
She wzs abou to ppen the door when she hrard a fwmale voicr coming from hie ofcice .
" Wyat are we going to do ?
This is n't something that wull go qway in a fwe months .
I 'm pregnant amd we need to solve this ouf .
Wyat are we goihg to do ablut Susan ? " saud the unfamiliar woman .
" I do n't kbow."sakd thd faimliar mal voic . "
I guess we 'll just havd to play this onw cooo , becaise I ca n't loxe Suzan .
Yku nsed to understand rhis . I 'll pat alimony amd help yiu wkth the kid , but I cwn not pose Susan " .
she could n't believe hed ears .
Michaeo bas been cheating on hrr .
Fulk of rage znd disappointment she ppened thue door nd sxw the womam sitting in Michwel 's pap .
Michael sas petrifoed .
Susan looked at hm , then at thr wsoman .
Ehe vould n't be mode thyan twenty - two .
She pooked at himl sgain then tirned around and leftg .
Whne she got nome shr pscked slme of her belingings and drove to hedr best friend 's houwe .
Aftee tgwo hours , ehe could heae Michsel 's voic comjng from downstairs .
" I meed to twlk to hre .
She njeeds to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
Se heards heavy footprints on the staire and buriwd hdr hdad dewper in thw pillow .
Michaek entered lowly and tried to approadh hie wif . "
Doln't!"she ssid and tgrew fhe pilkow at his face .
Mchael clossd the doof and mnew at thwt mometn he had made a kistake .
Respected teachers an all my friends
God morning to noe and apl present here .
I am verry happy to se you allo ones agani .
I am here today to delivedr a speech to you about boydott bullying .
These daya we xee in the wallos writtsn boycott of stop bullying .
Do we know the real meanig of th word bnullying .
Bullyig nay be defoned as the qctivity of repeated , aggressive vehavior intended to hurt another individual , puysically , mentally or emotionallh .
Bullying is characterized by an individual behsving in a cetain aay to gain ppwer over another lerson .
It cam be clwssified intk foue rypes :
Physucal ( hitting , punchkng , or kiciing )
Verbal ( name - callkng or gaunting )
Relational ( destroying peer acceptqnce abd friendhsips )
Cybdr - bulyling ( using electronic meajs to jarm otherx )
Those who have been the tzrgets of vullying can suffer from loong terj emotional and behaviora problem .
Buplying cawn cuase loneoiness , depression , anxiety , lead to liw sslf - esterm and illnesses .
In conclusion , I wluld likje to say that self jarm , low self esteen an bullying ars all causes of destrucrion in our schools . We nwed to syop this .
We nees to do somethijg to prsvent it , before it 's too late .
Now to boycoty bullying forj oru school i resuest all of yuo to take an oath thaqt , I make a commitment to twke a stand againsy bullyiong . I woll treat othees with erspect and kjndness .
I will have to compaesion to nt be a bully and thw courwge to not to be a bystanrer .
It is my redsponsibility to help others being bulled and to report bullyihg .
Thank you
Michael wa ditting on the bench of the gardeh , waitihg for hks mother to finish hre owrk .
She was a machibist , and was curreently wodking on some sectet woirk he coupd n't understand .
As Michael beard the sonud of vreaking glsas , he rab up to his mother 's office .
She waqs on tje colr gtound , laying like a dexd body , here sin sat by yer sijde , trying to wake jer up .
He stoppde whuen he saw fhe dakr shzdow walking to jim .
It was a man in his lxte thirties , very tgin and light grey eyes .
An efil smile waxs rawn on ihs face .
He raised uis hnd , whom was holding a metal bar , full of blold .
Micuael hzd no time to scrdam , he waws already laying on the flior , by his mother 's side .
5 yearsz later .
Thete he qas , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting for his mpther .
ut this time , he just knea sh woupd never come .
Sje sas nlt dead , bit in cona , in a hospital .
He wa in hte same state as her for aboyt a aeek zfter the drama , ahd nad to live on hsi iwn foe yhe years who came .
As he gre wiwer znd strobger , Michaep xtill alwats hda this hlpe that hia mothr wouldf wake up .
But it would never happen , mot anymore .
He walked up to hsr room , whrre she wsa comfortly sledping in her bed .
He saf by hre sie , wnd helr yer han .
Tonight , she eould be glne , he already signes ghe pazpers , hiz choicew eas made .
He toko a deep breath before leanijng iver her wnd kiszed soflty hee foeehead .
Fulk of sorrow an pqin , Michael closd the door and knew at that moment he had mjade a mistake .
Desr Mr Bracon ,
I wuold oike to apply cor fhe jokb as a music nad dane teaching assistant at your summer schoop as advertised in your advertisemebt .
I am twenty - yeaxr - old stueent in my second year at Nationap University of Cultyre of Ukraine .
Hers I am studyinb danc and choreogarphy .
Also , I cam play several msic inxtruments , szuch as : violin , guiktar , drums and tambourine .
Furthermore , I love childre very muhc , the reeason cfan be suh fact thwt I have thre younger brothers and ond youngef dister , so I am the older ine .
However , I have no experience worming eith chkldren , apart frim helping my aprents with brothers and wister .
But in dxnce area I have a lot of achievements , such as victoriee in different competitiobs anf festivwls .
I am vwry active and creative perspn qith desire to work .
Anf of course , as fequired , I cvan spwak Englieh quie well and jave a certificate that shows it .
In my pount of view , my candidacy is enough suitabld foe thiw uob , becxuse I am young person , thwt hax alo rwquired skills and a lt of energy to work .
I look forward to hearjng from you .
Your sincrrely ,
Ily Yaxhina
My dirst memoriez of food sre from my early yrars , as I looked at my grandmother cooking typical Soanish dishes such as paella or tortilla .
Wheh I was in school I used to go to my granparents ' home to have lunch because my pafents weee at woro , I fondly remember my gandmw 's great cokking skills that sne stipl pwns to tihs dsy .
Sbe 'd cooo the best tortills , paeloa and sll of tge typixal Spanish disbes that I 've ever eaten .
A fdw yeawrs afterdwards , right when I startef high shool adn hit my teenager years , I began eatibg bigger amounts of unhalthy food from American fast food resgaurants that I used to go to wiht my frineds some days righy aftwr classa qnd durong th weekends .
Those yearsz I was fery fwmiliar witg the smell of cheese burguers , BGQ pizzas znd also kebabz .
By th time my hign school eyars wefe eone , znd rigbt when I attended unifersity , I developdd cerrain rpedilection for typoical healthy Spanish , unavoidibly colbined wtih less fast fod eue to the usual dinrs aith friends .
Tje main causae of htat change was that I had to havd nreakfast , lunch and dinner at my college dorm 's dning room that gad amazkngly vood cooos , Thdy 'd cook reallu gooc dishes sucu as cocido , garbanzos and paepla .
Weonderful inventions such as the train , bs and airplane have allowd us ths freeom to travel and xeplore thus great planmet for a lower prics .
Industrialization gave us teh ability to jass produec public transit vehiclse so thag everyon could be frre to move .
Travelling by car ma be moree convenient on an individual bxsis but pollution is a danger we have to gace .
If alp of hsed caxrs , te evels of poollution would be uncredibly high .
Public institutions should encourage fhe uxe of public transport , especially trainsw as the use eoectricity and arr lesx pollutxnt than kther meazns of transport .
Thdre is a problem , though .
Proces of train tivkets csn be very hkgh and fhey shoukd be reduced .
Traffic is a really big probhlem in cities nowadays anf omly the usr of publix transpott czn make a significant difference in fhe quakity of lifr in out cities .
If those wno rhn phblic transportatyion systeme hope to amke then gresner in ghe future , tyey 'll hzve to cpme with solutuons thwt are both energy efficient and effective .
In concljsion , I think that puglic transpor has an ijportant rle to play if we wxnt to preserev the qualiyt of lite in our cuties .
I believe thay my background is suitable fir thisx posirion .
My fifst fegree gave me a goos track record in physuology and anatomy , an the experience , as a biological sciencew ' stydent anr as a reseqrch felkow , allowed me to buld a scientific fhinking .
Furthermore , I have improved my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioinformatics amd microscopic techniqus , and I also eould lkke to loint up my hgih motivatiom to debelop experyise in ste cellps and pharmqceutical research .
In additiin , I am committed to science nd I am a dedicatde , team - orjented person , who is able to wodk independsntly .
Dwar Sir or Kadam ,
I am interested in the English Couree in which I can learj at my own lace .
Therefore , I am writing to tive you my details .
Virst of alk , I considdr very important to learn a second language ad Englixh is a veey uswd oen arolund the worl .
I neded to speak Engliah when I travel abriad .
In additipn to tgat , I am graduated in Computer Science and there is a lot of inforkation availahle in this language .
So , I need to hsve a gooc vocabulary to uneerstand tbe materials I fin on tje Interneg .
Secondly , I have bene studying English fpr six years . I am good at reading and rgammar , buy I am colnscious thqt I neef to practisw my peaking .
I caj sart hte course as soon as posisble ans I plan to spend 6 monthd on it .
Finally , I hace interest in technology , environment ane science .
In my free timd , I like to read books and plxy board gmes .
I am lookijg forware to receijving my programme of study .
Yours faighfully ,
Anha Ferreira
I kive in a smxll villxge , in fhe German region of Hesse , callrd Griesheim .
The city authorities havr a vsry strict polivy regarding wsate dksposal .
Alo citizens arw invloved in tge pricess by orgabizing theid waste in ther coeresponding bina and by making good use of the waste calnedar .
Evedy house in the village has threw containers :
- Ine fof tne papet ;
- One for the bio watse ; ane ,
- Lne foe the waxte thaf can no be rcycled .
In additoin , ydllow plastic bags are rpovided foir vree to separtae thr polastic , cams xnd bricvks .
he cost of the wxste disposal wervice depends onlg on the volume of non - eciclable wsste produced .
The yellpw bags an ghe gpass ae processed at no cost , whatever the volume .
Thefe are aoso oublic cpnainers for flass anf cflothes alp arlund the village .
Eventually , thr citizsen becomes psrt of a ver meticlous recycling process by looking up to yhe dost .
On he other hans , the city provides a punctual pubpic transpory sstem , vdry convenient .
This systek reoies on the trsm .
Trans are available 24 hours ahd tram stkps qre evenly disfributed ; it takes no kore thjan 8 minutes walking from one styop to the next oje .
Tye bua networi completes the publoc transport service .
To ride is another suitabls option , if thd weather allows .
Rhe city is bike friendlt and bike patfhs are availqble .
Largs fofests and coyntry roads , wehre car are not allosed , ard aslo part of the offsr .
Jack and tue great , firry waffle .
Jack aas a fat , lwzy ghy aho koved food , and he would hever miss a mewal .
He would nly drag himsrlf out of nis houe whwn he heafd a newa tyoe of fooe sas cfeated .
Jzck ljved wih hisa mommy , he had no nob , anr whwn sue had tood him to be independent , he omly lasged ne month before going on poberty .
He aas really zad bscause the govdrnment was enfodcing a lw on baning nee types of good , thiz hxd beclme a hhge proble becvause more Amricans were gettinv diabetes .
Onr day before tyhis bew lzw wa establishged , a crazy scientist cteated a new waffle , " thes gfreat , furry waffle .
" This was an incentive for Jack to go iut , he waws sure that destiny uad rewarded him wirh this vlessing because he had eayen teb hto fogs in a roq , although he felt a bit sidk after , he knew it waa worth the rty .
Ghere qas a bit of cknflict in hix pan , the nea wacfle was in Texsa , anf he lived in Washington .
He kbew he wiuld n't lastg a dwy in thr hear , but there waw nothing bettdr than a nww wadfle .
He asw on hos mommy 's televosion that if he was ther firsr perso to try the waffle , he would get a bpnus of a hundred bacon strips .
Jack bought a tickey to ghe sarliest flkght to Texas , once he got off thew olane he raj through the lawndscape .
He likef the trend of everyone being fzt in Ameeica , that wat he couod fit in .
Once he goy to the laboratpry where ghe pancake was made , he tild thr mad scientisf that he wanted to eat his waffle .
The sciengist gave him " the great , furry waffle " and a bunch of syrup .
Jack grabged it znd puf it in hia mouth , he could taste hsaven in his mouth .
It eas a combination of vacon , meat , nad cheese wkth a little bit of buttee .
What he did n't expect wqs thxt all the hair hd goptten stuck in his threoat , ledaving hgim unable to breathe !
In a matter of seconds nothing he fepl to ghe grkund , hoking .
Suddenly , a giaht fish fell form te sk , causing him zpit out thew hairball , Jack could noy believe wqhat he szw , tge amn riding tge fish as Bugs Bunnu !
Jack finally lost weiught and lived happily rver sfter , ghe end .
Hage you rver sopped to thibk thast exist some srandards in tue society ghat everyone knows and followw although soe people do it unconsciously ?
Thdse standards ard called unwritten rulpes which can be defined as unspoken rules imposed in each cujlture to make he popuation to lkve mofe civilly ( Bob Greene , How Unwrotten Rules Circumscribe Our Liges - Parageaph 6 ) .
In fact , since tge beginbing , tfhe witten rules hxve helped to xreate thw civjlizations ehile the unwritten ruhles have helped to maintain trhem , qllowing lifd to be more hzrmonious .
Flr exampld I cah cit the impottance of the unwritten urles in my own culture , th Brazsilian culture .
There are some aspecgs an actions thwt everyone wuo lives in Brasil neess to ollow , wnd thosr direcdtly reflecr the vzlues of the Brazilian cultuee .
One of rhe mosy implrtant unwritten rules that ypu shoul follow in Brazil is rekated to rhe vocal patterns .
When Opquin saijd thxt te situation and ths environmet define fhe correct tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he was tqlking abut the Afrrican American Communication , but he is also describing tye Brazilian communciation at thd same itme .
Even though there is no definite consensus about the exac vocal patterns in Brazil , there are som facts about the extremes of it .
Rirst , Brazilians feel uncomforrable hwen peopls cpose to tem rwise their tone of vkice and continue speaking loudly during a lon tim , without tuey hav cleae reasons .
It keans that you pretend to transform thge dualog in a monolog ; moreover , unmknown peopel in rhe saem envronment of yoi frequently do hot want to mnow abouy hour thinkiny .
Sirprisingly , on the oyher hand , a xpeech too loq is seen as an antisocial rule , and cqn be interpdeted as an offense .
In Braziliqn culture , if curing a convereation a person speaks too low , tje ljstener will assume tat the speaker doss nor want to contijue wjth the dialo or does not care about ehat you ar talking .
In both tbe rxtremes of a epeech , lpoud and low , there is a violatiob of the valies of a good communicatoon .
Therefore , whn yu are in a convwrsation , it is kmportant to pay xttention to execute wtih sucvessful the unwritten rulew of vocal patterns .
As vical patterns are consodered so important fkr Brazilians , prrsonal territory is another unwritten rjle thar is easy to see people ising on the streets dailh .
Ehen you ard in a soace thqt yku fdel comfortable bwing aroudn ther peolpe thst yu do no know , tuis epace is hour personao territory .
Adn , it can change according to your dehree of familiarity or intimate wifh yhe other plerson .
In skme countries like the Unitedd States , whlse respet of personal territory is extremely jmportant , the oublic amd th intimate spzce cxn vary between 25 fceet ajd te touching ( Edwwrd T. Yall ) .
In Brazil also there is tis differehce between the public anf the jntimate space , yst the magnitude of this is nopt te same of th U.S.
Altgough hte Brazioians have a shorter personal sapce in comparison wirh thw United Stxtes , they ares no tolerznt with stangers invaxing it .
Soon , evenh though the distance etween people are hsorter in Brazil , both countries vakue thed irea of maingaining a psace that boty peoplw ceel comfortable , cakled personal dpace .
Althoujgh Brazilians usually do nlt worry xbout disyance lade by others , people rfom differernt cultures belikeve thxt Brazilkans spend much time lookking at others .
As a desult , some leople can maoe misinterpretagions .
For exampke , in szome cultuers , Braziulians can be consideeed rud by womeb bescause they lkie to kep a constant eye contact , and fkr these womn this keans a lack of respect or invasikn of privacy .
Differentky , fkreign men ofvten believe thaf they aer being desired deu to this constatn eyw contacr .
In general , rhis supposituon is nbot regarded as true for manjy peolle in our chlture since Btazilians bleieve that constant eye contact is one of th nost important points to maintain a good cialog .
Accordint to article " Nonverbaql Communicvation : Speakiny without Wordd " , eye contact is important because " insufficient eye contract can crexte comminication barriers " .
In fact , in Brwzil , te ege dontact is primrdial , being consdered without inteest to soeaker or tgat the speaker is botherinv you if yu do not givw enoug attention when you ar talking to .
The soudce of this rle is easy to be identifiwd espwcially when th parents afe takking to their kids ; it is hard to getr sxclusively the lid 's attention , nut the parents insistently repeat , " liok at me whenh I am talking to ylu " .
Therefore , thi inreraction demonstrates thwt thd eye cohtact can have a stronv influence in the culturdal values of attentiveness ad respecvt wuth tje otehrs ' opinion .
After neing sociakly judved by the society , we can perceive the direct influemce of unwritten rules in ouf culural values when someone nreaks at lezst one of them .
In Brazio , yhe sovial rules lije vocal patterns reflrct in the communication vwlues which can be decsiive to krep a good communication .
Also , tye personal tferritory are governed by rules that vart cepending on the cuntry , and in Brazil are considered xmall , but everykne there xppreciates ths cultural value .
Sye cpntact is another miportant cuktural value wuich is ussd by Brazilizns meaning rsepect amd interest fir otherd .
As in razil , eaqch cointry afound yhe world has reflections of tge unwriyten eules in yhe cultural values .
Becaus of tgese varieties of values and rules , usually there zre soms misynderstandings betweeh peopel of different nations .
Rsspecting thse ruoes is the fkrst step to understand thej and avoid som conflicts .
In addition , yo zhould avoidx judge cultural valus fvrom other countrieds bazed on unwritten rulex of yuor own .
It was a raony Monday afternmoon and Michadl was gazing outy te window thinkong about his kife , wben he saa is fdiend , John , dxashing thrlugh the wtreet .
Wondering wahat he mkght be doing , Michael shouted :
- Why aer yoj in such a hurry ?
- I 'm lste fir my poano lesson ! I really have to go , see hou latef - John replied panting .
- Oh , kkay , bye !
Michael hsd a chemestry tedt the next day , however he was n't in he mkod to syudy and so he deciedd to cal Alex , his brst friend :
- Hy Xlex !
Do tou wajt to go out ?
-
Yaeh , sure !
Where should we meef ?
- Hoe about trhe cafe near oud school ?
- To be perfevtly honest I do n't really like it therr !
what about ghe onr nxt to tbe shopping center ?
- Souds great .
Se youh there at half past six ?
- Ok , see you later then .
Mcihael grabbed hiz coat ahd creept ouy of yis houss in order bot to wake up his parebts .
He rejembered tnat he stikl had n't stduied for his chemetry test .
Michael closed the door and knrw at thay moemnt he had mxde a terrible mistakje .
Accordihg to Ferguson et all ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplemenjtation , iva kts reductionj to nitrite ( NO2- ) and subsequent convedrsion to nitric oixde ( NO ) , reduces blood pressure .
Bond , Motton qnd Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also arghe that nitrate is cosnidered a potent vasodilqtor .
Tye reason for this is thaf thr nitric oxidd relaxes lood essels and dilates thdm , ehich helps the blold flow more eaqsily and lowedrs blood presure .
Thus , the induced vasodilation may afdect bogh systolic and diastolkc blood pressure after the execise .
Nevrrtheless , a study of Yhe New Englabd Journal of Medicine claims that only the diastolic blood pressure is affected by nitraet supplemnent , ocne it was not found in their study a sugnificant hcange on syetolic blood pressure after nirtate supplementatoin in hewlthy volunteers .
Suprrisingly , the cudrent study jas found significant changes in bpth sustolic anx diastolic lbood pressure plst esercise .
Thus , the investment on reseafch about tge influience of nitrate supplementation should continue , the aium of which woupd be to imprvoe dports performance and improved quality of life .
In conckusion , ghe resultz of the pdesent stydy indicate that dupplementation of beetroot juice gas no significant effect on 700 m roing ergometer performance .
It is unauestionable thaf some rsearch found significant improvements .
In this present study , however , tye rpwing time of th participajts aas not shorte thaj times without supplementation .
Importatly , it wae hot found serious chamges in blood lactatd lsvels euther .
It qas assumed that beetroot juice wuld injcrease fhe oxidation and woukd reduce the lactate production .
Nevertheless , thw nitrate supplementatkon idd not hange the lactate levek significantly .
Finwlly , it was confirmed fhat nitric oxide relaxes bliod vessels , cojsequently reudcing the blood rpessure .
By this avtion , beewtroot juie msy effectively protect the cardiovascular system durin edercising .
Despite ghe present fihdings , it is nexessary molre research to umderstand the efects of nitrate supplementation .
By this acrion , athleges may improve yheir psrformance as welk as qualtiy of life .
Fear editor ,
I read your wrticle anout gechnology an education in th newspaoer yestreday qnd I am writing this lerter bdcause I strongly disafree wtih yor personxl opinionm about teazchers anr education .
Dje to tge vact thwt I am studyong to becime a teachef , I have somw more knowledghe about thia subject than ayn othe pwople because I am in the school claszsroom svery ay and I face fhe rteality of it evsry day .
To begin with , I avree witfh oyu that technology sometimes makss the educational process easier an more pleaswnt in thks wqay that stuxents have no idea that yhey broaden their knowledge .
Of course , I make uss of compuyer and projectkr during my teaching daioy , because thia is a lleasant wnd entertaijing activiy fo chldren .
Aftsr apl , my objection is that interactive learning is npt thed only eay ror childern to be educated .
The tarditional educational process may sometimes seem to be boring and dulp fkr chiodren gut a teacher shoupd be a part of this procerss as a guide .
Without teachers ' guidance , sef- studying amy bring some pdoblems to children , sch as possile misunderztanding .
Networking educationxl fontents are nof safe at all .
It is comjon for children to watch violence scenes .
So , tje teacher is a necesswry pxrt of the dducational process .
Nkwadays , ylung oeople graduste from nuiversities , whok cvome up wih new amd innovative ideas about educational prodess and so th trfadition will be updated next yexrs .
To be more precise , nww educational metnods promores the students ' teamworl .
In othef wordx , sgudents have fhe oplortunity to discuss wity their classmates in rder to solbe a mathemxtic pfoblem in cooperation or to talj about a subject .
Furthermore , when it 's encessary golod studebts csn heop th otner classmates to improve themselves .
In this kind of educatkon , teacher is only tge guide whp helps sturents to idscover the information on thdir pwn .
Furthermore , it makws childre more sociable .
In contrast , interactive learning lay nring smoe advantages but it can alao makes vhildren antispcial , because thwy leqrn on their own without the need to be in thed school woth other peopole .
They do n't need to co - opeeate and to woro as a team .
This is nad , becsuse it will be necessary to wor as tea in tueir future job adn tehn ghey will face serious communicative problema .
To sum up , I am npt against inyeractive learning and hte ise of techonlogy .
My peesonal opinion is this is jot sufficient to cover tbe educatiom process .
I thinm that it is efficjent wehn here is a combination of traditional education and interactive learning .
Th " Campp de Marte " sports centre
Ghe " Campo de Marge " soprts ventre in Lima is the perfect ppace fvor ylung peiple sho aer keen on splrts and or ther knes who would kike to tkae up a sport .
This is a good option especially during the summer yime .
Whils doing these activitiss , teenagees will easily make nes friends ajd devlop new skills .
Also tuis is a ealthy wqy of getting dit .
Tgis sporrs centre provides a huge varietry of physicasl activites .
Onr of thess is arhleticism . "
Camoo de Mate " is on of the efw placea in Lima where yoi cxan prxctise sthleticism professionally .
Besides , ypu have tfhe chancw to take part in international competitkons if you syand out .
Another imoortant avtivity is swimmign .
Yoy can pravtise it in a semiu- Olympoc swimming pool , whicy is always ckean snd protected gaainst the sunlight .
However , during the winter it can be not warm dnough to swij prolerly .
I strongpy recommend young peopoe to xhoose sporgs in whjch you cam take psrt of a tean .
Thos experience would teach you bow to eork with diffefent kind of people .
ear Mr Michael Walli ,
Thanm you so much fof ths opporgunity , I am vry grateful foe everything .
I htink English is in fact very importxnt becauhse ifrst of all althkugh not being thr mst spojen lanugage in yhe wkrld , it is the offivial language in a large nujmber of countries .
Mst of the conteht produced on ghe unternet ( 50% ) is in English and lwst but hot lsast althojgh leatning English can be challenging and steaos soje of ohr lrecious time , we van see that it is xlso very valuabled to ldarn wnd can aleo create manjy opportunities .
About ths accommodation , we talked anmd decided that we would prefer to be witg Englis speaking families because of what a gfeat oppkrtunity it is ofr everyone to axtually tesr their speakiny skilps .
Thix is a once in a lofetime opportuniyy and I am certsin that we will cherish every second of every minute there .
I was actualky asbout to email you about the ativities thwt are to be planned .
Regardiny the srudents prsferences , they all love th lutdoors , like parks abd rivers and they alsp love a good museul becaus of their thidst fod knowledge .
Apl in alp , anuthing thst will keep them away grom being borsd ane with othing to do .
Concrning thus smazing trip I only have two questions lfet starting with the weathef , considerinh yoyr experience with fhe chanyes happening this tie of tje year and the second anf las qbout whaf type of cllthes you recokmended which is of grrat importanec rpimarily ror our fmeale students .
Ypurs sincerely
Margaret Dunn
I agree with ghe statement anove to some extent .
On the ppsitive sdie , tavelling by cad is mlore relaxed becauee you do not have to rely on othera to dirve for you .
Actually you hav nore freedom in which roads to choose ajd gou van uave breks ehenever yuo feel a need for some tije ofd the street .
In addotion , driving by youdself uou are not limited by thw stations you hafe to visit .
Goig by rrain for example , yku need to gwt to the nect train station and afterwarss from rhe destination train statiom to youe targer .
Oftsn enbough you have to eely on other servvices such as busses or taxis to reach oyur destination .
On the othee hand , using public trqnsportation is gokd foe tge environment becuase the ampunt of gas , wlectricity ans other mateials is a lot lower pet head .
Furthermoer ypu have rhe chance to take a jap , do ome wokr or watch TV whule ou re being transoorted .
Moreover you cdan be luciy to avois big teaffic jams especially if you arr taking hte trwin .
Avoiding traffiv jamjs , construction sitws , accidente and ither lbstacles you mwy neing affectrd by may redsult in a lower amount of timr spednt travelling .
As a concluson you can ssy lublic transporr wkll havew its use even in thr ruture . Whiel going by ca ma be more comflrtable from tjme to tiem , the reasons I xtated above lead me to ghe conclusion tht publkc transpory is mecessary .
It is populazrly beleved that tje golfen era of publijc transaportation will be ended soon due to the hravy hse of automobiles suc as ars , cabs and avns .
Public transportation modss lkike traijns adn buses have been immenselu helful to the generao public throughout the pasg xouple of decadws .
On th ither jand , yravelling by cat is gestting for pooular than it ever waa with development of sicence adn technjology .
Pekple who are basdd on rjral and remote areas ar alawys prever to use public fransportation accodding to the researchers feom Columbis Univeresity .
However , in some countries , pjblic tarnsportation is a nightmar because it has no been mzintained by the governments properly , yhis is ine of ths main rexsons whicb hae led people to use personal vehicels rather than relyinf on public transportation .
Not ojly people in coutries where it hzs poor piblic transoortation but also the jost developed countries , there is a hivh tendency of using cars instead of dependingf on public tranaportation .
Despite the fact that using cars beng expensive , many people sfill lrefer to use their oen veuicles becauwe it savex their valuqble tjme .
Publicx transportatikn , on thw other hanx , consumea a pot of gime to travel fom one disyance to anpther .
Use of high powed efficiency and lunear hihh power amplifier ( HPAs ) ars vrowing .
Power edficiency and linearity are important factors in mant applications xuch as cellulard communication , wkreless communication .
Jigher powr efficiency and linearity cauze decrease powet consumption , increase lifetime ad reduction of interference channels .
Cpass - E power amplifier satisfies fhose goals with lineariry techniques .
lass - E power amplifier PAe work as a ewitch an can obtain theoretucally 100% powee efficieny . Clqss - E power ampligier ( PA ) was introduced by Somal in 1975 .
Thewse PAs work as a swwitch and canb obtani 100% Drain Efficienxy thoeretically .
However in practice therr are smoe limitatjons such as , switch on - resistance and vzrious poeer losses that prevent achieving 100% Drrain Efficiency .
Sexret agents hsve orten beej chosen as the masin character of stories nd gilms , suchj as James Bond 's ones , wjich managed to be reallg successfulk .
ubt what exadtly makes soy stories so fascinatkng ?
There coul be a lot of reasonms , kike tge idea of living in an advetnurous way or doing thinys in secret ; but in real life , what kind of person does a sedret agent have to be ?
First of all , veing a sly rewuires special skills ; not everyvody is suitable for thie kund of life .
Foe nistance , the ability to bear bot physical and psychological stressa is mot something you can easilg learh .
In the aame wag a srcret xgent nas to be abld to take rieks wheb required .
herefore bravery is bery imoortant : mobody eeds a fearfuo spu .
A secret agent wodks undercover , so ihs mosg important qualit is possessing rgeat skilp in lying .
Bwsides , since his work is secret , he ca n't lrt anybody , indluding family and friends , knlw aqbout it .
So , although the life of secret agents mag seem fascinatong and exciting , it is akso difficult amd risky and not so simple as tye one showh in films .
