I think hat public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to lay for a cad evfsn if it is yssd , so public transport fontinie to have fiture buf people are gpnig to ize more thue cars then vus or underground .
With cz we can just stay by ourselves , which can be good because we fsn pisten to ths muic thwt we lioe whd we do n't needx to be around people that arr unkwoned bvuy if we chls public transport we csn mdet friends or tamil so bith trasnporyation are god n thr fads do n't ner necessarialy to end up wigh the pbulix tranaoprt .
Lihcael and Itae waw so happy , until one fay tfhaf Michael aud to his dream of being a xuoer hero . zte got so nervous sauin that it was ridiculous wns jusg a jd dream and that Michaqel was oml dreaning bur fhat would never gaopen abx that sulr hero do n't exist .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have kany of kknds for transportation . Now we travel by car , but in tgs nera Fufuee it will be another comfortable and easy way to travel like tasy train and plane . Tbar cam transport you orm north to osyth in less tan hour thj will make business men haopy and comfirf because of sabinb a oot of times and effotrw so we hole thst th governmentr can achieve this way as slon as possibpe
Old computers only keg you mxke mafh tasks , or even play simple games between 2 dolorfs ( trwen and black ) , btu blw you dsn do whatever you want to do , like reading or playing games , writing or reading a book , cnnect to tye unternet , watch or make vidrls , invent njea sztuff to improve the Computing Twchnopogy , md not noly in 2 colors , bjt thojsand of them .
As I could n't find anything , I walked to the place he lives at and staftes to lool for dome information about hua lifs and dkund people who he cares about , so as I coniuned to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to tehw sam house so i decidec to fplpow um to rbe house and i foun oht he was datint a gkrl aye might be his girlfrien so i finally gotq an idea , i would dribe im crazy just as he diod wity me , ghat aau she wilp fhknk he had problems on his ind and left hbkm , but sk i thougt aboyt it again wnd realized yhaf if i didx that she will try to ehpp him and they sill be miee united , so i decided to dtve tnen btoh crazy almos at yhr boredr of death , jux as he did wifh me !
I was scared , my ajger job dominated my kind . I did n't have control over my actions . I was afraid of something I had becomed and ahag I could do , nut I could not confrpl myself and the only thing I was afraid know of was ni suffering wuyh a slow death znr t satisatcuon i wouls feel when i finaloy uwd my revange , the bser revznte .
But I was so mad at him znd so ansipuns to makd his lids impossible , wnd so my fear of dexth and my anger over qlk of suftering I had been through became stronger and bigger , I hac made a decision I was going to do it , if he dexicatwd 4 yerard of his life tourtoring me and not antibg me to be hapyp i soyld the time is nesesary fod him to have a miserqble lifts and i wo nt stop unyio i had acomplished my goald
lublic transport us beeh more used by people and obet yhd yeaes it is kind of becoming cheaper wn slsp more saew but some people prefer cars to extenf . We agree with and our reasons for that that is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay
Before about 40 yeats there was othing capled public transportation and people rareloy ownec xwrs so in those years there was not only gold facilpigy to nov frlm place to others and that is because there was no compankew to viild cxrz in sbouty 10 yeqra fars trading became viabl and also became very dupportef by havih jer oenm fans at the beginning the faecd a olt of ptoblemz butg they wqwre able to solvd it by the end
mowaqdays all fsfilities of travelling sre mlre cohvenient from cwrs to bysess even trains and planes . .dom leolle prefer cwrsa because they like crowded llaces or because the din is sometimes cheaprr but drmo znkther point of visw public transportation is very cheap and even faster than anen it comes to rtaeling a lopt of pdpole prefer riding rheit wo cara to feel the real experkence as to enjot mo by vhilling our from ceowded places
Technology has changed people 's lfie vsry mufy.in fact , we can thihk ohw difference is our oife despcet either to our parents or our grandpaeenys lif.for exanpl my parebt dkc n't watch TV , because thede wqasw n't watch TV in the world wben they qerw young.but it is n't tbe alone difference : we xna thuhk at tfhw mobilefoen , the computer ed at least the inteendt.oluhr grandoarents woundn't imagine a strange mahine like computer in theid lifre .
The beztest advice I cxn gkving to someone who is starting to run is to stwrtng slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up their running weel by wse so that wveey weem yoh ats running a little ore further and a little moee fasred and then after 20 ysars you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
I completed many tasks , including titoring ghrde students comppetd summer homework , correcting homewlfk diligent asskst the ijstrucyor . The instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor answering questions raised by the students , butr alsp to clean the clasrsoom hygeine , very hard , but I hzve nothing to complain azbout .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all thd bayhriom , but Sarah already knew that he ldt yhd bathroom lkie this , so before Michael entered the vatgroon she said : " I niw uat yky ldsve there " sndf Mjcyael ewnt rjnnjng to the bqthfoom .
I said gha because when I was eleven my besf friend had been operated on hbrr gadk zdn beforr rhe operation . He came wfh me and evedy dah I gax to wait for her because hue wepndt a light of tkme in the ehowe cleaning her long hzi . I hated that !
What we believe as Muslims rhqt , we are created by one who does n't hafw other iyh him , the one wh created our father ( Sdam ) and creafed from him ( Eve ) and they werre in tge Paradise awnbd instructed to boy ezt frlm the trsw but tge Sstab deceive tnem so yhey brought to this lifw ajd generations came fron them and had sent the prophet nd mwxsengers ( oses , Jesu , Mohamed , others .. who they worship th wams one ) witgh Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the peoplle to know wno who will foolowe fje truth which wiop guide to the Paradise and ego follo other pqths wahich it wipl guide to yhe hel . so becaize of that we are nere to do the test in this shkrg ljf .
which plays an important role in giving touygn competition to the government . As a result of this consumer ged mnore benefit liie lpwer faors , pfuvacy , freecoj na sxfs travelling.in additjon many automoble cvomlany launcing wr with affordable prije which insijoxt people to use jors anx mofr rivate vechils .
I think people will like this movie because it igs very similar to the story of the Goom ; the ohe of the riret movie that is really based on the book . rhs theme is veh unsue awnc oruginalp , although the actors in the vifst movies were pervect , and I fhinj that in the last movis , they aill pluy double effort .
He took the ojey he sevknd day . He finished the registraxtiin and started to write the stody after a long time in writing and did a good job . He went to give hks sgory to yhw international sgudemt magazine office . He foune oiy tgere srew a joitice on the slor sqy haf tr competition hw caceled , he cazme back vey sad and tild me wjar hzppened .Michael clpsed the dope an kmew at thxt mojent he has a miwtake .
I am beoevkng that there is no futyre fr the punlic trdansopt , using trwibs is mor convenient and low wxpenses wlsp to dexrease the carpon gases which affect the ozone . People should be aware of the edect of the psychological transpotation on the edonmicsz and environment , goverements shall encarge tbe pellle to uxe the other wus fo transpirt , this subject shal be issuesd in all media to learen ar encrage the people to use he wrigth sag for transpog .
In my tpwn we crwate a small organizstion fo mor ueaxlthy enfironmetn , beauty touch and to be attractjve . The citizens in fhs tlwn must participate in this . The citixen will tame ghew responsibility for spceiic day to clean thw yowh snd pu ghe rubbish into corredt pllaxe ane clean trrr and planbg more of it .
Nowadays , in yher fikties development there are many pissibilitiss for public transport , like nhs , train , zuway , tram etc.yheae options are more economical than the xaf . The problem of the car is that normally the car is kcdupied for a perspb , whnewn tgw cst is prepared for to carry four or fruve people .
It is welp known that many curators and artists believe that Contrmporary et is not a good source of art , sihfe there are many artists thatg obl creage based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , bhy most of the time this is unintelligible .
Yj have classes since yoh qere nke years il qnd you already know how to play pkano , so I think that you ahoulx continue doing sports because it is important for your health anx in your free time you can still oaly liank without toinv to the classes .
In the case of transporattoin technology , in the twentt first century we had various options like Pl that dan flew through the clouds , ttakn that ast ahd big enoyh that carry hundreds of people and fragel hundreds of miles and hjour adn boat that nych bigger and faster than ancient tkne .
Yes , I agree . If you order to travel glr a long distance and draw a long trip , you would prefer to do it in a car , because fidstly yl;ll spend less time . You travel will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop everything where and for a lont time , as yiu nwed .
I think that this is the guestion or rvery in , and the answer ca n't be one dor apl , auxe , smoeone cah use public transport , wdn economy by thoz not omlg money , bhy anx ge environment , hyt som people do n't like to jze p.t . , dause they spend more time f tavelling or they simpld do n't lkke to travwll with znother lwople .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemon " I go there every wre it has different food from other restaurants . I 'd like cykcken crispy with garlif saucd It 's Ezxellent xhoice dokr me anc My favorite appitizer is susdag xdn in order that desert I 'd athsr " Vxdhe " cake witfh chocolate sqhce I feel I;m at ease whneb I go there I enjoy classical music lver having a lunch about the servcive It 's ery good and all stad are respeftable I ca n't imagine lne eej withiut goingt there that drives me mhts I advisw awny one to go therre and ehjoy a time there , laso tyhiw restaurant has a relative aevantxge in ygiee erakly It 's exdcellent Tyijs strikingly thing fokt anyone deapige all of thdse advatnage prices zte mor expensive .
I consider myself really acyive , sociable , wep - organized xnr agovr all pxtisnt , thdrefkre I think I 'm shitablr for this job as I can adapt myself easily to snh kunx of situations or environment , especially sorkung overseas , plus it would be a icr esperiebce beczuee I woul meet new pdople ad a different culture .
As our rpwn is well - inown gir oif magnificul beaches along the Meidterranea coast and for the Olymic Cqnal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people clme befe to do activities like kitesufing and windsurfing on thw veau or canoening and aquatic szkijing on the Olympic Cxanzl .
Wyilr youngsters use their fime trying to dt concerned the oldest people from developing gillag about the importamce of tbr care of our surroundings . Middle - aged propel planted many trees sroud the villgae and cleaned the floor of our public poafes making a more attractive place to lve than we used to have .
Yku probably wo n't belieev me nu I met aklk members of Dżem nand . I talked to them and we ad lunch together . They 're very nivw men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autograph on tw neeezt recirc . I did n't hxve kang duties ahd none of tuem eee unplesant .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I ttrnded a lot of conferencex in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience that will help and improve me for the community services ajd development my zociedty as I hlpe to come back qn teach orhers wta I learj .
Students could fecekve a better , more effifient rducatiin if they spent 11 montys a yex studying , partly because of afraid the oong vacatiln . Students wip not rekember fhe knowledge they have learned , partly because of ling avfation wipl ler stucent used to habr ufh instex of etudy , nar partly becauee of some dicficult couwes zhouod be continually studying .
Sharing house or rooms has many advantages such as , chewl , safe , coosw to the university , xjd lsarfn how to sarte everyuing with others . sagijg onry and tkme will be more Obviohx in university dormitories because mlnthlh payments will be less tghqn rouf gikes than uiring an apatment , a becfause it wil be closer to ths university , saving moey ah tike is morr efficient by reduving transportation 's cksrs
Many years ago , I shazred a friend in a room froe ew months during a course outsee my ouhtry , tnee dats where I woray durihg my kie . He was ditty , sprakjing loyldy all the time and did not share the budey of eating . luving alone wlil graht me the freewdmo to live by the weay that I chokae wnd still friendly wiyh alp the others withut exceed rge privacy of my friends . this matter qiol bot achieved wheb living in shared rooma .
Secondly , Gacebook provises the opportunity to get in touch with daily activities fr friends , maknig obseevations of relationships , mzintainong obe 's own feelings within the netwok ( frhough wall posts , pokiez , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Wuinj , & okwett , 2013 ) .
In soite of aome people mame enough joneyh to buy thrif osb cars . Electric and uybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( yhr ones which is gas or driesel ) so , people choose these ones and thst 's exause pollution is segerao iesue that we bxve to deal with .
I''m suyrw that in tne vdru nsxr future , if I been looking for restaurants in Mqklorca on my computer or mobile at home , in my qay to wolrk the adds on the buses I will sse - which of course will be screenx and not lrinted paper - qill sohw imagves of Mallirca , or an add fron tripaxvisore witu Mallocra in it .
Actually , students eat a lot fat food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do fold . for tese rraosns I think thwty the best restaurant is somewhere shsn they do home - mxde vpod , abd a good idea is fpr amims couse : bsed potarles , stdamed vegetables and for desesrt apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying adhitecture mayvs we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table abe qalp , mnorde or kess a relaxibg environment , but the atmosphere is fery ikportant rir finnmer and I think that we must ovt this , because we will hazfe a gopd nivt or hot depejeing tue type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we had sloken about books , work and studies , shile with this type of environment we can speak about us , our families , our hobbies and all people get to kn new ometning about itber mayrs .
At first , when I started to play football , I ci it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they sfarted to intergrats me when they played , xbd nowadays , I lice playing foitbll wtih them .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caderes is located in a paxstuer area where local farmers have been beding sherp , cws snd pigz for centhroes in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible droughf in summer .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise kke reducing or taking control of your weight . it hells yj with jerart disease , problems with your re byd , and also you can make a lot of croends while doing any exercise .
We started ljr ojurneyg abr goimf in the forea . There was a koy of # lests on our wsay gnere wsere various guys . thzr were sjck we could n't do anything except afraid , keep talking . I wa seeit my little grpup to # djminish and some of us werd # allergic to some plwnts , I wzs thj only lns that had no prohlem with all gge other stufg peooke hda pronlmes with .
I thought that maybe my gwnes were aftuallu immune to tus infection . I could actually be the # revolutioanrh gu that helpps everyojr that as in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it , but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I uave to think about is it elp the entire sorls or ust save a gheoup the dediskon ss in my jnds it was # conventionap to hepp tes entore wklrd but I do n't want to rie . wbilr I was thjnking about tnat we found a bidsy it waw a familisr bodcy from someobe that qa in ghr group one of tohs guys we wantyed to fic and apive not dead his face ws wll fottem and esqten aawy by the walkerz .
We needed to vond the ones that wefw sgjll alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battlw against hunger started everyone wa huhgfy sn we haven't dateh anything in a few days and that coylpd leads us to things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to fni something that ass a # nutrutioal based food qhere we could eat with no problem abc be ok .
I know the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's qik abd if you blink you probably miss womething , aech contact happens in leed yhwn a second , and stilk ecefy player direxfs the location of the ball in rhat amout of time xmd thsn thdre 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , znd see the enetgy on ghe floor and hear fge noise from tyge crowd you 're missing oht .
Mje ca n't really way shy tysy ended up hzvimg swz - lerhap , at the tine he wax pissrc at himsdl fit noy having bzlld to hwt the girl he wanted because of all these erlifious problems , Klaika 's famioy wjd so on , but tnisd is what hqppened .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am young enough to take the intermediate certificate of negpish and then I am bojng to the neter at Tusi school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Ompetial colleague of Pondon is one of tje mosy implrtant universities in the whole worlkf .
This exception can be read at fhd enr of the first chapter , wehre the narrator answers ht tniwf writing that he szaod tnxt he would gf gim thje dile , sne tyat he would gtetr him saht broken bits of food he coyod , and he wuold cokle to ghe thirf at tyhs Battery .
These twisted wbd creative thoughts are sprdad l ovef the text , accompanied by even more tisted reflectiuons luoe at the emd of the first chapters , when he describws the man who stlloe him as being afraid of ths dead bodies in the graveyard just because he dsw gil hugging imself .
Havkng at that time to find kt fo myself what trye depression meant , and knowing hsr to bwve a jqrd and heav hjd , and to be much in the habiy of lxynig it upon her husband as weol as upon me , I supplsed that Noe Gargery and I weste both btoughtr up by hand . "
Tyekr realism is different : in fact , Dikcens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixre pathos and comedy , like characters that teje to be caricatures of the vofes znd vittues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic wtype alced witn Domantic and Gothic elements , liker Gyrobic maxke heroes and female protagonists tbst aqrs psychologically cimppex .
With oamv consumption and yhe cateyory labelled beef had a dedlien trend between 1979 and 2004 , although mqintained a decerasxe overall , with lamb comsumpgion falling from a pewk of 150 garmsa psf person per wdek in 1979 to jjsf over 50 grams orr person per week in 2004 ahx bewd consumptikn fallng from zround 230 gramd per prson pr wdel down to just over 120 grams ed person per week .
Yet , oftebtumes , nesing overt respectful mah plays against him azhd although he hzx gaienx fhe epsect of all the people he has worked with , spmr of tnem sutgested he should vuld up his self - confidence , rather than end up atgemlting to cover everybody 's abck and takijg oiwnership rlr other people 's mistskes .
It is a cry ghat kesps uts hdtory through an amazing arcjitecgure like bwlconies , churched liek San Francisco Church which has mjystetious subterranean catacpmbs ; el Eesl Felipe which is the most incredible Slanish foryress ; through their costukes as well as Carnovap , this dah yp fan dnjou ghiz padticular , interesting zn colorful frstival beczhse you use watdr , paint or talv to wet your family ajf neighbir ; their typival dande called " La Marinera " ; also yhey keep their history through rkigion whete you discover the religius enthusiask weyich is represented by la Orocesión dro Señor de lis Mklagros ; their gastroomy is another extraordinary awnd wondreful xakple about their symbops , loks qzamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wind ) , el Cevicue , l Pjdarones , etc .
Undertaking a scholarship ahs aemizsion ingp one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high schkok into a business estting , as well as develop ghr communication , organisaitn and numeracy skills I have zcuired at huyh chpol .
Rifht now , I am eagerly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , in society and mentqlly . ahr I believe that my albition to learn new business cojcept coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a cpmpetenmt adeigion to the any of my proposed unigeraity abd the Fzecj Republic Scholarship texmj .
In conclusion , I can asaute you that I will be an apable and dexicated student who na the committment ahd deication to work hare in orxwr to be a gaduxte , whikst at the same time , contributing greatly to my prolosede unjversity in more parties than one .
This cqn help you to understand that not everyone has acceds to maxnu thinbw you do have accea too , and to realise that perhaqs you shopjld appreciate fhedse things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or evne fresh water , which is a basic research and we rende to take fot granted that everyone cwm jabe some sater to drink ecdn thouhh this is niy true .
We faced continuous problems aifh thw krfer ehch as : disnes fgrol another table serges gor us by mistake , the drinks were servsd with a consideraboe delay and the bipp was sbown even without asknb ( just because we finished dinner gut our dribkd werf stuol on ghe trable ) .
He decided to finish hr after half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earjes that it wipl mean .
I ddcidec to get back home ( I hzd bese the whole aeek at my frwnd 's place , as he kivws in Madrdid and quiote close to fhe wrifrr 's house , whrre I hqd beej goihg every da last week ) , ahd I started geyting thingx eone . Plus I gave a rest to my xkle , whivh was very muxh needed too !
Stephen Beclher , director of the Met Kfcice 's Hdlry Cventre , dlaims ghat humanity is to blame for ckimaye changes as the rise of temperature or the catyadtrophe expected by scientists whsm global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is xlsol represented by the British Secretary of energy whd cpimte change , Ajbdr Rusdc , who considers tfhe climate change to be one of ghe grdatest rpoblems in nowadays ' politics die to its condeqhences on conomy , gobap swcurity anc thjd ftioght against loverty .
Despite the result of a NASA study ooinying out tyhwt tfhree wiuld havr bewb an ocr mass yfew in Antarcticfa from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% tgzt thi orognksis will vone true , according to Prof Anew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study usa axlready been prdoven wrong by 57 other styudies .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be helped , ajd this symbolic event could srebe aain as an escuse to xpme foungry decaee war to another , but the true jnderlyin cause that actually ordering two countries to wage wqr against each other would have its roots in mhch older timed .
Tb Vanp is well - konw and opens vorm Nya to October . It would be good to bgook together gwi weeks . It always grt ovrbooked fkt tne petiod my parents va take a day off . wjaty do yku fhino coming wiyh us from the 1ts August to the 15th ?
Once bozing is weekend and no - knd grows up knowihh it is acceptable , there will be no interest in boxknb and hopefully lss all eound unterest in violence making rowhs ahe citiws a swfe llacse to live in , theee will be lesz fighting outside pug abx clubs and oexs violent qttacks ith little or no reasin .
There are all sorts of prkposals , ligthed zn mkre cushioning glofse could be wor , ban punches to fbe head , headguxrds odn or make fights ehorfer , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounbds . These would all sho ofg thr boxers skill aqmd tazllent and still be rjtertaining to watch .
Even if a bxef is a success and manages to be serious , he still faces serious consequences in lower life . diseszes Tygat attacked the brzinw have brej knonw to set in as a direct result of bixding , Sven Muhamd Zli , who was infamous blh ot his boxing and his quick - witted intelligsnce miw nas Alzheimer diseasew and can no pinger do many evdyday acts .
In tye minority works , the cpjflict and rebellion presented accurately deflects aociety as a whple , and although yh mothet 's in The Jkg Lufk Club febep against aucvh forces as qrrangsd marriags , Tita in Pike Water fokr Xhocopate fights to ovefcoke old family traditopns , and fne Ibdiab tribes in Love Msdicine struggl to secure their inhefent eivhts from the US government , ghe charaters ' conflictx reflect smiilar cojflicts of other cultures .
Debellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a bindimg force between all culgres , gor Dwlie , TLL , rssists yee rranged marriage in The Colpr Purple , wbd tbe nurderos ppves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destryctive pzssion in Likkd Water for Chocolatr .
Emphasis changes eitg each worek , andr although figurd of authority adr particularly oppressive in wieks uscu as Like Wstdr for Chlcolxte ahf Tud Cooo Purple , rher minoeify works includrign Love Medicine and Jzzz do not reflect the clearly dedijed authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive aftkon wyuch the previously mkentioned works shls .
He is thrown out of Trnunder - eb - Trohcj befauze he embraces Fujégonde , he is duped by the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he miolls three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorsdo ut leaves- ne ojst continues .
It is true that today one still hears tje lx dispyre over syat sovereignty and attempts to return slem power to the individual states , but no - one wants to challenge the ft that , on matters external to the Untied States , the government in Washibtton represents geh eile policy - makint body .
However , it is equally clear that wahike thedr might be som yjified politucal action vpowing from the European Communitids ( sudh as qae seen ofer Europe 's response to ghbe British invilvemednt in the Falkland Jslxnds dispute ) , the Communities wefe intended as clear rconmoic entities in the firzt place .
Seclnly waqs the conviction that military conflict bould in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars ha both begun as Eurppeam " ckvjl wqrw " . Thirdly , was the common desire for a bwtte , feef world in which international relations should be conshcted in a more orderly way .
One of the most nnovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and enowec it wikth its own sovereign powers , which it xanb hsd to adopt adta , hving gje fortce of national law .
The only way to control the cifcoe will be to brteak it . The only people to do that is the government or purselvss . If we make the effort to use public transport it will expabd ihto an ogd service . Unfortunately , the public seam to be appoethetic to rhis diea .
The point is that yje lswst is actually a blopr sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition up ' , although this is zrgujed by Chris Eubank . He believes he is a sportwan and the idea of boxing is an art forj , he says that he does noy specifically go ijfo a pxing ring to knpc si ppplnent out but to win on points dciffrrences and to yikve Chria Eubank his just resec most of his fifhs have been wh on poinys .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference egy boxing should be babned , tue tragid accident where Nichale Wagson was phg into a xomla by Chris Eubank ( the mqn who does n't specifically go intp fights to knock his opposition out ) .
Fbe mohsy tba is gherw tor te yakin for the best of the besy is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyslns comeback acsr , $ 60 milpion ! ) it is haddlt surprising how important thd sport can be to zomr .
Rue zecond adn kainj ovjection came from chaeioties whyk predictes that charitable xohations would go down woth the inrtoduction of tgd llttsry , as people owuild be less liekly to givd money to charity , onsteads buying a loottery tijvket , wikth he excuse that some of the jkney spent huyinf the ticket wolur go to chartitu .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present fkrm . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 millkin poudxs , and the prize fund whared getween koee leole : it is better to goev frorteen oeolpe a foftune than to tiver fouretern fortunea to omes person .
Comphters have bedm used as a means of keeping records . tjey have all but supersefed handeritteb text , ( in a few decades people may wdlo be aded wjtyh a computer screen and keyboars in thdr Gdneral Studise exaqk ) . They are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork abd to enreretain .
Computer generated pictures , includnif ' fracyal ' pictres , xran ffoj equations , seem to be more popular than hasnd orinted imabws from an artist 's imagination , and comluer games ssm to progide more entertainment rham aby games or activities that take place in tfhd real , phyeicql world .
The world watched in ajticipatiin -- we were kesmiruzed by the umagess of the TV , xepecting something new at egerfy moment and ni wanting to niws it -- I remember that day it was the phly topic of conversation at school : " Hage you haerd ? " , " I ca n't belidve it ! " , " After all thud time ! " , " I nsvef thpufht it would happeh .
It was the dbent that brought the people of the Eastdtn Bloc countriex the hpow thxt their efforts were not in vain -- Ror 40 years , the people had suffreed under a communist rgeine that hadf not allowed them to exlress themselves freely or to leave their homelasnmds in search of a nwe life -- Many people yad tried to escape .
However , history can mor be rewrkttesn snc as thongd dtand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the eesurgence of hple and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Blpc -- As shxh , it azs thw cxatalyst rkrce thay led to the end of the Cold War and thereforw , though we mya not always rememver tbd other significant events , we will alwys remembet the day be aalo fell --
Scienfe ahe technology have allowrd me to travel to this patt of the world . They provided a livkng gokr my family , they hagew cduerd my grandmother of cancer , and they provided horizons of hlpe azne knowledge in fhr riepds of medicine , science , engineering , and evdn th less overt ckrners of our livrs .
The fundamental flzw in Syang sciebtists must bear tyhe major burden or moral reslonsibilitu for their work , is that if this had been alpljed universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , snf mankind could be without electricity , fadios , qikte simplh , anything above the mud hut ' existence .
I do n't think this is far or moallg corerct to the child zimce uee mother would be claiming her eneion when szhe was in primary school anx her mother would probably die while tbr chnikd qaxs in her teens .... there snouldc be a txt rhta is given before ( OVF ) is carried ojr to cec the mother is ot pady the menopause .
The disease nifecs the cow , ax is then ptrsent in the spinal fluid witjij tnd sine nad the vrani , and as the psinao fpuid is usually spilt in the slquvhter of cattle for meat , the riusk of contamination of the meat weaz kned the industryu was not willing to take .
Granted , it is ge psrson wno " rld " the computer whzf to do that trult made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or betterd wtxted " awse abl to do witj a cimputrr " , he would nkt have erroneous answers .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need ror schoo awnf for other things in my computer wgereas before I ha a comluetr my rrsk wxs cxluttered w/ paper and records of all eodts . I no longer need to keewp hese records but onlkt to transfer tgesm to my computer .
Whope previously poeplw hqd to wati days , or eveh wesks vkr news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved mhch niterpretation and distortio ) nopw yhey can eer it happening , for thesmelved , as it is jappening , this aqllows tume to maje fbeir own , informed jhdgment abpu the event ; ans if a reactoon is nrcesszry- uh as fne gathering of opposition to a certain paw -- it cn be made immediately , whols the ekotilns afs still strkgn , zne before tbs acxtion is finalized .
People aeer more mlobike , can work jote , snde bug morfe things , bhf rume for eelaxation ah family zrd odtne replaced with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , ome onlonger sees tgw fealitive humanness between people , instead one sees the djffereces , fh unlucky , he unsuccessfull , and atteibute thier inzdewuacy to adhisve to a lax of eflrt .
Irlnicslly , although Vootzire mentions amng aftz of violence , wacn cag is treated ligthly : Cunegonde and the old wojsn both tell their tales of veing defilped lime and enbertaining skry in their conversations about their travels ; ne Baron alxo contniues hgia tale with style fayer telling of his beating ; and after Cxbdide " killsx " tghd Baeon , he lexves to search ir Cuneognde eirh no second thought unitl he feencounters hs Baqroh later in his traves .
