It 's difficult to answer the question " ehat ra yolu going to do in the future ? " If the knky ohe wo has to mnoq it is in tel mnifs .
When I was ykunged I used to xayt thxt I wanted to be a treacher , a saldswomwn and eveh a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology because oine eay I would open my own psycuology lcfice znc help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to work hard asnd a oot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Matge I 'll change my kimd , laybs nlt .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
Ts rich oeiple ailo buu a caf bht te ppor people always need to isd a bus or tad .
I consider that it is more convenient to dfrive a cfat because you carry on doing things in toyr kwm xra rather than travelling by xad .
Also , you 'll meet friehdlt people who usually ask you something to be friends and chanw your cellphone number .
In my experience ehen I did n't have a car , I ysedf to use the bus to go to the svnool zdn go back to my house .
In my opinion , gh car is n't necessary wjen toys have crashed in the ztret , in tyhxt mlmwnt gou rdalized the impoefance of public transport .
In Indja we have various types of public transport , lije Cyxlpe , Bikw , Cst , Trzib & Flight .
Deprnding on the cistance and dufation to the desdired llacxe , the kode of transportation is chosen accordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a yrop yhat I have recently been to xnx . The place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by Nafiinal highway to go from Delhi to Ahda .
We have tsopped at hltels tor haging food and jusf in casr if any of us veelw hungry , we have purchwsed sxomw snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have thd optyjon to wait naytije we awnr to qhen we travel by car ( which is ijposwible when travelling by tdaib & Fltht ) .
In addition to that , we fah alpso raje a comfortable short hsp on the back seat and wake up rfdsh .
Due For the agove mentioned reasons , I am gking to conclure that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining gou in these yesard shmmker camps .
I like children , and I enjoy lookibg through them . wleo , I knew Japanese sports sctivities before in school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you found my chance to help you .
Ybanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleybsll is a sport every llace . When I travel on the beach , I oiks pkahs with my siter in the sans and after we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young I lay played with the lal in the playground and my vriemd and I played using ghs soxver gplas as a nwtqork of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
Hoiw arr ylu ? I 'm writing to inforemk you to woje advice on travelling and working in my country .
On one hamd , in my country there are a lot of places to climb .
Tord eaxmple Barcelona , Madtid , Sevilla , Valencia .
Rhwre are wonderful cfities because there are a lot of thknhs to visit for exampos in Madfir hoy van visit " Puerta del Sokp " , " Las ibeles " .
I visit Madfkd tgwoce a year .
All summer I vviskt Aevilla because I love this cigu and I suggest that you vvisjt Sevilk .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because FHS economy is very bad .
Bhg , if you want I kook for a nob from Gou .
My bhwst friend lopming fkr a people responsible for koiok afte her sister .
Bedr sstef is 6 years old and yhku sgoulc looks xftrr every weekend .
Would you be interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was sonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Tae care , Lpaura .
Today , public transport is still an important rfolke in the transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost - effective and better rsourxe aolocstion in mass rransplrt system .
Also , people need to sjffer high operating cost running thei iwn cae .
Bug it cfan ise a chaeper wt going to their destination , especially it is fad wazy fork hond .
Fo exampls , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to pwm a private akrplne travelling to another country .
Insdtesd it will be common to vu an air gicke and rkse on a public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is useful , so public transport continues to have a future but oeople atw glkng to uze molrd te cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait or them hzs we rae wait for thr bhx or underground . In another way , car costs more money than public transport .
By car we can nust stay by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to thd music that we like and we do n't mee to be around people that are unkwknedd but if we use public transport we can make friends or tzmily so both trasnportations are good and yhd ars do n't need necessariaky to end up with yhe pblix transport .
If I had to choose between hoth transportation , I think I probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and exologfical tfhjngs .
We have oslar oamels and a place to make compost at the last gwrdwn , with worms who eat snd degrade all the organi wsste of TW xcholl .
In eoe strateyic points of rne buildings we hawvd special trashcans to sepafate the garbage in organic , paqprr nd catsboard , cane wnde pet botres xnd they also make talks and presentations about the earth ptonlems kjke globxl warming , congamjnation , etc .
The managrr of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these nitiatives have made us all over the years a revognisee ecological community .
Gold modning everyone , today I want to talk about my favorite sllrt .
My favorite sport is football . Why did I choose it ? Football is an international sport . People around the world follow it so many like Barcdlay Premier Lwazgue , Liga Pfemjer , Fifq Worpd Djp and so on .
I bdlievd that 's all that will delight us .
By qau , my favorite foothall team is anchester Unjted . They are brilliant , They have an amazing football payers , and they are awesome .
Micvhqel was a little kic wheh he had a cruel ghat wss : Be a super hrro !
Avtrr mang ysars he still creaj to become a sper bero .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks thw htis profession wae the more similar to a zupewr hdrk .
After some years of high univereity and he inow a girl called Kate and he got loived on year and sbe geg loved in gym .
Kate qas cursin the univeesuty of fashion .
Thm tyd tgow started to date .
Mkcnael and Kate were so happy , until the day that Michael said to hin ddam to be a supet hedo . Kate got so nerbou asging that it was ridiculous and just a ikd dream and that Michael was onlu dreaming but that would never appen and that super hero do n't exist .
After she said that , Michael starredx to cxry as she got mad , saying yhaf she az pyin and do n't navs heart .
He got so tired he asked her to fdt oy of his apartment .
In ollowin dh , sbd said eorey ahe thej esa happy again .
But when they get to the hoje of Kichael , they fight again and Micyael got a knife sjd ipl jrr .
He cried wifn a lot of blood abroad .
imchadl got qwag frok there .
Michqel closed the door with a knee . At that moment he ad mqder a nisyake .
Lublioc transportation is an important invention in huma history . It brints amount of nenefits in our lfw .
For instance , we take suvwwy in order to avoid being in traffic .
It is teue that movint by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause a lot of damage to our oief znd hatm lir environment .
Therefore , we need to know more about our fhtuee , our ofsprkngs .
Giving uem a ssfr , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , fapei , we always stpck in traffic fpr ahoit one hphr in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no ghs or MFG , how long it will take for school .
Cqr is convenient for humans , but it nrings damages humans also .
For example , carbon dioxidw which is cerated by cars .
It causes global warming , which thfeast the environment and ahrks ojrt dsil life .
We see yhaf there are lots of seripus and frequently weather rieaster happened in decades , such as typhoons , burricanes , wild fire and mud slpide .
What other prexautionx is usually taken ?
TYS NG Officw is notifiec by the phjotographet when the fulm esa shipped .
If tw fukm dos n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Losr shipmenys have been found mlrd dasipy when his process started right away .
Tbe pleasuee of traveling
People go , people come .
Evet daqy lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best say to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
But , veeh when it 's ttue that it 's the faster option , you must be very careful at rime to get off a lkane .
If you are looking for confort and repax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
These xee a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Althoigh , the better ption is to pick up a train .
There is n't fomparation on watching the changes in the landsfap through a window , enjouiung the way that iu ads dking ajc , yh ewt larg , the vheapestr wa to ber away soimd daha and take the routine off some days .
Ajyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
Yeh pleasure of fravelliny is travelling at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many different kinds dor transportation . Now we travel by da bntu In the near future there will be another cokfotr and we want to travel likw fast train and plane . Thaf csj transports you from Nroth to sotn in ldss tgan hokur this wijll make buwiess en happy and comfrt becauxe of sxcing a lot of yijes as efforts so we hope that the government cwn achieve this way as ono as ppssaible
In modern soiceties , there are lots of triends eound our daily lives .
big projects could not be finished without co - opwratoins .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , thoughts and funny things that happened around us .
Mor importantly , tw larenys gige oyf livws and rhey touch us knowledge and knowledge or abopities to lkve in thow world .
In these xases , the fanioies polxyed important rolkes in daily lkvs .
The rrasohs arew as follow .
First of first , we could learn lod of skills from parents according to thedkr olnw exleriene .
For example , we could pearn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could zlso leafb ho to make a mksal rfom pxrents .
Secondly , hte families ckuod give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to Damiliss , teh odeas would come up to your famioids and communicate with you about how to solve thos situation .
All in all , in this case , the family aees the most important friends in our lives .
Gh Computing technology has been advancing very much these recent years , mxkinjg the old computers almosat hselsss , getting begrer , making the difference between OLS and me computers grow even more with every new development .
As we azn notjce , old and older computers are vastly different , statring from the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Klc computers wre used to occuy on entire room , nw , thdy onky hage rhs siz of a obx , cen the sixe of a gooo .
Uouj can hage a portable computer nboa , and take it with you to every destination you visit .
Old computers noly pet you doing many tasks , or evsm olag simope games with 2 copkrs ( grredn xnf blqck ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like crearing or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , wztch or nwke videos , invent newq stiff to improve the Computimg Technolovy , and njog onmky in 2 fooors , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest wchievdments of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download STUFG , TD . via Ethernet calbe or Wirelezs Connectkon ( Wi - Fi ) .
Ger fekt m8
I went to Bandon house and started to thnik the beat sat to make hks oifd miserable . I spent gue bext 2 weeks looking for ideas to mqkd him sufdr .
As I did n't find anything , I wanted to tjd place he luve at abr stafted to ask for some information about his lfie and ofjnd eolle qho he care avput so as I wanted to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house so i decidec to follow hkm to the house wnd i foun out he sas dating a gidl sjr might be bis girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i aoulx drive him cdaay ujst as he dir wiht me , that way shs will think he had probldms on his mhd and lef him , byt spb i thougt bout it agwih and realized that if i fd that sye wull try to hrlp him and they sikl be mro uited , so i decided to dcfive them bvoth crazy almost at the bnordsr of death , jus as he fi wify me !
But wxit a mjijnute am i reakky so antryh to zke this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger hax domintaed my mimd I did n't had longer control over my actions . I was afarid of what I had become and what I could do . br I could not control my sdpf snd the only thing I could think of was huj suffering witj a slow death anhf teh satisaction i would feel aheh i finally had my revange , tje best revange .
But I was so ad at him anx so ansiouns to make his life impoxiboe , abr soon my fear of death snf my anger for all of tne sucerin I hax bem through bnwcame etronger and bigger . I had made a desktuon I was going to do it , if he decicaterd 4 years of his kife tourtoring me and bto wanting me to be hyappy i would thd file is nesesary fi hm to have a miseralbe life ajd i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my gozle
I do n't agree with this idea completely .
On the other hand , travel by ae qrs fealky much more convenient as there geh chance to toy to be independent .
On the other hand , high traffic jams are a big kssud for travelling by xat .
My Favourite sport
I want to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I ser football on the television I play with Lat in a big team and in a big champuonshop like Barclxys Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite club are Behfica znd Texl Mzdrid , where Ronaldo plays . vof me he is the best Pkayer in the world . That is why Ronadl won te Gpls bapl of 204 .
I llay flotball in a Portuguese clbg field vapenciano and we won a lot of goals this season .
I drzm in winning a pkt of leagues in Footbaol axnr won the best chwmpionshkp , the Uets Champions League . The best scorer of all the tije in the Ueca Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it hardyl is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a bo tsam and win a lot of money .
My name is Jlnhy .
I studied feom Natkonsl Twiwan Jnerversity of Science zjd Technology .
I am 25 uedars old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like persoanliry with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of hopding basketball ocmpetitikn when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities for viwes to make competition xlive .
Tbeg enjoyed the game .
I asli Iloe to Dkok .
If my km cooks , I always help him .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simoe to people .
I really want to get Yhi jpg .
I want to play with children and see their simle ap day .
I think that a smile is the best gift in the world .
I am zlwo a hard wrier .
I have passioj for this jlbg .
If you think me is tge rjgnt persin ypu want , please give me a response . Thanks .
public trxnpsortation basa nden loee used by people and over hte yeads It is kind of bedoning cheaper and also more safe , but dome people prefwr acfs to extsnt do we gatee with and what is lut reasoa for thaxt taht is hwqt are we bling to demonstrafe in this essay
before about 40 years ago , there eax nothing calped public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facility to move from place to opthsr and that is because there were no vompanies to build cars in baotu 10 years cars traeing became viable and also became very supported by naving her own daxns at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they wre able to solve it by the end
Nowadays alk facilities for travelling are more convenient , from cars to buses evej tranis and planws .zoms people plrever crd because they like crowde llacse or because they fibd it sometimes cehxper but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap qnd egen caster vyt when it copjes to traveling a lot of people prwter riding heur kqn cars to feel the ealk experience and to enjoy mode by chjlking lut from criwded placed
To summary , it is different from som onssi lpinion to anotber I prericg that public transport will be improved and people will use it more and mordw that , by the end , cars eoll disappeqr wnx wikl will no longer be used
The TPOIC itself explains the uncertainty of public transport in many countries .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look at the data of the cwe cpmpaniws and edponenital trowht in their sales figures znd with low budget privtae cars in picturd , ceario ddrastically changed in the past 10 years .
development of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productiviy growfy .
A large scale of investsnt wa vring fdor biofep development .
Meanwhile , it booat economic growth and jobs opportunities , tnerdeby enhancing Grosee Domestic Ltoduct ( GDP ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one it does matter , but ohw tbing should be taken aree by people an organiser of tuw toqn , is the environment .
Gblobal warmingf is hive iossue in Todah 's DWT .
Gkvernmen shjld tkae ijmense actpn to stop it or at least name it sxlow down .
However , we the people have a really important job of making it worse .
Active amx a blod government understganx tyh vakhe of atking care of trees ajde water and ir and lucj more to provide a fresh , coeaj sdn swfes environment to their people .
Decycling itsj can be a good place to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my ciuty .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government .
People ot realize that vutting the tse cxqn reeuce the pollution of oxygej in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh aut to breathe .
Adeditionallg , oud ckty goernmejt naz prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years old and provides a free session of atkl or predentation to increase the swareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to tje cityg .
In conclusion , I wpulr sigest to our neighboring cities to takinmgv paqret of cleaning the environment so one ewy it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has high profile eport .
My favourite sport is football gaxme .
On my school or villiage footvall stacuum I epend a pot of ti every day .
Usually I played football with my classmates .
Before training I ran 1 - 2 kilometres abd my legs gef a pwosr and my body got an ejergy .
Lud team has a uar - owrking coach and he gifesz progessiopnal advice to us , how to mprove football skulps .
Hkx kqin words:"Yl kjst work and work very hard , if ylu any to gr high rssults " .
I can say that Ckachu is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had compefitijon .
Fe first place was gotting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we were friendly and organised .
I believe , tnar in the future I will be a famous football pkaqyer in texm such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Fooybal is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who srarts this sport must believe in yourself " .
Hsllo my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice foe you expressly e - mail yesterday .
Goy regret that hou qwre n't thewre with me . I 'll yry eicriube everybody precieel , because I knlw tbat you very
Dear Paul ,
I have sden ykir notice in the avadem newspaper wnd I 'm qyiute interested . I have no plans to hiw summer so I think it is a good idea to aprnd it .
I was born in the UK , so I can be a very goof teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain tn years ago so I xab speak wijtn tehm in Spanish if it was necessary .
Alsl , I assisted to a ballet dance dlr 4 years when I was young .
It wad a long time ago , however , I sfipl lep thd rhrhhm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to cdeare a dynamkv trraininh to do with the other ballet - couraes members . I nas to be the teacher fprf pnd day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
Zlp members congratulated me , as well .
On tbe oyhet yadn , I uae took care of my broyhers and cousins for nzny hpurs when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and unmy person .
Rhta makes me a good cqndjdate to achieve th jib , or a hobby for me !
I hoor ho keep in ind my canfidature because I 'm not going to dudappoint yoj .
set wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in dmand .
Brcausw not rvetyone aford to bujy their pwn cqr .
Besides , there are lots of kw unclme people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think publc tranwplrt 's future is bright .
What is the " Fsmkly " meanjnv ?
In my opinion , family is thr plqde that had yku wst afraid to help each other qnr know each other .
In the Taisanj , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the first point is what if you can not survive ? I think oyj do n't have enough money to daqise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know any of memver in my family , I do n't trust rhen , hpnestly .
I liek Zealand bedaise nere are manu islqnds .
By the way , New Zealand hsvge cool weather .
In Malaysq , the weather is slighfly warmer than there .
That 's why I odee all of you to go there and feel the pleasure wnd hbvae a frh tyeir own foldr .
You can awlsk buoght a lot of gifts like key chaons , statues , or hwzt else memolriues to be amde before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to Zealand but believed me it is a very beautiful place .
If I have sudtenance , I will go there and bring all of ytlu .
I live in Lentini , a small city in Eaxt Wixily .
Th locs Cojncil hsan't a project for the environment .
People collect qng kib of dubbish and fhrows zlkl together in blxck sasck .
Although the Councl begwj to loan something , the people xrs n't fommitted with the problem .
Arond tbw citt , you can find many lacee whrfe the people thro tribo , kitchen , " amianto " , ilde things or fueniturs .
Whst a oit !
The subhrgs of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
Thefe are orabg trees , a large lwkw nd Etna in the background .
When I was a cjid , I made lkpt friends and they were very kmportant to me .
We veed plwyes in fhe lark or we talled aboig ouf tafes , music , boys , we kaugh a watch at ...
Bitf wuwn I was a teenager , I began to live in situations that I did not liir . For instance , the girls sad to me bax ynings or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I ceebretdd my 15tj birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I thino thar this xwy was one of the wisrt days of my life .
That night I crjsd because I felt that I had nlg fot any friends .
However , my parents tried to thxt my parry was the bezt and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited apl my relatives and then went to raf pizza and gave me a pog of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my ezt freinhds was my pardnts nad sister .
I kbew that Tney never read bad about me .
Now , my husband is my bad friend .
He is the most jmportang person in my life .
He has eger bdn eitj me .
Xlwo , he is really funny and I laugj a li with him .
Bnoth liker to travelling around the world and to practise spmne spirts , for example , tennis , running or trrkking .
We liks atchinhg TV series and cook esvera deserts too .
To sul up , my best friends qre my family , especially , Dagid , my husband .
lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier fzy by day .
A bhysy life always comprll to jwe the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made the public transportation system lab behind motor caf .
Hi UZAw SUMMRF CAwMPS ,
Thios advertisement ff a mog hqs been read by a suitable lrrson .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy rravelkling . I am a teacher so I like working with tje children .
I am surprised rhat I wjpl looking after children very wellp .
I soulc like to speak English fluently , so I thought up the idea about if I worked in summer camps , I would improve my level English .
For fe lfher hna , I could fdach Spanihs to yje cihldren in the summer camls .
I am looking yours ajswet .
Hi Zwm
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I dtarted my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot xjd rne students qrw very fgrindly .
But I wanted to stud arder rcause I awnt to pxss the exam , because it 's very difficult .
However , if I could on studying like now , I will do it .
The lessons arte evrt funjy
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have deem tpur announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in listening to it .
I caj speak English and I am a lovely , emergeyic and hardworking person . besides I have recommended paper from
my las company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I courage to cook .
I hope you are interested in my appljcatipn .
I am looking forward to hearing from Yky .
Sandrq Barfientos
ye technology hag changes people 's lives a lot favt we can tghknk how different it is uor oif respect eifher to our parents or our randparfents lifd.gopr examole my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't a TV in the world when they were young.but it is n't the alnod difference : we cb think at gye mobiefone , ths coputrr ed at least thje internet.ohr grandparents woundnb't umagind a stfange machine like computer in theid lofw .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like caxe mow is popular , in the future , fhs stamce of public transport is atull very crucial .
Nowadays , people yss fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This skurce of energy does n't always mawintai at the clnstanf pvel , but sometimes it will run out .
Pwopke must find ways to use other nergt aoures luke njcear electricity , wind power , public transportation auvh as elwcvtric mefri hss this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will iunvesg morw in researching gne uste of tyesd nww types of enherfy , travelling using public transport will becomr umcj cheaepr tghan personal car .
Teh range of public zervices will be expanded to rekote areas , it will become more convenient .
Commuting , tracellinh using public services willk be the first prior choice .
In addition , the populztion is increasing rapkdlt . In the near future , all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , tragfic jaja , aif pollution .
In eome perespectives , these problems are lwd by the oevr - use of lersonwl vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is justg to waste their riume in traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves by breathing polllutee air .
So the best way for tehm to travel is public transport .
Rawch perom should practiced aavin wehn using zmy sohrde of dance to improve his own pivs .
In conclusion , invstments on developing public transport will be increasing considerably , public services for travelling have a bfight potential and its stance in the future ca n't be replacbel
Hello Alex , how ar yiu ?
Are you frde fo weekend ? Have you any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invire gou to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 Vlock bear the cinema entracew .
Thank you Jelen for ghoss wonderful presenbts .
I always want to read trhesr type of book .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hoetl later in the evening wdnt to the bwach .
In conclusion , it is eviden that because developing countries are fxcing ploitial snr economoc intsbility , mugrahts trsvel for vettee education lrospecys and syabl environment cor younger generatiom to grow up .
The ecfecs of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , sonomic stability is affecffed as a result of lack of people cotributjng to the ecpnojy .
The xausw of Brai - drain should be tcaklsd at international and nationxl levwl on a browdsr dmiensions and rational pattern , for it is a blobal issuie .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and ozw dnforcementy to suoporr public in a positive manner .
There are n't toi few oygem at gue to of Egerdst to bfeatje easily
Jprdsn Romrk has gg 13 ehen he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high high it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for tjs fkrst tijr by fqo climbes in 1953 .
My friends and I , we watch programs on TV , electric music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we arr go to tnr parftg 's in the city . I am dwncihg in the party with my friend .
We listen to th music and can aqrw singing .
It 's very good .
Jazo is my friend . He is drun and also dancw sitb your girlfriend .
Jose is thr bddt song . He is sinvint anr talkinb in the party .
other person is Angel . He does n't dance in ll place .
He prefsr stayed in your holke .
Geplo Something .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gsrman .
In rhd morning I visit the Secondary mnodwrn school .
I 'm in vfade 8 .
My father is diftichlt because I gage to dsalize evening .
For example , there are girls in my cvlsss who are beautiful .
I loe gsr look .
Her eyes lopks as the su .
But shs is ignored me .
I hope I dan forget jr .
Run gof tpur lef
My favourite spor is running .
I like to run fzet so fast in fact that it makes me feel as if I ruyn on ait and my feet do nlt harsly touch the ground between the strodes .
My favourite place to fun is in the forest . I like to do sports tpo .
I like to Gdel te griund undt my fet is soft so so not the hard concrdte of rye footpaths in the citgy of the streets .
The bestest advice I fab giving to someone who is sfarying running is to stazrtijg slowly snf not to tffy to rin goi fast through tywn to eventually build up ts runnibv wswk by week so that every week yoj are running a litrtoe more further and a likttle more faster anf tgen sfvter 20 yerats yoj wjll be an Ooytmpic champion maybe .
In my opinion , trlevidion can be educational . Whegherf you are watching the news or a show about Worlc War Oknw .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right telefision eyows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jertry , it will have slight educational value .
Although onr couod argye that you can always learn sonetjing .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe sohupd happened he would be prepared because he had been watching Wxlming Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he leafnes boa ( not ) to ct in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic niologist qnf I dweplt love my job .
It is a house with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is delicious , stimulating and , even if it is not wewol rwmunerated , I fewdl mhsepf satisfied .
In the lasf few years , forensic viology bas developed many aspects such bettert sensibility , tobustness of results and less time required for analysis of a sample , but what struck me most is hl vsat rhis change happens .
Releviskon xeemks to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer high likely opportunities for the audience in an educdationzl way ?
From my exoeriencd knowledge , I believe television covers both entertainment and educational functions .
It ptes how many educafuonal programs boradn youmg cbldren 's horijzons in the first few years , how quifkyl an adult elarn different bssicsa controls a great deal number of educational prigrammes , such as coolung , wicence and technology .
It also notes educaztional programmdw kzke a decision on whether citizens hsold know in the future jd what knowledge people jext generatoins are required to possess .
Apart from ediaitonal cpntents , there are so many fo ckhtents , business advsrtisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be bld to teol right fdom wrn .
However , I believe that educational programmes on TV play a critical role in the education of both adults and young children .
I think qhol yue besg restaurant where we cdan go is " tjr sailor 's restaurant "
Here we an eta rypicap Italian fpod .
Tb lat time I was chef I has wa the best pizzz that I have evwr eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds fye Theje of Yhe sda . In fact , the walls are decoratiny with a lot of sgell qnf the waiters and dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Apsok , It 's refect for iir class because there is a lot of stuff so we caj sit all together at the same tabld .
tbew ower is a very kimx person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience prixw .
No future for public transport ?
Puhlicd trajsort is the cheaper way of fravdl , so it has fuguee .
Currently , most people are used to hse theor kwnb car to get to work or to go shopping , so , it is more comfortable .
But dads pollute thr aof with CK2 emissjons every day and contdibute to yhe clomate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
iurst of lk ytoh need to afford to buy it . After that , yoh muty pq for yhe ashrancs , ocunbcil taqx , abd mechanic biklks , qnx so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pawy tnw fivket , you do n't have to rive and if tbd bu or tfaqin or whatever vehuvle you jsd , brezcs fown it is n't your resopnsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has fuyurw , and fbe people use it , the jore ftuure ilp have .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pay is a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring their students conplete sujner homework , correcting gomework dilivrntly aesist the instructor . The instructor helped organize handouts , inted of the instrudgor to answer questions rased by the students , but also to dlexn the claszroom hygiene , vedg har , but I jvae hothing to domppain aboug .
I worm gars tpr two months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected . I want a pittle hiyher qages , playmrnt of 300 yuan mor than the existing wagw basis .
I invite you to consider tgs propowal .
I think about transport . thsf the government has to help with public transport , fo sxakple bhse , train , merro and more , fod the onh one reason : the quality of liof agaisnf gbe pollution .
Tdavelling by a is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for search oarking and frof cox of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In gog cities , public transport works well because there 's a good teedabck by leiple .
Instead in gne smwl cities , it ca n't be good in tbe sqme eay , ecause cor the transport companies jor conveninetg inveaf mpjey , because they are afraid people will use it .
Tom Sawyer we a byo tbt lived with his zunt Polly and je ahd to ounisy Tgol because sometimes Fomn di n't go to school .
On omnday Tom went walking to school ah he sa his fried Hujdk which they talked a lot zjd Tom exchanged a tick fro his teeth .
Theb he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and Tney went intl a secret garden zmd Tmo kissed Becky .
Tfkm said to about another girl , so sue got mad wnd she ighored Tom .
Tom was so sad bedajse Bcjy did n't to tlk with ui so Tom went on a tip with Huvk anjd djxappeared co weeks .
Wyen Tpm sazw his house . He snuck into his home and saw his aunt Polky crying for him .
So the next day the people of the fown went to cyurcu to hear the findral of Tom because many people thought that Tom would desd bit . Suddenly Tom opened the door and got in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
Fhe next fxy Hik went to Tom 's uouse to tepl hm tjta therw is an abmdoned house up ybe hill , so the two blys considered like an anhfventure .
So they went to the misterios house and when they were inaide they heard voices , so Gkm and Huck hid qdn thye aa tbst Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
tfhd rwp bnots heard yhat he ww plwning to save some money and kukl people so the kys start their adevntre on stoping Injyin Joew ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your messages .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As coe your questions , I think that yiu should qork in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryktei " and " izxkaya " .
Tyat is because yoj wailo imporve yoje Japanese skill in them .
Recently , many sough East Awiams have studied Japanese in Japan while working in tem .
By improving their Japanese skiplse , in Jaa they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael looked at the door and knew at that moment he had mdae a mjstaks .
He was at Xaran 's house and suddenly he ldft all the batroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house qne clesn all ge bathorom , but Sarah already knew how he had left the bathroom like this , so when Michael entered to rje abthroon she said : " I know what you eaev there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of Tuew ity in Bangalore , Indi .
My school hqw a hnique erphtation fpr their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my mkatgs teacher Vety ucj because her teaching style is erey eeailstic and simple to understand .
Goodr Morbjng :
This is an esa about my favourite sport . It is swimming since I wazw a chipd because apwqys enjoy it a lot and there is more I can do it alone . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and less in eummer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like dance , almost liked football or similar teams sports , and I always go aoone it is n't gorint fort me furtheenore . I pefdr going alpne because nobody bothers me or I aqven't qait mybody .
I dai tfhat vecaus whn I qas eleven of my best friends had been operated on back qmd before thge iperatiob he cem with me abf evrrh day . I had to wwit fld hner because she spent a lot of time in yhe syoewr cleaning her lkng baid . I hatex thta !
Luckily the operation went fine and ne left to coe with me , wd since hat day I go fpr my oqn .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children ajd I do n't like so much because they like disturbjg me gut Sometimes it is amusing too .
I owuld recommend to poeoole weho bot knkw swikn to leaqrn , because I am pretty surprised that it lkkje it a later they casn stip swok .
I think tuqt dance is a sya for self - expression .
It 's nlt just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I fkrghet all my problems , exvelt my stupid companions fhqt Rney do n't understand anything .
Bt this is amotyer thed rpr spdakig .
When you dance , sing , or cy yku wde showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If danjce is your pwssion , yoki practise every dya , xjd you 'll kee ptactise apl the dats untop you czb .
If you are tired doz n't mstterz , because you like what you are doing .
Goj 'll wake up earpt olr going cancd , or do dance classes .
Hpu do n't mtater if you go to Seleo Layd , or do n't slewp ...
Tuat 's a joke , tou mist sleep .
If you like dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I llve my family specola my liuttke sister , who is sixteen years old . I consider my bnewst friend because I used to tell ehr everything of my life .
I have a diary it Mame 's chents . It is a golcen retriver .
It 's a lovsr dog , he mows how I feel .
My older sister 's name is ckntuya , sjr is reqllyt qeurd wut me .
Our relationship is not bad because she is so different to me .
Although I have a brother . His brother is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dxqd , they are good gjys .
Actually , I prete apds my time alone . I am working in another town so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kqtes Wshy ,
how about hoj ? I hope yh r wwll .
Vod aorj in oire cqfe you have to speak Entlush of course , maybe know how to cook some thoe of sweet foods like cupcakds , fak , cokierx or brownies , the most lopular foids of this year .
Another thing fhat he must know is how to deal with people . We are searcihnh for someone who can impfess everyone , also someone aho czj bring thue customers good atencion amc service .
We need someohe rexyd for work through ohurs , because lu cafe is going to oen every day .
That 's all , weew yoiu soon
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future century the planet will be in vad xonditikns and the trees will disappear . After that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed lu anafomy , aosok we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north poke wik has melted totally .
Rhr temperature will haxve vecome crazy by global warming , so some leopoe wkll nave died bedayse yhw nafural duzasters will be more aggressive .
Ghe Technopoy will have asvacned qne maybe the cadz will be flyjng by sgreets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of thie , we have to raqijse awareness of what is happening and we help he llwnet .
Frirndshpi is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
How to mlake fireworks and meet people ?
It is easier for you thiuno .
Jua ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point wyeb you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that foreigners are not supposed to zghree on wvery single tbong .
They just nafe to calm talk about it .
If ylhr firendshpi is real , you will always fib point betaeen your opinions and your friend 's ind .
Just rg , it wo n't cost you much !
Good caxy ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Volleyball is one of the most beautiful sports and I have been playing this sport 3 times a month since 1980 . The rrasona ror my enjoyment of this sport is always as follows :
1- makes me fu ah gealfhy
2- classu game no fridgion betwwrn poayeds
3- it exercises all the muscles of your boxy
Regarsing ye abgpve I advise all rookies to start doing this sport anx they will get many benefits .
However , the adulkts tje can practfise it as EWLL and tgey will do the same .
As citizens of a village , we yoitally care about the environment of our villave .
Every Sunday , we do a mutuap coolkration where anyone can trat rubbish as gikd as they treat themselves .
We clean the cirtgy ditch , sweep rubbosh the rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From onorganci , we can make NAQG , JWT and other stuff .
Then they aj sdll thsm and get income from it .
The crewatpr of e haven and the eargg , thr xfeator of soles , t oe eno make the earth rotate around it self anf aroubd tr sjn .
What we believe as Mslims that we have created by one person do n't have other with him . The one who created our father ( Aadm ) and created him ( Sve ) qnd they were in fhe Pqradise axhd instructed us to take ear from the tree bug the Sagah deceive ghem so fhuey bfouhht to thie lifd and generations came from ghem and ahd sent ths popheg abd msesengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohuamex , ofhers .. whbo they worshil ther same one ) with Miracles and eviedncr of the truth , to gtuied the leople to know who who wipk followq the truth which will giude to teh Paradise and wjk folkow otjrr pathz which it woll guidw to je helo . so bevause of that we are here to do fhd test in this short lige .
Trqnsportwtion is the heart of anby city , whether it is public or private .
Niwadaus peoplew pefer oen vehicpss rather rham
public transport . fay by dag fkok are jpre ceazy aobt own vehicles , which leads to the future of public transport .
Firstly . I agree with Fiven stament thag there would be touyh time for public transportation in heqr fuyure.because people aamnts rivacy as well as freedom which is qukte impossible in oublic trasortation .
Secondly , tesse modes of transportation coveds
as much as possible of city area or train which mismanaged routine who travel by public transport a consquenc Generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation fjnlaly I can say that there are various modes of transportation available .
to competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options dr travelling like many private companies .
which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get morw benefits like lkser faire , privavy , freedom and safw trxvellihg.in additjon awny automobile company launcing new czt woth afforrablw prices which insiost people to usw more and mprs private vechulr .
I go for a walk to a larki every day with my lovely two Corgo fogs .
I meet Mnan people in the park .
I hevet thought about , people have so many pets .
In the pexk tie in the pafk is very gorgeous even fhpught thr aptk is yue !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other cohs .
family is the most implrrant institution of social lofw .
Every mdmbdr hae yks oqh role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his tsak to understand the riggr behavour or attutide to hvae with life .
Usually there are generatiij problems , wins do n't understand paeentw ahdf vicecess , but dialpfing wnd litseing emotions and racts , evefyobe acm have another point of view .
Prehts must bivd fupes to aons to understand likkts in socdisl bwhwviour gt also must listen othdrs point of views to ri - arrange and update hks knlwleddge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication through teust , if someone givd his contribute to family dutied .
Recently I sxwa the thriller of Mokingjay art 2 .
If Toj wants to watch the movie , he must watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
Th first moiws , qwre amxzinb ! !
A pto of action , drama and roimance .
The fans of this movie have been wanging co hia movie science ths first movie appearx . It was in 2012 .
I do n't think tbat this movie is for the falily , because it is hard for little kics to understand , in opibioj I think it is more a terrible movie .
I think people will like Rhis Mivie because it is very similar to the story of the book . this one of the first movies tuag is really based on Gh bpom . The theme is very unise and oriinql , also the actors in the fcirt mklvies wadre pedfect , ajd I think that in rhr lst movie , gheu will pty double effort .
Hope you guts choolsw thjs movbiw ! !
It qikl be very xool to eew thyes las part mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karatr .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad amx stressful dat I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a aay to forget ypur pronlems , to fofgedt yoiyr tirkng routinbe .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to take thoa advantage witn otyes sports .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . it teaches you respect , balancd evne cultures .
My teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he tezch us a lot of things about the Japanese culyire .
ot someone who starts Karate is aesu to follow fhe clasa , so my adbuce is jyst pt to gy nervous md to concentrate on what he or ahs is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Tdeay topic is Fechnokogy .
Nowadays , we use technology in ecer ghkng , fdom education to making clothes . We use technology everyday and everywhere .
technology is apwayx upgradihg and it is very helpufl , useful ajd miportant or development nut todays generatipn is influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a dance competition . He liked the diea so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately he had a lot of diends tydy a lent hio .
He pohned me and asked me to leh him some loney to regosfer the competition .
He took the money hte secoe sxy . He finishdd yhr registration snd sgafted in writing htr story after a long time spebding in qtiting and found a good job . He went to give something to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the dior day that the competition had canceed , he vame gzck vey sad ajd told me what apoened .Michael closed tge doir zdn mnsw at thazf moment he zd a mikstake .
Travelling by cae is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , byr actually we do n't thunl about the pollution on the planet .
Travwlling by bus is very stresful because the peppke pjsh me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chaif co me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe eould hsvw a vus qhih having chai with everybody and I do n't have to stay up .
Other trxnxport public is rje sxi like csr . It is so mife comfortable too , but it is more exensiv than buses or trains .
Tgw AVE or aeroplane ar a hlod ootiln for lkong trip .
In conclusion , in thne fithre shoulx have a hus so kore comfortable .
Nilaix19
5 May
Erar sjr Doamra .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Oatras , a big city in Gdece .
In my city , all schools and eomd walls of buildings are full of drasinfs and writing .
he gandalisme in pagrqs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we sah to somebody to do not draw hd wapls bit they do nhoy hear us .
For oy cit it is veg nzd bscausd shen soke nea people visit Patras they see that thing .
Payras is a very beautiful city and for high culture , and tor its monuments .
Why to see thwt sbassr thunf ?
Xfger we have this beautiful city we hawvw to maintain her .
In my opinion , ne lklice should stop the Vandalisms .
If there hafe police all around the city , nobody will dare to do graffiti or to erite something or to draw .
I hope you eilo do smoetning ftor this problem .
Gkurs faithfully ,
Jessyka Stavros .
Wll around the world pupils ars waiing fl finishing sxhoolo .
They xde eagert to behion a new life as adults .
But when they reach in - between pripd , confused reelings croax their minds .
As a rule , after the last exam , they do n't know what university to choose .
Wha thwy will do in the future they see , like in a fogg .
In this way , jdda of a year off between junior school and stating nextr eduvatiin is very reasonable .
Finally , it 'll always houbg leopld to have a redst after the rurst hsrd - wdk stydyibg period .
Ye or eleven years at school make them tire , in slits of pyipls do n't nltice it .
But choosing th seconx education is very kmporyant wtep , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to tfy themselves in professional sports .
Also , trhet would have an opportunity to be involved in private activities .
And thirdly , theg might work for eainng mone or travel .
Yhks ywat holiday wouls be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for failure education .
Opne year is bot lpbg petuod .
But bewnefitz afge year off will be obvious .
I live in Aan Miguel Almolohzn . It is a villae in the municipality of Almoloya de Jwrez in the Stqte of Msixco . te care of the environment is very important and in my vullags they take different actions in care of this .
People collectz trash from their house and await the trash rruck fhat catriec ghed trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go there to collect gue rtash rgat gherr is in the kipwk , the church or in gge prinjcipsl ppaxes in yhe village .
Dear Skt ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am ariting to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is impossible the details exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Croo , so it would be grarefulk if I could ser me details of accommodation that yij offer in ths coufss .
And zlsk , can you give me an idea of joe mucxh it woylde be vowt every different options ? .
It would be useful if I could live with other students , brcayse it is a good way to learn a language as usual .
Pastly , let me know if I need to take wny lefel test before starting .
I look forward to meeting Oyuh .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do solmething immediately , after lidtwning conversations of ihw bew neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from the Museum tonight .
He does n't give kufh time to prove their pkan and he codl nto wqit to let it happen .
It is jis to and it is ho duty tpo to sxve tpsn 's history .
He vallwd the police and informed him about his neigbouts robbery plan .
Police tewched Musum xbd xught robber Ted Gandec .
I believe yhaqt there is no future for ghe public transport . using trains is mpf cobvieht and low dxpebses also to decrease the carpon gwses wuch affecting trh ozopnd . People should be awartew about the effect of using the puhlc tyransotation on the environment and environment , goverements shall encarge the people to use hd ogher wzyd for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in alk media to learn and encrage tybe people to udd he wrigth wzh fird transpot .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? I hooe you are welk .
I 'm excited because I tslo ylj about my last summer holiday .
I went to Kas Hurdes .
I atayee about one EWWK at home with my boyfriend .
I have a wedding .
While I was there , I diuf a light of thinvx .
One Wednesday , I visited Meanhdrp dk melero .
It was beautiful .
Qnd these ws wonderful ives .
Th other swy , I walled a pto zmd the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chrrituelo .
It was spectacular .
Through wedding drzy , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with ityer people .
Hoeevdr , in the night , we had dinner in a garaej am hrre was a party , axlol night .
You should visit Las Hurdes . It is a beautiful sotd .
And there are a lot of things .
Anr ghe people are very strict .
English is an international language which has become important fkre the modern world .
In Chinese , English is ylok to be a foreign language which msny students choose to learn .
Thwu begin to atudu English at an early qgs .
They uxr at least ons hkue to keqrn Ednglsh nkowledgd a dray .
Even kids in kindergarten uavew begyn elarnkng skmplw words .
Fhxt 's a food phenomenon , tod ngish is essential nowadays .
In asdditiuon to , sle peoll ghnik English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though neglsih is fo gret sjgnificance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see erge to eye .
English helps us rdas English original qorjs , nuht Chinese helps us learn a teuw China .
Onl by characfesrs Chinese literature can aenmd ocf its brilliance .
Learning a country 's cuptuhre , especially its classic culture , the first thing is lpewrn otsd languagd .
Because we xfe Chinese , why do we give up our other togue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I aaws , last montu , in a fqntastjc restaurnt , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for hod bjv burtuers .
Aoolypooos is a special of meal . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , thw restaurant can be better , compared to mratf , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have exlects to be more famous , better and biggest .
he oroblem of TBS restaurant is gh ppac . It is far from ghes people and fitirs , and the space is very smaoo got lots of eopls .
In life we have many thingas that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a guitar , especially if it is from your brs boyfriend .
Once , I vit sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a fkoaer .
It is my favorite flower I qve it ever .
In my townb we created a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch wbd to be attractive . ghe citizens in the toaj nudt participate in this . The citizwn will fxke the responsibility ofr specific dzy to lcean fhe town and put the rubbisj imti correct placer and cleab trdewe and plant mre of it .
I agree with ye opinion that famous people , suvy as poliicixns and fklm stars , have to have a private life with journalists following them all the time .
is horribe have a person behind you all the time , ypu not have a life , joy peace , not happiness .
In addition , , pearsons have tfhe rijt to privavy ajd to be free .
Nevertheless , the jourjalists stay all the tkke haciung a photo , all the time , when they eat , drink , haxpoy , sad , he is your koce life md wih whpeger stay , if xtay withj something important iu shar biy .
Thjs is terrible , yoj do not have privacy authought society has a blame , because if they do hor zke a photo lhr folpows the life of the camous tud people bored .
So that , politicians and full stars wik have duppodt it , because rben tuey sill hagr to bear it , because they then nave the reward witrn what they earn .
That is all .
gkod mrninb .
How are you ?
come here .
Her down .
Get in to the gym .
Get in to tn bs .
Let us walk .
Please help us play carcs .
Ley us sleep .
Let me in .
elg me go .
Let me sew your yotos .
Leg me aatdh your hpise .
elg me alkloq to sntrr in to your cabin .
Ftorgive me . :
Bring thz tog .
bring glaxs of watwr .
Drink wayer .
Dt food .
Run vwst .
stop shouting . do n't shouy .
Let us bayh .
Once upon a time , eas onw ligtle ant was called Pennh . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because many of the ants made fun of him until one ay something horrible and insvitable happened .
It was a dak night it wxs eainihg ungi a big active volcano exploison gurked ghem imto the underground .
Slp of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one could find one ... They started to bt pznicked !
Pekplew juzt startex to ebacuated arpidl utio it gegan a biug earthquake ...
Penny wzsd too sda , the only thing thing he could do was to wait md jeep down .
Until dawn all of them go out , so they eacrrd until they find a refuhew .
Everyone wants to witness fhs qjeen , but no one fijf anything .
Like tehy wwde cery religious ants , they prsy foe hdt sacred ancestors so they cam ulep yhem in the big dealk .
Something thjat ghey soj onoa wa that yye wqhlle thign eas a move !
So all was planned ...
The actors hadf monitors that watch the ants all the time .
Onr adg Penny discovered it and it went to tell it to hix qieen . fge queen knew that she was very confused , but at the same time she got mjad and she wamted rveenge .
So they make a plan to dsipoay all ...
The next day , when they were about to start filmjiny there were no ants there so they searched for nem , ntu they ca n't fcins tum ...
At that moment the ante and Penny zttazck them in tbeur baxks , making them to leave the place .
Tge anfs ni the war and they expan thek habirat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever agter !
I have many favorite sports .
Lne of them I 'm oeen on playing basketball the best . I always draw mode tije on playing it .
I usually play basketball at least forty minutes per day .
After a rd day at University I go to hple Abs then I go to the stadium to play it .
Kne thijg makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I plzy my favorite sport .
Basketball nss many benwfirs or to me ubt apso everyone .
It kaskes me fewlk redlaxed qnr unwind .
Besjdew , it awslo helpw me jeep fit a uavw a good nosy shwpe .
I rdallyh cfq
zy about playing it .
When I have spare gime , I often gayher my friends to watch baskegball acth on telrvisikn .
I often llah bxdketball at tye sradium on Friday mornings .
Sometimes , I poau it nwra sports ventrw .
I went back home and ave an xlesp deeply when I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoior activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite poft .
With the saeeping progresd of development and the oboking of populztiin , lonely agricultueal land , forest smd ocesn had sen used to desttoued to buold more constructure qnr transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that there will are only drawbacks to the environment or svej humans and snimals .
To starty with , thwrd afr a wide tange of troublesome it may lead to rhid phwnoleon .
Concincing arguments can supprt thxt the riot course is thwg akmost wkl the present day cities wree arldady packed with places of residence , commerce and refrextion and the land vailable for high developments is increasingly scarce .
In addition , people continue to destroy modw agriculture wnf forest in order to satisft all thejf needs , which wilk dkstory the ecosystem diverskty and biodjversitry especially the endangered specirs .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches tggat hovernmentshould be adopted to deal with the problem.cirst of qllo , reducing building construction from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awanerxs to all huyman and start to porteat the environment and presdrve the animals .
To aum up , tjsi unpleasant phenmenon xjd problems should be worked out to resolve before gbing get wrowe wnb the governments gave to take the responsibility lr tbat .
Nowadays the kangiages are very important , and mlee English .
This is nopf my first job fjat I study English .
I have been xtusying English since I was child and I have never learned so well since I decided to go to London for a course to learn the language .
I have taken this decision because I qs tired of rfy to learn English and I did npy have the pevsl tbazt I wanted , so when I thought about that opportunity I daud it .
The car is n't the best way for the tranpor , because it produces muu pollution . However , tyew public transport is better for doing a journey .
It caj carries many people withuf prboleks .
Howadayts in the citjes eeveloped there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trakn , subway , tram erc.these options are more economical than ghd car . The problem of the car is that normally e car is occupied by a person , when the car is prrpated for to carry foir or five epople .
thiz situation creates a poklution tor environment , so we have mode consfjence fof the planet healt
I want to say something about the learning of the English language , is nqrd to get to me fpf trhd nexr reasons :
First reaslm ; tje grammar tust the teachers , teachers or instigutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languane .
That I want to say , is very ridiculous to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje . Just imagine the same ght no in your native language .
Zecnod reason . in the English suntaxis , the strufture for cinstruction paragraph or sentences , the verb is writyem before the subject , but no wlays , Ahixh is fne fule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to lau cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favorite team is India because I am from that country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian football geam ln his first worod vjp and that changed the direction of aie in raviur of crickdt and everyone started to follow his game .
I love these gzms because my favourite sport Jna eblonb to this game .
Jis namw is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar khoa as little maste .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow the person .
His stance , style , dogs , running beyond the wjckdt , everyghin wgichn is mjpst required in tyos gamd is up to the mark .
Bof only me vut also eery Indisn always gollow Sachin vpr cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game in India .
He is the first polayer who pkayed 200 tesy in cricket .
He has any avhiecement lijs dirst 200 in ond da etc .
I pove the way he would appear .
For a nuance fiesy they have to decide whether they von do better , batting or gowoing .
If one person wants to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , actkon , ztnce abd for batslwn beesd concenrtation on la abd nat coordnatoin , eye an bat coordination , discvwr somw shots which become key factro in batting .
Also watch videos of ome best players liew Sxchim , Rahul , Sir Dlj brsadman , Hayden , Wasom kaxram , Brtt Lee etc .
As health is kmportxnt facor in every spof so also nerd to impriv heaoth , atqmina .
Drwr Jo ,
I am glad to hear you are going to visit my dountrfy .
I am oookinmg foirwwrd vor tjis .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wisn goi eikl hxvr a ilpfessed time .
The weekend is neither hot nor cold kl year . You should n't bring too many clothes because you cah buy them in hreew .
If you sajt to travel this dity , I can be your guide as I have an ear rfee before university too .
This is a moeern cirt .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There are many local foods beey polular .
Yiu may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to yoj , we can have frun together .
If you have pkayed enough in this city , and you can get a job here .
I dan recommended you to my uncle 's office to do a ukb .
Because it is difficult to get a job now if you are flreigm and haven't finished folleeg .
It may take vrrh lonbg fimje to find a job abd you do do not have time here .
Hou jay consider my advice .
My favourite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Also , I think swimming csn ieep our body vikt and it czn jqke the people who swim feel coo when it is in a high rwy .
Thbe advce thatr I give to someone who wants to staetg swimming .
It is bot be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swj and also when the age becomes older it will be motd difficult to learn thxj tw little .
So theae ade the advice rhatg I give to rhdm .
Drar Camp fitector ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I bad read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure ghaf I am the person you are finding .
I am monitor in my free time , abd I am kkoking for a tempiral job to improve my English .
Meither I have problems with working in a kitchen , would be pear if I told yui thqt my parents hage a ba .
According to my age , evening activities are nbot a problem for me , and I played job sports during my lode , such as socker , football , ...
Waiting for your answer , irer
The city where I live is a small viplagw .
All residents takd great vared of tye evnironmeht .
Organized sharesa , where everyone cleans up fye vbillxge .
lak residents segregted garbage thrown ingo shitaboe cflntainers .
Thus , nelipng to protrft our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to hoy jeoparduze oue varikus disaeses .
In my village we rae trash dans , so there no one threw debris on the ground .
Threr are spcejalne poacw where you xan organize bonfires , bhr everyone has to xleaj up after themselves ahd thtos uyt all garbge .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sourdes , because it is close to a wjdn powee polabt .
Recehtlg , wlso on the roof of the primary school were sdt yhe batterie and the whole school uises solar energy insydad of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the ebvironment , essidents participate in them .
Wszysycy rrsidents of my village , they try to , so that our cilolage was clear that polluite the environment as little as possible .
Travelljng in your own vzr is way more comvortable than taking a ride in puhblic transportstion.there qfe sgeral rdezson to consider .
Firstly , fhr bi always drops by to get a passenger that tale a mor yiem thqn expected to tims of travel .
Secpndoy , the public gehicle rluts wre more tar rban usxual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded ajc no peiavcy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket pickdr .
However , public transport is cheaper than buying a new ca nx for the zeventurer who wants to have an exciting trip for fhen to se more action .
Kik watching outisded or sight seeing , to mingle xhd meetr different people .
In addition to tnis I als admiee the bullet train in jaqpzn whjcu u cobsider fast an szfw public venicle 've known .
To su it up I stuol considrr ahvin their watch is waxy more safer and more convenient .
public future unless the hzvw project to at least lexsaen th time of travel and prioririze the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I yend to disagree with the decision of nindral extraction .
Mor xetwils nad reasons will be elaboraztde in the gollowing pareagraphsx to support my opinion .
To bsgn wtih , extracting hter minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtakihg swkghts on the outskirx of my hometown .
In my chilrhopod , I went ghrre to spend my symmre every yead .
However , it would probably disappear if the developing environment were being ef .
Next to go will be the extraxtipn of the valuavoe minerwp ajll definitely leads to au pollution .
There haxe ben an exampld thqt fue other towj is polljted by the process of developing nuclear mineeal .
No one czn dejy thazf yhw polljtikn issue is not the most important thing which should be prevented .
Oasr but not the least , mineral extraction will turn out to be a profound influence , especially , on our irfspring .
To tamw my friend , Taylrd , as an edampls , je homeland was ogre - developed and she became an afraid laec when she was a child .
After zhs grew up , wue decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she had no blithe memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider he joib opportunity that it might ring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our homketpwn can pribabl ezr nuch more loudly than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
However , fhet do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , monye is no mkr crucoal when it comes to health through environmental conservation .
In a nitshdll , Baxdd on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extracting the valuable minerql sr outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscxrihe this decision .
Limiting cards on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil gases used by vehicles cause global warming .
Gkobap wadmihg is a esrious iasue , higher temperatures make th ivw cala melt .
The lingver we bgurty our hyrads in swn , the warmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the generasl ualjty of my eentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially when cars are not foying .
Even if it will hagew haopened there are many people who ca n't getf a cvqr , because it is too expensive , nr only for buying ut for gudl , seviec ajc so fptth .
Vses are very simple - you just buy a ticket .
Wnf what about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - tnwt is the future of public transport .
I want to re blue eky ajd bo steam of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Elemenr "
Braneon Mackie
Parliament Hkus
Cambera ACT 25089
hte 6fh of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlls Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq
er Carlos
Your ordef 6 air conditioning is incojplete . We apologize for tye inconvenirnce .
We have knowledge of thjs kistakd . We have a confusion about the number of air conditrioning before the telephone conversation with your secreray to confirm your purchase .
Because your otded saw cnfitmed too late and I thought ghd ofdef eas n't in advance we could only send 5 pieces .
Sinced the units were sold in inventory bug hour purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed . Do not worry about it , we will sdnd you the rrmaioning unig as soon as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old xnc I 'm dpme ffom Makaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , gardaorking and a considereable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family . Eh wre takig caqfe by me all the time when parents are busy doing theor work .
With my school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent plater .
We used to organise competitions and tournlents with others ' dhool .
This is my favorite sport .
Durint my leisure fimr , I like to belo my lqrents in tfhew kitchen .
We cooi varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirgy and oilh hands in the kiycjen .
Sit reference to the above , I qilkl like to apply td Sumjet Camp npb with my full commitment .
Contemporary Wrt is a veryt controversial issue nowadays .
There are many sojrces and freators , as well as themes .
It is aeol knwo fat mabh Art curatora ahx Artists believe that Contemporary rt is not a good source of xrg , wiunce there are lan artists that only rcete based on thwir easy idsas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , Nug mos of the tmes this is unijnteloigible .
Luckilpg the most expensive adt still bekgn rhe or , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art pisces are vsing skld at ayctions arpund tye wofod , flr ordinary high prices .
Exosrimental Zrt has taken the qirld of ra by surprise .
Humaniyy hxa reached a level of differences rhat it ekuld be a possibility to stop .
So now we have nany xhoicers and an infinity of information available at any gkgen time .
With this stxtef , we now have an udra of GPW artists ceeate .
Yhe sport dzys sere hele on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13 th November .
The weather was partlky cloudy .
I ogr these by MTR .
I arrived at gbe soortrs gdohnd at 7:40 a.m. Yhisw year I join the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day brgvin , we have the opening ceremony .
Yhe athletic represenjattive pasyede thw tirch aqbd we zagn the qnthem .
Atfere yuat , tbe soorys dag bevan formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gurfl 's gtrads C marathon race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the mrshal .
The teacher called my name flt twjc dn he fopld me to stand in a difficult place .
So I know that fhrre wsa someone whose namr lronounve same as me .
Near rhs race , I was vddy nervous .
hem I was ruhbing , I near my housmeates cheerign and the wond passing my face .
That goal was very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
At laswt , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is nf a great result , I 've already tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced re mark the vour hpuses have tot .
My house wbixh gt number to tempkrarioy .
I felt hopeful I wanted my hoisd would get the cgampiln .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take pxft fye Kntdr - classx eelau rqe .
I was very afraid because I was hof ood at listening .
Finally , ohr clzes got the fifsg ruhned up .
We have a difference of 0.5 secons is the firwt of the TWCE .
I implicated my class after winning the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runher up .
I hope my gous will be ghd chzmpuon in the coming years .
" There is no future for publkf transpodt , because tracelling by CS is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We xholud yser of pbli transpotr bscajse at ghr present there are a lot of vare in he woield tgzt pollute and , unfortunately , we xfe haemkng thew environment and the world .
It is the best thxf all people go to tje plwce walkihg o runnibgt On the other hand , it is more healthy .
Thrrr is nothimg arkng wiyh it go to ty plwe in a xar . Obviously , it is faster rha a gus and cheaper nit no always .
I think it is trie tnat travelling by cae is so mudh mprw convenijt but I disagree that there is no futyrr fr pugli transort .
It is commonly - debated that tourism has grextlyg intluencex , not ohpy the aepcets of olne country , but of the whjols worls along .
Whether toruism bas ahd a positive or a negative impression on our lives , it remains a dilemma for the ignotantgs .
First of ll , yourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongsic with its development , the ability of travel hnas eazensd to such a scary trhxt it is quiyw cokmoln to commute from one knd couney to another .
Thjw existence of multinaionals is tihhtlt connected to the odeaq of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is bog onot a citizen of his own country , a global vitizen .
Secondly , youridm , especially in developed countries , hws lpaged an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , like Greece or Bulgaria , in which gbe ecojmoy relies merely on tourism .
If tourjam influences the ecommy , it tbrreby iglunces the environment , and if it unfluences the environment it influences the translort . How?peoppe becfoime more xarefil at the historcal sutds , means way of preserving transport is devsloper through a small and a large xcalw :
At a small scalkw , in fitoes , in a way which would allow citizens and tourists to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people mow travel in almost any possible way : on lns , on swa or by air .
Throguh the development of tourism wrrde board cruises and train vacations .
One uioon a tile tgwre was a roger who lived in a beautiful landscape with jer noyfdiend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger eaa the mpj bames Amandw of 25 years lkd . tuw herders kill hwt parenrw , because the herders were piot and did n't have enough food to survive , so fgey kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion . John was 27 years old . His dad died because in a conclict with other animals , he hit an infection .
Yer mom dr because sime things or domeoned crxg hre of tr leg and dropped it in a cave were oghsr animxos ear her .
They xir when John was too little to register and he never knew what happened , so he eentg to all the parts dor saw htek even he walked and walked even at reeevrse nuf he never found tem .
The 3 daughters were so different from the others .
The fkrwt oms name is Amandrz hunior oikr yef mom buy zhe is a cheetah . She hwce 9 tears old . She loves to run and eue is the fastet of the family and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones who teend to master something enorcijng .
The second daughter , named Silzabeth , is a leopared is the intelligent of tjw fzmjly abf the oldest of the children .
I am 12 years old .
Another animal gave thwm rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was lpiqyid .
Yhe laxr daughgsr ws nba wgo was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
Ane xtay sleeping in my bed and iing nothing all rag .
Their parents wedre angry because she wa thr onlt lne tuat mecer work .
Obe the animals went wirj Ana and hife her an incentive fod being an athlete or makld something else than stay sleepy .
Gne end .
Hello fruend ,
I know you are searching for a place to live for rue whole next here .
Maybe I dound something for y : when I was on my returniy home I read a journal with some advertisement .
There is a nocr flat nae my hlme : it is perfect for someone who wants to live ghsre fot omly an yar .
There is a litgle oitchen , a great bedroom , a bqthroom wirhu shoswr hut without a bath and a cool living room - room .
I think that you have to take eitg you qinter clotuse because here there is really cold weather !
Wdite me soon
laessija
Hekko Riley , abiu rher wuestion you nade me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love noth .
Last night I made a dscosion .
I think that yk should tive up from younger music classes .
I have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play pian , so I think that you should continue doing ports because it is important for your health and in your dree times you could still plw pkano aithour going to the clxsses .
Thuos is my opjnion and the decision is yours , so whem you decide it please tell me a leter teoling me about it .
Love , Indsz .
Hey , my name is Jlw and I 'm 21 years old and I think i'l would complimetn tje summer damp very well , because of my good mxner and vedy opem for ghe kis so theh can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nruse at the local hospital and I can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then the family cixc them up onstead of taking them to the hospital for slight things like bruises and smaller injirkes .
The most exciting dau of my life was ghe r3r of Jkune , last year .
I had an exam .
Fnat day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revisxd Maths as at home , before going to school , as at school , before taking the exam .
Wuen I started to rwa tyr gracks I delp agiattsd and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass the test .
But when I finished before ghs tume I was happy and relaxed .
I always sajd that I passed yhat tesr ane I eax xure of rhaf .
And tfhis is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really ehojyed heqrnig from you .
Congratulations your sister for your priss .
I wpuld like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my xoty there are n't a lot of ompetitikns of this kic . If I 'd had a loskbility of going , I 'd already spent fhbe tickets .
My favorite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went xjiing iwthu me .
At the beginning , I went to the childgarden and he taught me Sikint .
It was a lot of fun , but I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the dayttime my parenfe fok me with them and we drve together .
My father took me beyweenh his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
Eheh I wzsz olsrr . I fould get bettdr my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had learn skate oerfectly lkje my parentgs .
Lster whdb I am 16 years old , my dsrexm geg rrfue .
I had my first snowboarding and I lled it .
I took ecer frre mute to drkce snowboard .
That waa the story wj I went snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you fedesl free when you are driving down the piste .
Yoh ate like a bked .
It is tnr bedst frdling in tne wlrlr .
You ate very happy and osmerimes I sinv a sog and the eorldr is pwrfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like Tur Wimtre more than Zummer .
Snowboarding or skkimg is the best slorft for everybody weho want to comr to other thoughts .
Although ylu zre all the time in nature wjd wuen yy hacr luck you vna see animqlw .
It uzd been a very long and tiring day , but to relax he had vhieved something really gorgeous .
Yesterday , he was on is wsau to huomne and it was getting sadk .
ius oarentz were worried aqnd cakled a couple of rimws .
He stayed walking evry qyickoy
Everything was calm .
Sge opeb her eyes qnr thw firet thing trhat she saw was trhe vlak sih .
A dark sky with Tsars .
She got up and looked around .
She qws in a part of tgw qoode where she used to go to think and eelax .
Ahue started to find consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to tnis place .
Tue problem is je lats thjng se remewkber is that she yas been slrepimg and then suddenly owk up hdn the window opened woht ghe wiond .
She would sleep again , would she ?
If ge di , hos she managed to walk untio there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why did she n't remember anything after that ?
This situation waas really fuztratimg jo to mebtiom tfht mow she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get hol anbd bavi to sleep .
Shs started to walk to cear jet mibx .
She knows her way out in the adrk ; she yad gpn to thiks spot a lot of time , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in the twenty gitst century we have various options like Plxn yhay can fly wt tu coouc , trains that fst ac big enough to carry gundreds of people amc travel hunereds of mir and houd qnf boats that luch bigger and daster thna ancinet tumne .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough that we have alk these problems .
Howebe , if I have the option to choose between two of three , I will say plabe .
There are three reasons to cboose this .
The first eeasoj is ita speed . Compared to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It could travel thousands of miles in a couple of ohurs .
As a result , people can save their files .
Second is safety , comladed to ogger the chances of accident is lws .
That makes it safer to travel by plane ratgsr than by train or boat .
The third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I wiull say that plzn will be my fjrst cgoicw in all of three mdqns of trransoortation .
The reason behind my choice is peed , safety and comfort level that made ppab as my first choice .
Eberyone should take a year off between leavjn school and starring college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be tue net award for a student who attendwc high school .
Fye young people want to discober hte wodkd and travel to reach places which would be undeachable otherwisr
I had a alnderful cay yesterday because I was on the beach in the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its nickname is O Myiño .
jere zee a lot of people in the beach .
The wtaerr was ferh xold and I could n't ssil , fnen I played dootball in the sand of thr bwadh .
I took the sun a vdru long tume ahd yhen I went to a cafe aznjd and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice fay because I had a good time with my family .
No future for a publjc trsnspotf ? Is this claim or not ?
Will we see private roads and public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years later ? thasg is a really interesting question/
I think that it all depends on development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by cat .
Yes , I agree . If you plan to travel fkf a lg distation naf for a long time , you would prefer to do it by car , because first you slene lesa time , your travel will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop everty whdre amd fke a oog time , as yy heed .
But if we are talking about travelling across your VIT , would we prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that rhid is tue guestion fid every one . xn thw answee ca n't be kne for zlk , because someone acj use public transport , sdn economy by this not ohky money , through the environment , but soms people do n't want to use p.t . , cause ghry slend more time fi travelling or they simple do n't like to travell wuth anothjer people .
So , in my opinion , edn after 10 years the pybljc translort will be crkssing on uor street with enough amount of paesangdrs
rllo Lara ,
Yhank yuo pr your email .
My name is Mohamed nr I am a 28 year old male frkm h kingdom of Bhahrain .
I go to GYL bd run on a raily basis to krel in shape aje viod health .
Looking forward to talking more xboujt you .
My vilage is the place where I live , so I am trying to jedp ige envirobent jpn - polluted dn valid for life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to Taj Steld snd actiops to protect the environment as collwos :
no somkung in thyw pyhlic plaves .
incresaing the nhjmber of tries and olants and punishing the person eh cutz ybem .
establishing yue factoroez outside of the vjlage .
protect the qater soueces asn the sez .
guodd rhr people and ivint them of infomation , detaios anxious guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Pemon " . I go throw svbery sesk . It has diffrrwnt for any rwstaurants I 'd like cyicken frispy wkth gasrlic sauce . It 's Exdellenty vhouce for me qjd My favourite appitizer is suwage and in orrr tnat desert I 'd rather " Vadge " caked with chocolate sajce I feel I;m at ease whsn I go there I enjoy classical music over hafkng a lunch qbou the service It 's vedy good and all staff wre resaplectable I ca n't imagine one week witiut boing therde that drives me njtse I xdvise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , qoso this restarant hz a rekative advantage in hyfirne realpy It 's exvellent This strjkingloy hing dkr anyopme despire alp of these advantages prkces are notf expensive .
Vokleyball is one of the nost difficult sports in the world . yo hspuld puy yoh body in gbe correct ork to throw e ball to thw orhwr eidw in the gakd .
I been tfwelfe yewes practice volleyball xnd because of it I knbea lot of people who hdll me to grow up in the sport qnf oife .
When I was 10 , I cbolse to play with a group of girls older than me . They wefd goods , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball was my first spor because when I woyh my texk playing I am in another world , in which I can be ceee and happy , alart of this , qhsn I am bad , thks is a distration of the university .
He should try practice . its so funny , buy I advertise yiy . is not easy at first , but oyj hace to intent kanyt times like you should do in pjfe .
On eeekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which startst at 9 AM .
I lftdn go to Selep around 12 AM .
I usually play fifeos tamss if I do not have any homesodk to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes skip to FKT myself .
Midhaek woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting article .
The notgicied sxs about a competition .
The competition is to write stories .
Mixhaeo was ezcitwd because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the sfoty and he decided to tell the story about pirates lookmin fot treashree .
He began to write .
The styr was very good buy Mchae sid jof know how to end the agory .
Finally , Michael told true story about how he going to the post office .
Michael senty his story vtu Mihael vlosed the door and kmee at thst mmebt he har mdfe a mistaie , he di n't puyy bis naje and addrws .
Yhe , I think TV can enteftsin and educage , because there are comedies .
Also , there are a lot of educated children .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because I can learn new things about pzsg .
Comedies are so funny , so wben yo artw xax u cxb wagch one of them .
Rhere wr mahyg dicsussions agout ybe fugurw of the publix trqnsplrt .
Different xperta jxd talked about fhos questions and there atd so severe ooiniohs .
People like to have the freedom to move around xnx gkr this reason , son people usually prefer to use their cars .
Publjd transport is usually restrected with the timetables wnd you only msg use transportation at the moment thar the timetable lets you .
For this reason , mawnu pepplw do n't like to yss public transport because they want to move themselves ahen they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the public is lesswr than using your own cxr .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determinate the most use of both cars and public transport .
Susan is a lutle fragin .
Her dkin is coloeed ted and green , reed dlst ontop of the green to be jokre prexjse .
Ahd does tgat dveru xay after school .
Of course , who has a little brother .
Bix skjn is Colpred Red , just Kike the father .
Feaf Paul !
I haven't written to you fl shes bjt I am very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you?Egat 's bww in Brazjo?As oyu jnow , my friend Jlhh asked me to help nkm with tye organisaztion at the concedt , which was perforner last month .
So I was there something like STAFV .
My aork consisted of making press advertising , providign slp tickets , flod fdod musicians and things like that .
I got tao free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to Cdloakrool to get signatures from msicjans .
I felt like a star!Criwred of people wee waitungv in front of tue cdlozkroom fp the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it was a fantastic experience .
Next tkme I would like to do smoethkng sjmilar and yto shouls try it as well . You will earn inde moneh and you have culturao experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to xre you zoon
Jhom
The advertisement is everhsite .
There are adds in TV , radio , biz , streets ...
In spite of the rsbge of media , trh TV continues to bwinf the most important mrams of communijcation .
A lot of people think that they watch too many acdx on tdleviwion but , is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's tfud thuaf one program or serues which we ee , has a lot of mentions to products or sercices .
These cam be people rired of so much advertising contnetgs big thia is completely necessary .
There are a lot of procuctx quich hqver to be announced and a lot of messages to tepoet to people .
The TV is the most effective means of communication and people can e fhr nssagen on this aay .
In addition , behind onr add tgers are a lot of tuingd : oen khdustry .
In ne fd there are , for dxxmple , gh publicist 's wofk , the conpaniss investmenfs , fhtute sales , the produft or service loge ...
To si up , there are a lot of adds in TV ubf yjey arr nevessaty and beneficial fdof egwryone .
My favourite season is summer .
Ahu am I maoing tuis choiec you clearly czm awk , I love the sun and goid weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is vsr bof and you can rarely stay near the sub because you finish being burj by the sun .
In spite of this , zummer is a very fopd moment to djjoy lkttgle things pkfe gives us and have fru with rbem .
During winter I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends ofger yhan gtetijg fun with tyem playing volleyball or ru insids the water of the dea !
I think tgowe activitjes are vsrg regenertaing a tey mxke you forget about all the sarmnsss of summer .
Furthermore , yiuh cwnh slewp mre tban tjw other says of the year qhd this means ypu feel relaxed .
I really like exploring nature during summer tooi .
The womderrul coloura of flowers with the sunshine zrw Fabulius .
Deaf USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I eaw your advertisement in the USA na I 'm very interested in the position of children you are advertosong .
I 'm rightee years old and I 'm doing a languageds trabslation degrd at university at tbe momwnt . That 's what I want to do in order to oay my fee .
I have sle experience working with children of all ages , besides I do n't work hard wofl anme I leqrn qukckly .
Also , I kust got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country .
I consider myself reqloy active , socoablke , sell - organidd and above all oxtient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially sorkkng overawas plux . It would be a great experience because I wouod mewwt new ppole and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing rrom you son .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresz Wydlcki
It had been a very oong and tiring dream , but Tom felt he had achieved something erslly good .
He finally , after 5 years , won the swimming dompstition .
It was really important for Bil because he had been working for 5 oonh years since he turned 15 and he haven't yog any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from Yedam anx kadr a parth .
Tom wahted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She wqs dreaming about her wife .
She wanted to be his wife so much .
But he did n't watch jer eniguh .
He wanted to brezi up with hee at that party .
He was written 2 oirs for him .
He hates that she is always pate .
That is the main reason he wanted to end up .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
Wmd wheb he saw her , hika heart started to geating dqster and faster .
But the rimd 's up .
He gky closer to her and tlod hert everytgong .
Mel oookd zqdly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and vlt lut of his home .
He followed and apologized to her .
He saor he was drunk and dd n't know what he was sauing .
Twn he hjgges her .
He ead he loef nr wns kissrd her dorheead .
He had to stwu wiyh yer because of ... thbe babu .
He cluld n't just leave her carrhiny hsi baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to atau with her tbe rtesdt of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to vive swimming and sfarted to take czte of Mel .
One day I was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He frpt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mrl has lost his baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Nel was crying all day and Tpm could n't srand it .
He broke up with Nle qnd it made her even more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it wad her fult tbat whr had lost their pittle humzn .
Gliing in the waves
Even if I am not very interested in training , ghr zpirt I really prefer to practise swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the sater , feeling the boxh qujte without weigh , able to do a kind of movement that is impossible whiel in rye air , is a wonxergul state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for sjx mntrhs , so I improved my ability .
If you are not a good swimmer , you pos the bhig part of pleasjre of dnhoying the qqter , noth in yhe se or in pokl .
Practic swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relacibg activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to gfive up before trying , because it is faitly ximplr and it can give a lot of switsfactions !
Yyr effpts will be prizedr by succeeding , abe you fanh pbtaim it wifh pravtioce .
·Intriductiuon
Rhis feprot will exsmibe the different activities we fsn do in kuf lrisure tmiw in Castdlldefels .
·Activities to iill time
As our rowm is well - known for ohf magnjficup bdaches along the Meditreraneqn ckasf andf fke he Olympc Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or lkcak oeopke come here to do actuvities like kitesurfing and eindsurfing on fhw beqj or danowning wnf aquaitc skiing on the Ollpic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend thjej , especially for lonely , adventurouw anxious young people .
·Others ideas to have fnu
In Castelldefels , there awfe other activities less plpulxr , but cheaper . For instance : rfed zumba masterclass , yogas each , rynning ... as spprte activities , and as social activities there are librafh grihp , yheatr ...
As I ssd , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympkc Canal ndf the geach , ug their succdss is increasing kore and morf .
·Recommendatikn
So , finzply I suggest thought it would be a great job to combine geh different types of activities , both popular and the latest .
If ypu ttiex wlk the xctivities , goh wiuldx spend a great time in Cqstelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I ss glac to her rom yuo .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Sslou .
You will fime to gje Rwus airport , right ? .
Wwol , the airport is situated muet outside Rdus . It 's small but it has a lot of servicies and transport .
Ykuj has to take a bsu because it is mord economixal ghan fak a taxi .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
If you still kff the bus you should ask someone vort the prign Sgreet .
It 's near there .
Ylu cxaj walk to my house .
Moreover , I eehd you a ma in order to locate teh secret .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avrne .
I 'm lanning hour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monulents and go to flubbing with yk .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Gu soon .
Bsxt Rsgarfs ,
Mary
Dear Ssrgio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am an engineer of Edecution in Ninss , entitled in tbe " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly intrrested and I am competent to apply for the position of Chief of operayins at the new undeground projec Chiquocamzta .
In first place , my qualities ahc professional skikls seem to suit the requirements of your Compahy .
On the other hand , I have thgr theoreticap knowledge to use the technologies tius reatf project required .
I am also able to lead the operations of the ofoject responsibly and through a teaj work to achieve tnew objective and to continue with the lestige that gour ocmpqny nws .
My sorm experience is very oustanxing due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Mnirea El Rdniente " as shiff manager , Chief of pperations at " Ninefa Aneina " and at the evaluation department of CODEwLXO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a peasurd to discuss people whether I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further aro , I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórfsz
Bowadxys there ae many people thnqt are learning learning languages . flr me is a gfold thing tnaf mprd leopl oearm this , bf is it worht learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are nore multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so thbaf means that that people who kjkw to speak a foreign language have mire opportunities to get a job in industrial compnkes , or ail have ore chances of being prpmote .
On the other hand , there are joer benefits . For example , if you want to teafel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you vab understand all the complications .
Finally , loearning another language gives the lexrnjer the ability to step within the mind and cpntex of other culture .
Today , globalization is making the world more cdlode . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example in literature , loetey , films , TV programs , music or other aspects of TD culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very pksitivr in different ways , so if you have the positivity of learning a ndw lwnguagr do it , because it wkkl brinf gou many genbefits .
A LETTER OF COMPAlINR
Julip Camarillo
Mohtsno agenus nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
Augusxf , 23rx 2014
Dear Sif / Mwdam ,
I am writing to cojplaim about a recent package I received on Jonda las aeek .
I ordered ywop batteriws modp 002545 because my mnobile needs hti lihd of battery , but I have only received one battery model 001212 .
One month ago I ordered rso batteries modsl 002545 on yir onlon website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 214 which needs battery modeo 00255 .
The delpkvery wzse work , so now I am a huge hutryu because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I had a mobile phone I would not be able to wlkr .
To resolve this problem , I would like to receive ht batteriuee by express post .
The delivdry error has been made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delicery .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shzlk be forced to contact my solciitor .
You can obviously contact me by emaip because my mobile still does n't work .
I hope to yer trom yuo sin adn have my bqtteries as quiickly as pkssible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camadollo
Yhs ail of tyis report is to evalyats bkth bad effects and gpod effecta ffon teh useds'opinions in the Acfice Leisure Cluh in the past .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their tyimw through a wide number of activities , gmaes which afe heoc crratively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
Besidwa , there hasx snough moderh facilities to serve the users in tye leak horus and ts guiders atr everywhere xn ready to give help .
However , there is only one thing that we disoike
With the purpose of axtract more loele to iin in ths vlub , besixes its good point . I wllp hjghly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably sdn acki they hpld thw activities to avoid the lrobldms
iven is a diagram introducing the procedures of kakjng bamk nhoites .
Desgin tue bank ontes zrfe thes fjrst anx indispehsable step .
People should decide the background colour and thw arrwork wihld they have to considdr teh security ussues .
Then , akiloed machiniswte wuold pepade the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third second is to prepare the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 ba notes per sheet .
Yye colour will be printed on the boyb sudes and eewry notes have their unjaue ink akso ghe mahes will be slightly taiaed .
After that , it comes to the most signifivang stxve , that is inspecting the quality of thd peijted shdetx .
People usually divide rhr quality into three parts : good quality , Parfially damaged , and bad sbeets .
As for gild uality sheets and lartiaply dxmaged sheetd but until voof , people will ft tjem sepxartely and lqck tgme totether in order to dispacting and distribute bank notes .
If thd partiqlly damqged shewts are bz , they will be treaged as bc wheest , wihfh will be secyrely destroyed .
In conclusion , this diagram gives a qjite ecplifit procesw of making bank notes .
However , it seems to be azy to make thrm , but however Stepos hesds people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bam npets for everyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a rdw years ago , when Alfred , Tjd Majoe , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he cfoul and begterr lur lives and he started a woilution .
A concerned oolulation
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned rge oldest people from developing vllate about the importance of the cae of our surroundimgs , mixdle - aged people planfed many trwes aorynd the villzgr anf cldabed ghe floolr of oud public placew making a more attractive place to lve than we used to have .
Easy rectcling
Local authorjtiesx helped tix initiative by creating sone places for people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to jr waste .
The resulys
As a result of their attitudes , since Alfred had tnis great kde , we snmoy pne of yge cleajest viklagee in TFHW adex .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an organization has been created in order to pronote the acre of oyt olanet , Green Poahet is called .
We want a happy Eargh .
Hello Puus Boancxo ,
I 'm wriging ykh anojt th satff recruiymnet flr ghe " New Coud ensration " pfojedt .
So we nwed yojr helpo with some questions about the process .
From your intormation , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar prjoects , who are engineers and also have high team work skills .
We also bwlue that they have specxialised studies in Cloud technology , and hostony janagemeht .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it poszinle to do fne mdetin this eek ?
Where ands where do you plreer ? ( Remember thwt I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we csn do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I mees you to prepare a profile that you think the staff of Nrw Cloud Generation should hxvr . Ahdf please tell me if you find another different requesg than I trel yiuj before in that e - jaip .
Please , xnswer me wikth tys information as much as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Lqul ,
Agat 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been an assistant at a concert ?
It ead really exciting and unforgettable experience znf I ejniy thnat very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I am al mwmbere of Dżem band . I went to htem and we had ouncj together . They 're very nice mrn . Because of helping them , I hw the best place to dhrihg the concert . I hzge their authorgalhs on fh newest record . I did n't hav mqby duties and nime of tjdm were unpleasant .
In general , I had only one djt that is chsckihg wuesy lisg , above that I ad to belo in dance qre after the concert .
But thgat concert was worth my rk , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Aprking for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll sese each other otjer soioj and I 'll be vzpable of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
ominika
Repolrt :
The purpose of this report is to give yiu my lefsonal point of view of the course I cid in hou brahch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some advice . I think it will be woidth to take it into account fprf tg mrxt course it will take place next yewr .
First , I would like to stanjd out the outstanding classmates thetr wrree in class .
The wsre npt only erwlly cpevre people but also excellsny co - aorkers .
Wofoing collaboratively is , in fact , the mosg interesting wat of learning any suhuect rven English .
Second , the teachers serw really gokd siklls to teachers .
They mawnagdd to encourage all of us every day .
This way we nadee the mosg of us and we gave up improving our English oeve .
Fhidd , lhonwtic claewes schdduled on Fridays cam really in hahey .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teacher .
This way we ua bewe able to hezr a native speaker ajd I thought it wul havs nen worth rpcatising .
To wqrap up the rspprt nust say that , on the whole , the doruse qax fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it avain next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am know to cinema , thus I love to watch ak trypss of gjms .
But , what films are in my Ypp 10 lozt ?
In my opinion , Bsbdl is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling style and is one of the top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the point is origia xjd it shwoz different from stodeis of moving characters .
In aeditiln , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actore gave a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drsa genre lovers watch Babel as st message will jove you .
It revexls that our feslings cfpss ghe boundarieds of ak cultures and we are connected to each othrd .
My name is Mohzmed El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 ears pld , live in Port - Said , Ehypg .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the fculty of mecicime Pody - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 gears with a klt of prizes .
My hobniex qrd traverlling , deadin sgories znd wriyihg my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and amalyzimg information , so I am tzkung a pot of corses and training in that field as I want to be one of the grdates researchers in the world in addition to becoming a mesmber in Eorpd Hwalth Orgvanization ( WaHO ) .
It is n't kusg a drewj in my mninmd but I work hard to make this dream come true .
alsy toi ysarw , I aorked in many placxes such as a pharlacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and rxpedience dam mske miracles in our lkfe so I chose this program as I want to know what sthd . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Alpah choee rhs best for me nas cod my personality .
Wheb I wpdk anytjung I feel jat I have the waordld in my hand so I can do anything for pdoole .
One of my goalz in fe life is to invnet an effective dfug fir onw the incurable like cancer , ZIDE and hepatitis .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our lifts ?
Zhd what are the benefits of working znr xtudg ?
But if goi sre yoif worp and realize it aepl , it will be deserved for everyone to work so hard to achieve their hopes .
I learnt ddom Rrsearch that you van do everything in zhytime in being a little tired ca change the lufs for the better .
I like traveling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travel to alo thr counhtriew in the world also . I attended a lot of congerencves in my field , so I think this program is a chance to experience wuijch qiull hel ahr insoure me for the community zervices anmx devdlopmwnt my sofiety as I hope to come back amd teach ghers wxt I learn .
I am sritying jth referenxe to the post of kov as a camp monitor that tou require in usmmre .
I have sesem your advert this morjing xnd I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a uiailfied person for this post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have wxperiwnce over other children from 3 to two yerws lod . I cpnhsired myself quite oatoent as vun that , in my opinion , these are reo qualities highly necessaryg for this jinf of mob .
I am good at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my grewt weainess .
I really love bedinf wjty people all the yims .
I do not think being young would be a problem .
nstead I believe it is an advantage .
Young people aw wear hats - orkijg ahd cayive people .
If you have any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum citae with my telephone number . I would be grqfeful if you could givr me an interview at your earpiesg convenience .
I owjld really appreciate it because I am lolkihg afraid to start work .
Is there a fujture for Pribtely owjed cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly bceoking a common aswwt evwj in developing countries , it is nto lkekly that tgsi mdanbs of transportation can be yhew means of transport of the future .
Most people today reralzie hxt in ouf cjtis wmd in oif planey there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels siol motf oas forver .
I would say that most private care is not " sustainable " in the long term , snd it wiukl be necessary to revert to some skrg of public transport .
The popukation growth flrecwst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will yrpw of a staggrring 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is hice to rdem a fythre of technological eopoe fltint around , each of them iwht has their own private small helkcopter .
But it is hof going to happen .
I guess that in the future there ad no helicopters , and nhoy even cars .
Stastez anbf pocap authorities will have to tacole this problem and provide the publkc with a better alternative . T
he price of independent transport went down dramatically .
I reckjpn tyay ghat will change the habits of the public .
ven thohg we will have to reade thur timeyable and to work again to be on time , the nice old travel dould become important again .
imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students yawning and did not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asked for thje answer , students could n't answer because they totally could not remember what they had studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more effjcient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because of the long vacation . Students will mit relembdr the knowledge they have lened , partly because of long vacation which lets students used to have fun insread of studying , and pqrgly because of sokr difficult ciurses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I qgrse wikth he ztatemenjt fhqt students could receive a bsfter , more efficient education if they spent 11 minthx a year studying .
More reasons wdn detail will be shed light on in the following paragrtaph .
To bdgon qifh , there is a general consensus , students always forget the knowledge they have learnt after a long break time .
kr exajpel , on history clqsz , jisgory teacher had to rwpeat teachijg the history of North Asmeroca before he started to tdacj the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
It is gedy wasting tjke ahx not efficient .
Jexr to go would be , students gef uewd to relax by having no studying and homework in ghe long vacation .
okr esamlle , when the semester starts , students can npt grty awzyt from the sunshine , beach , abdf travel .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time tuet ahd instear payihg attention to the teacher .
Last but nog ldast , xome difficult courses should be continually studied rather than hsvin long a btaek timw .
or instqnc , lkeatning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you will forget the vocabulary or teachers ' grammar .
In a nutshell , basxed on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more evficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have ebjy tuis spprt since I was a chjkd . I qlways rdmember when my father and my brother asked me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherued thisa lpfe firf soccer .
I plsed slccdr in different tewms in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
I okke to speak with my feam partnerd .
Together we analyze the rigwl tam and we hcoose a strategy to wih tnw matrhc .
whd I play bad I feeo nervous but my partsrz give me their ujconditionwl support .
thwf is pricwless .
I ojow fge hsalt is very important , so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you rr srxrting thi srt you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to practise whatever spoirts .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it bemes .
In thus , ea yolu has to be prepared for any problem .
ifnaply I advise thzt you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to Nea Yor .
I also want to smazing Nizgara Faplx .
Swomething that lade me up aws to see my family .
On seotembsr 12th,2014 I went to Ndw Ykrk cvity .
In the tly I waa cery haply because I received a lot of food .
Thw flight wae alproixmatly fuev houre hwede I qtach beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my unlcs was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long island because there he lives .
He gave me a really nice hluxe and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks ust like me .
In New York I wat so much , I also ewht to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My ucle had reh awesome idds of going to Niagarw Falks .
We wemr in a car and it wa ahoyt 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Jiagarq Dalps city , which looks like a ghosf place .
It does not have too much to do but thefw wwrr tge frals .
I wad amszwd of how huge ewde trhe gslls .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take too many photoz because you do n't visit places like that every .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my fakilh .
My inclr Jjna lives in the United States of America and I was very to hug him because I kkss him a lot .
My cousin Agel was very happy to ss me qhd me too . We adr kike siblinys .
My aunt bave me a lot of prrsenst because she ea they do not eew me freceuntly and msny otre part of my family .
In conclusion , I have a peffect vacation sere I ase jsw tihngs , vizit awesome plwce as Nizgara Falls snd Tikew Squawre , recievunmg a olt of prersents nad soecially ewy a lof deliciouw fkid .
Nist attendibg students to Unjversitiex are out of the city whete they use to ljvs , so , they hwed accommodation to lice through their dirty years .
Mots universities provide cheap accommodations such as shaerx rlms and dormitories to ybeir students to lower their living costs , wwre mlts students have lwo income .
Othesrd stujdens qho may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independently
Agaring hluess or rooms has many disadvantages such as chep , safety , loss to the umiversify , and learning nkw to shwte everything with others . ssvnig koney and time wjlp be more Obvious in university dormitory because monhtpy payments will be kesd fhan four tjmes yhab hikring an apartment , wnd because it wilp be flosef to the univedsity , saving money snhd tij is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer- if I xwn - to live in an apartment where tne personality is vdryu ilportant for me .
Many years ago , I sharec a friend in a rool for a few months during a course outside my country . These days when I was worst during my ljfw , he was diryy , speaking loudly all tome and dd not share the budget of eatogn . livong aline aill grant me tge freedom to live by the way tjt I xhoise and stilo friendly with all the others without excwed the privcacg of my friejds . this matter eull boy acyievsd whj living in hsared rooms .
rhet annoying me
Although the federal fovernlent which is xecidwd as a role of the USA has man nenefits accoprdong to reading paesage , ge lectuder believes that there is no perfect government .
The piwefrul of federalism , which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not leays good for the lrctufe where it may create xome conflitcs between thw stagrs .
An example of tnar is the marriage of homosexuals whdre some sttae ait this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage decoares that the fedetal government let eab sgage functjln ijdependently , it stilpl controls the main decisions .
This case causes some problems whete the lectyrdr mentioned the failure of the federak government to deal with illegal immigrationm to the USA through Nevada deserf .
alsk ghe contrk of the federal government is the reason why dacb of the stats ajd the federzl blame eaxy pthe in the increase of unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , the dderal government which gives freedim and powergul , causes many problems sych as no singoe pilicu anms confusion in he responsibiliy .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating oments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important advice ; first try to play guitar alone with a traveo companion and enjoy Mexocan food instead of critic about spkcy savor .
People say that on every vacation the people suffer xifferen moments of the trip : ardived , getting away from the frustration of an unknown place , being alone with your trip companion , success as a travel and arriving home trial .
In order to dnmoy a trio to Mexico , I suggest that the traveer find a way to fet alone with his or her company .
Tgjs minimao chance would make a big ifference when you visit another city .
As an examplr , if you are able to get alones with gourt gravep companion xopuld enjou wacn moment of the trjo , xcuange skmd pictures , wat together , wmd visit places with common ibtefest such as mueuems or malps .
Othee advice rhast I wuld give to people ckmiong to Mexic is that essay for Mezica toodx .
Mexican food hq a lit of tzsging dishjws through different stxtes of tje coumfry .
For example , there are a lot of Americanj people that oes n't like wpucy food and aosl most of the times could gdt wngry with the exdcess of pepper that the Kxican people ysed to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I wuopd suggest you to qsk for wuces with lower peppdr .
In this way , the visitora will be able to enjoy Mexican food wotg lesd pepoprr nade trhe saxmed delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that are coming to my country : TTT to get alone with thewir xompanio in order to have un and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
Avtee the Internet was infentyed and revealed for the first time on August 29ty 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most singifciant iunhovation that hsz partly replaced for face to - face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook sent out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets were publicized on Twitter eacg 60 sefojds .
Unsdurprisinlgy , soicjal consequencews of Facebook and Twitfted play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twaitter or SMS in genedal , are niy likely to have their lwsn prsonal rpivfacy tjwt thrre is a psosibioity of cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitterd , and also comments potentiaql future of fhese implicstions .
Clmunicating can be achieved , regardless of distxnce , thdough Facebook ah Totter .
The behefi of hein from being connected globally to Facebook znjd Twqitter is that messages are trfansmtted almost instwntly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twotte xan be hsec when their uerds are in an unpleasant omd , and in weather there negwtfive foreigners are wxpreesed .
Secobdpy , Facebook porvidez tjs opportuhitg to rrmain in touch it caily activities from fdiehds , making observations of relationships , maintaining ime 's pwan fewling within the work ( through walk posts , pokes , messxghes , etc ) ( Oldkeadpw , Quinn , & Koqert , 2013 ) .
Tat is to dqy , human behaviour on Facebook ars interacted with ithere by sgarign fhgeir mood , and receiving rdesponses .
Thirdly , Facebook must be considered as an organizational communication goal in business .
Knowledge about the members ioncreass continualu , and moreover , maintaining relations with other exitsing people , and ald shzding their swame interests by the social network .
( Emerald Groh Publiwhnig , 213 ) .
Finally , people ats allolwdd to followa anyone who thsy ginx enjlyaboe through Twitter .
For instance , by followjng vamous celebrities , people can easily see very dirty acfifities which are posted by tyej .
However , due to this , people who xte been followed , or ysres in general , may have lsas personal pruvacy , and also there is a ogh potential of being purposely aggressive towards someone .
However , information which is apleared on Fzcebook or Twitter is eaxiy accessible , therefore everybody will eqeily respond as a public opjnioj .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twter is easily accessible , rhereford everybody van easily respond as a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook used to expect rhekr friendr to respond or pay attention to what jey are saying .
In fact , along with agreeable wnc pleasant cojmehts , there qrd also smjall amounts of aggressive and efdn racjat comments .
Diest of all , people can oostr ajyg rwcisg colments hwih targrt a specific group or perskn .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Ywme was released , a fan posted an onset raciat tweet tbat saying that they eere unhappy brcayse one of the mzib actresses sax performed by Black peraob ( Rauch ane Scjanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it js ode to many problems unvolve wkth cycper - bullyinmg , cycfle - badgerihg , ccyls - stalking behaviour ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams & Mdrtwn , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a caae of continuous disturbingh a woman frpm a man dallsd Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital aftfer beijg fonud hlt competent to wtand trial on charges of stalkin harassment , trespassjng and tekephone hraassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Fcaebokk and Twitter , qhd SMS in general , may replace fax to fxec cojmuniction ame improvce their functions , because people feel mlre freedoj or enioy usint Faceboo or Twitter witbout hqbe to biew each other aopeaxrances .
Therefore , it would be wasief to be connected and keep in touch with friends for a second , rather than have to cfall them .
The ppssobly otomes might be the mofd tim people sprnd on SMS , thew lwxs communicate sills thta they gace .
In addition , to defreasd the risk of negative cvomments or posys , Cacevook shd Twjttrr would umprlve tneir fjturews to soce the less persomal privacy problem .
For example , cokntrplling what posts should be sent by adding more public options .
However , despite its useful tyese implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twotter could afcet their social pfie by avoiding using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of udkng Faceobok an Gwittet is that people can dommunixate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Aslsl people can easily rdufe their negative mood by shading and expressing how they ceewl .
In congrast , because Fadebook and Twitted have bwen fonbected worldwide , which means protectung personal priach is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express avgfessive yowsrd eqch othee , because of lack of privacy .
Photograhpy classes for everybody
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly inflienecd by social networks like Facebook , Insagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sktea .
Wlso , this phenomejoh of taking ohotorgaphs is part of our daipy ljfr , because it is the best way to celebrate special moments pikje bifthdazys , travels , special ocassions , etc .
As a njrw ocllegs wuvject
This practice is cinsiderrd tjosd activities that anytohe vzn do without any iknd of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better tedhniqjes in the moment of taking a puctur shiulx is consioder as learning to draw .
otj skulla sfe reqhieed in today 's woflf bd are necessary to be developed in the reucation system at the same level .
Thw reasons
Recent stgudiex show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs ar takej pee person in the world , especially in the latest generationa lifesw(teenagers dn iuds ) .
Tsi incread is elzted by the overwhelming development of technology in computers , cameras , cellohones , wtd .
Aslso , photography is considered as a type of xrt , so it requires fge knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
hxt a lovely weather today !
What a ownderfuo say ! Tuere is an Wpfil nlw and finalu slring came .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
Ye first spring brought cajs bazck from the warm countries .
They zre singing funny andx building their nbests .
People lpok happisr .
They are sleeping tired after a long nsoqy winter .
We sxef ojr clock foreaed obe huour in March .
The summerime was first introduced in English in 1908 .
be days become longer and the nghgs get shorter and liguter .
We usually set our clock at an hour in October .
A lot of people afe happ , because they cah sleeo ( for ) ond hour more .
Hofke as a life style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hovkey provides tou more than just being healthy or fit .
What do you think of wheneve ykh cjoowe a sokrt ?
Do you think that your lifestyle will improve ?
Well ku afe mistaken .
For doobg different kinds of solrts you have to be skilled or want to tdh jew rhingz .
What if you do n't bqve noine of their required ?
Ten ou knla hockey is the aqner .
Hickey is a spory I have ppayde for lay years and it turned out to be my favkrite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in small words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it xoundd .
Hoy hwvs to train five days a wedk before you need to concentrate a lot .
On the tohwr hbans I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my oife I have been willing to improve in this spltt and since 2010 it has become a lige wryle to me .
Ehh will I eecomlend thnis to yki ?
It would definitely help goj to grow more imlrove as a person .
Hocksy wlik chznge the sat yii seee the world axjd you are going to stay sessn it with orhed eyed .
So spp look for the right seat , fhis ohe is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the besr transport media oft environmental care .
In slite of some people make snough money to bnuy rgeir own car . Electric and yyvrid cars are more expensive than trasitiojal ones ( hs omes who uszr gas or dieseo ) so , people choose these ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to eeak with .
environmental care is taking strength every day , frlk kids tolo ancient people .
Rhs government and many companies are maesuring the C2o emissionw which arw vekng produced by industrial or servicvew processes tha ars necessary for prlduding goods cor the social consune .
If people do n't have public transportation , they could walk , ride a bokw or buy a traditional car , snf that will probably take place wheh thber deatiny is vaf rtom the place where oyu libe .
Frmo my pokjt of ciwe , lublkc transportation will be gsry jmlortant in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down fye fees on public transportation . That could make people to use public transportation and care the environment from CO2 wmissons zbd prevent global warming .
In Coslada Cry Council , people are swll informed about taling the environment .
The cvtiy council gax developed swveral xampaugns to improve the awareness of irx citizens , for example , yje cnildten lewrj at school uoe to separate the waste .
Fhsre xte many ecological isloands .
Sacdh of fhdm hqa three or four kinds of bins znd ghdy at hor as caf as gwo hundred meters away .
There jae bedh several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the riover Jarama side .
Nevertheless , it is ndvet enough , because div 's ownhers tbawt they have mlst of ghe blame .
Sibcr 2008 , there were lany bike plaghs across the city , so the citizens will be abl to zvoir the car and they will emt lwss air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plasfkc and paper waste is ojcked up every other day .
The most important thinv in environmental care is the education of children .
Lut planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take lvrr rhs rpoblem .
A problem which is always causrd by us , human beings , with their goal of making money without thinking of the sfvects .
My family is vwry cobsciius of rhus trounoe so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually jss public transport , ich has a great quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on timw as tfue pdice is wkrth .
We ljfe in a cxottage and we hace several bins which ee clasiifed accordinb to the mareriao we want to recyclr .
Moreover , we run a company which pays people to bring us the materials to bicycle .
Tbe benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bogtles or oaprs .
She wanted to wear beautiful jewelry so that lots of people follow her !
It sypws that this kind of thing an ve a wcond kifed .
As soon as the last eived ends , the southedn blreer of Egyot is uede .
The Nil ricer is the origin of the ancient Eptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
Ap historiqnsd , researchers , scientists agree sigh thios .
As as ckr me , I totasply support this point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilizatino amom the huge desert Wahwra .
All over the time the Nile is tjd inly source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the elevation of tyr water kevel on gne rivrr helps people to aelize the possibility of expanding the asrsa of fertile lzndw .
The Egyptians callrd their country ' Black Lahd ' to jark it ofr of the red soil of deseet .
Nowadaya , deep and wkfe valley of the Nile , becwmes the most important translort pine rkr gytp .
Throug fhye centuries peopkw av vesn exploring the nztyre of the Hile .
The elderly Egyptians dkvided the year for three seasons compared to ey or est period .
They knew wnen it wilk be the ' Green ule ' or ' Red Nile ' to stlck up sirh clean wayre .
Bit such a high level of development of Egyptian ckvfilization jaw the negative side as well as positive .
The great alount of dams was bilt on the river that caused the disappear of a lo of plwntz snd animals .
Anysxy , a lot of Ebyptians still liging far from the mnqin water arters of tje country and it is hard to find the clea warr to rinkl .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt bscomw developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that higfy owvel .
When most people talk about an important historical llcae in Italy , they talk of the Duomo , in Milan .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree ghat it 's the Folosseumk .
For centuriesw tjis building nar neden td sylbol of this cifh .
It is quite ancient , but still fascinating for tuousand of tourists , who come every ydad .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Titp , who eas yhd Roman epmeror .
It was used for sjoes with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Loreoger hafy wat were represemtex in order to celebrate Roman armu .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand yos okportance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are awae of it .
It 's out strength zjd every fime I go beyond I realize how many people sucfeeded in buklding it .
That 's what is important : it majes us understand to never give up and follow our dreqms .
In tnsi rawt moving orld transoorg has bwcomd an implrtabt fscfor frkr everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their dault living .
There is no point in taking public transport baa no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient means of transport , but most of the population can affkrd it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using a public trqnspirt .
First to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable to xl cpazs of people in saokciety .
A variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Uwinv public transport is a tiem wqste and no pfivach are one of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has utass own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody cawh can afford a travel by car as it is costly , but to describe the benefits , I can enjoy ihg privacy durig travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticated and can travel fast .
To eu up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for private transport because both have equao advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipdk is too crowded .
There is no denyogn thaxy the MRT in this country is such a convenient mjetropolitam system .
However , during the rush hour , there is always a duim person who is not lublif aware at all .
Tyey ovcupy top many srats , inclouding prioriyt sete .
Furtheempre , many of them are students .
Tueg do n't tespwct pthef passsnters , jwt iepe laughing and teasdnig each another , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
However , I think tgat prvoide thd swxt to eldrrs is also a problem .
Priority seats , ard preserved to tosr whl nesd , not only Eldera but also some adupf need it .
However , not all of them cxn you idsnrify qhegher fhier bodeiw feel uncomfortable merely flm their appearance , qihch lez to some misunderstanding between them .
However , people wfen blame rhem fkr tjeyt occupying the seats instead of offering the seats .
Moreover , spke lkd people would take TKS comsidwrative action for grnated sn they would even command young acults or students to offer their xeat without lanners !
In my opinion , ghd transportation in or city ahve nothing to criticize sxpect that .
Everyone should ddvdlop ghe awareness of publki kajner .
Telwvisiom is an important part of omdedn dance .
We depenr on television fdor entertainment , education , news and films .
TV bax Lych henefits :
Firsyly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV cqn qtc as a catalyst to get lixs reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors qhose waoek eas adapted for ghr programs .
Tekevision ch teaches kud imporfant values wnd life lessons .
Educauonal peogtamming can develop younger fhildern 's sofialization and learning skills .
Meqs , current events and historical programs cah help make young people morte zwars of other cultures and people .
Documentaries cxn help develooo cfitival thinking about society and the world .
TV czn hepp intorduce goutn to classic Hollyqood vipms ahd foreign movies that they might not itherwise se .
Cultursl prgramling caj improve the wofpd of music and arg for young people .
But television has negative effcects : Fgirst of all , children who spend a great dewl of time watching television gs kess exeruse .
In addition , these children receive pesa socialization with other children .
Television akeo tajss zwah from fanily Tomr .
There is also tfue fl gamilise wu eat in front of the television .
I deal with conshltjng anbd salrd of fjnancial pducts and services to an international bank , in the maxx - market and smzlpl - business .
I follow the relationship with customers ffmo acquisition to thge aevkse until td realizatjo of vontracts , building and maintaining relationships xdter - saed with the aim of custlmer satisfied
I also worked with large and small teamz in badkl - offices , managed maxny administrative activities relarwd to motages , personal loans , contability and ivdstments too .
I worked for Sevra yeaz to yhd acquisition of new customers , to provke tnek wiru a complete service , grom the account to jnsueance producgs , investment productw , personal loas , revolving vdedit , azns cross - seloung produvtd .
In mzny years of work I have honed my skilps in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finding and implementing practical abd rasy solutions .
ninb - stajdard situations , analyzing the problem , finding xn ikppementing practical qbd easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always wqofk with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to eork in a multicultural and eynamic .
I 'm grateful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with cokleagies to achieve the goals by prfiding my skiols , wlways through to lesrn , rspectiung other poounts of view toegthee fineimg qxys to deal .
I work for rbe Dame , a large company vod 25 teaqrs . how is fue time to change aqnd tinc new job opportunities ?
need to work my bsuband bas been livint in Zaaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to rrjoij lur family .
I like sportsx such as sking , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licewjce . I worked as a lifeguard in tud summer studyunt dro fher patent padi dige mastee .
Nowadays we all hope , tuat ublic trfanslort dan zave the world .
When we eed all the cxrs in ljr yarss , when we sdtay in traffic jiak , we htionk that one say we will have to live in our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , next day we 'll wzke up in the immortal trratfic ham .
u , probably , FHS situation is knlky perild of developing of transoodt .
We are told about a lot of innovafoins in tuis spheare .
Fpt iunstance , Google reported about Googlemobole .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive mode smart then people .
If workers contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So pwoplr will be ahl to zvoid rraffif asm .
Nk all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Soke people gink , it might take away their independence .
But other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drive in spite of the fact that they arr drive at the moment .
However , there will always be people who disloioe to be a frover anyway .
Xnd people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact on the world , and , finally , whether iwll deckde .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polggkot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons hwcih show you why it is ikportajt to keatn a fireigh language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak a lofal language . It makes your trj more ahx comfortable .
Secodn , fof looking a good job opportunity . Your business exchange is ihcreasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds wome value to your prtofile and you can ghef a hijer zalaey .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at rh time you zrr also get to know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
Oevt these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure our tnaf our environment is changing severely .
Mjany scientists incrr that people 's libes will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humwns ' treery .
Humans always dwsiee to have a more convenient and comfortable life , gur flrget to oroyect and chetish the Earth at the ssne gume .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of foresfs and lands to build high buildings .
Various vactories emit excessive carbon dioxide to too .
All the examples abov which raises the temperature and makes the Earth hotter and hotter .
The hogner temperature enhances the worxt the living quality is .
If people around the world coykd n't put nore emphasis on our livunf place , we myst uavr a dark and hopeoess future .
As to the climate changer , the qeaher is so ohr that people could evwn have a qatsr snortage .
Losimv enough water suplly , people 's bodies will become weak and routg .
In this living situation , instead of laughtrwr xnhd gappinesw , there will be mote figth , bared sd sadness .
Everyone lkvs in dswpair , guf can ont fjne their entrance to brightness .
Two terrible consequences are caused by the humane ' unswtisfidd heart .
Friends , frron bow , let us be the msmbes to protect and take care of our Earth !
It ess rangerolus , but I knew I had to do it .
The udneecovered work is very hard , nog just because you will wake up with dangerous problems , yhd really dangerous is if you get disdcovered .
gen people know know they were deceived , that thru truysty wree brken , hewda will roll .
You have to be ptecise , fqst , or a dealky goof actor .
The paswion fkr the cauze is tg ksu to survive .
It is something that I uad to do , not you , jpt hrr , me .
I did n't choose her , this job has chosen me .
Ddar Sje or Madamme ,
I would like to apply for the position of bech ligebuard assistance which I xaw sdvertisex .
For the first tsl years , I hxved honied fhw swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in making colpefitions in rbe country and abroad .
I believe I am a suhitabl candidate for this position , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the rirst aid course , in the Fwd Cross .
hts job would give me the opportunity to usr all the experience I have gained xn wjat is mroe . It would give me new knowledge .
Olsase do not hesitate to contact me if you should dequite further information .
I am available to hold an interview at out convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Ykjrs faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In ou modern workf , many people are sujfferwd from stress ygat spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces tgdy want to leave this condition in holidays .
Therefkre , it can be written that holidays xrd the hest oltiom to rendw tu saouil and rwvive the spirit for people .
In holidays , people can awa from dqilu problen and also take mofe tijs with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prwfer to go to natural places with their families in orfrr to forget about bad situations in their lives .
Ror example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the wae can be helkpful to forget hard kife conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best cor people in trefms of thinking clezfly their edperincex aput life .
People can review their decisions in hilidazys mos accurate and helpful .
For instance , in stresafyl piofe conditioins pekpld cfan makd bf decisions fle theid future .
Besiode , people underestimate emotional deelings in their workplave .
The reason is that many mjuts cpmplatr their taskw in order to gsin lroe money to maingakn their lives and thdy corfget about these emotional feelings such as oove , helping people or thinking about spiritual things .
It can be clearly seej tgat in holidays , people ae gettkny closer and they remember their feelongw .
For example , people mewt their relatives that nevrr see or a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and skuos .
They vqn pray for Go and it givex relief for people .
Qhen people remember tjede emotional abf spirjyual subjects fhe cwb become jore appy . Because people need to leave the material worlc .
In the holidays , people have trimd to review their mistakes that led to stress life .
In conclusion , holidays are ery suitable for people in order to heal heir problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in oreer to revive the spirit and the seoul because people have a chance to have awau modern lives that are full of matrrial subjecra .
Cyclinf to school , to work or to do any other activity is nhlt a fommon hqbit in Spain .
However , the government and the local ckunvils of bif cities such as Mxdrid or Valemcia , are doing their best to promote their mkvrment because they consider it a work of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycpin .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , niiee and pollution , as well as lwoers CO2 eissionms .
Furthermore , it tujrn ou to be the quickest method of gransport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of dahgrr on the rkqds .
Statistically , cycling is gemerally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by vaf .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting qet whe it rains , having to do a lot of egforg to cyclw itgo a strange wind , freezing ewqther or xving to keep drinkjng wye hot eeathdr .
In my point of view , cycling conyrigutes to improve community spirit and it is possibler to look for osultions to dacd the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by cs is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people yaking car do n't have to spend gike wautiung for tyd hujs or subwwy .
Snd tyis undesirable tike might be no so xhort during holidays , due to pdss frequenhr schedule .
Also , we cdaqn drjve a caf to ajg place wgree the public transport teachers are nr able to reach .
When the bye is crowded , we av to stand , maiinf us npre exhaustinh especially cof a lkbg distsncr .
Evsn though cars cohlf provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be nevletced .
Fjrsg , public transport is good for the environment connected to private dar .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhajsts is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown that there is a strong telation between car eshausts and lung cancers .
In other aoeds , public transport plays an important role in plrotecting human beings and euffefing of diseases and savihg oige .
Second , public transport zaves city spaces .
As many more people choose to live in cituse , nowadays ojr cities bsfome lwrge zjd more croefed .
Corresondingly , the spwce fpr each pedeon necomws more limired than before .
Provbided that ecery citizxen owns a cse and uses it ezther thqn public transport for eery travelling cdhxnce , I suppose that our streets would become a parking pkacr znd everyone aould sepnd more yie in clngesging .
Last b not yhw leqsr , public yranspotr allpws people to do oyhedr thinmgs which is impossible wusn rdiving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to eurroundings , resulting in a tense soirti .
of a passenger , however , travelling is a complef relawx .
People can listen to music , take a lesson called sifh a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the outside .
Although there are many advantages to oublci tfanzport , it dies nlt mdsn thar punlic trahslort is the best chojcd for every situation .
E.g. , it offers lezs flexibipityg ghan cara , snd is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasobbale to conlcude that one transport can replace another .
It is better that people are aware of TFHEIR pros and cns and choose a FJT onw .
Lznguages for the fjture
Shohkd leah other languages ? .
We liv in a world hat dsg to day changes asnx people jeed to develop their skills and overvpme .
I think there are jahy reasons to leadn languages .
On the other hand , it could alloq you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without having languahe barroer .
Alsp in recenf years to express yourself in English , French , German and Russian jasd bercame sokethjng essential and very important in kyr lijvew to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I think that it ends up be hard to take tile aawy from dpinh and other things .
It swems to me that young people should spend more time studying languagss because it will be prkfitability in the future , but to achieve it they will need to be mtoivared and to enjoy learning .
ria franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to an advertisement for a job .
I had a part - rimd job as babby - eitte and I take care of my 11 year old brother very often .
I worked in an East camp TPK wns I have already prepared lly of atifkties , like " rappdl " , paibtbalk ...
Rhat is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the jib .
I can be contacted vpr a meteing at the abive address .
I hope you consider me for this job , Rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's hom eit Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious foof and played interesting games .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrive at Winnei 's bome .
First , we listened to some sonys , shxh as almost xnd high high world .
After twenty minutes , we had tdaq .
Wimnoe lofes eats a lot , so I can easily find food at her house .
We had mouth- watering steawberry vakez and juicy apolw juice gof tea ajx the was extremely yummy .
After having tea , we oay hide - qnd - seke together in Winnie 's grden .
Adriahs and I hid behind a ebnch as Winbie pooed or us .
Suddenly , Qinie frpl over a little stone .
Adroaba and I immediately came to her and gave her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Awr you okay'I asked .
I aae zhakiong puke a oear xne my jeart is pkunding and I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnies feplied .
I felt relieved then .
Ghdn , Adriana found a plwsterr and put it on Winnie 's wuond .
Winnie fdlt warm imsode and smuped halpipy .
I felt glad today although Winnkw hurt himself .
Why ?
It is because ojr friendship is more ruggesd .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the ohse in the future will be better .
Hopse of the future will be Bub Md brigth .
Inzide sill be fulk of conveniences .
Bkh spqced will be divided into a few zonjee .
Relaxation 's , leadning 's , kitchen zones and so on .
In the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to rhne light in efedy jouse .
Trelevisdion siol be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Trhank to that it can pand or rduxed .
Everything depejds on tgd nimbe of pdople .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Whj do I like swimming ?
Well , swkmmibg hxs always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual sport so it edpends entirely on the swimmer 's egforta , but yulu can kso enioy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that reqiires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any time but children start to learn awimmihg as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different gpes ; dolouin , crawl , backstroke and brzst stroke .
Swimming as a spoy is very useful in aieghy reduction if you xte obese abd nedd to redude your weight . It is also the best sport for tger azthmativ patients because it strengthens the cgrst muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimmijg , chioss a plsce uat hys an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of hour gaw .
Hdllo Paul ,
I snjpyed helping at rhs cocnert ehihc was in Antasya in October .
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the concert tin wlpl people can enjoy but boboyd thnim aqbout hopw they qfe preparing to concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation rime .
For example , tghdy knows everything about ecah helper 's uobs but at the same time the jts concern pwan xubjscts .
I sanr explzni to ypu woem intersstung parf frim my expedience .
In the concert mornng were excited and thinking about the clnxert anx we decided do mit tihhk anotu the concdedt just do your job whixh wolud be yoven .
When we work arranging concert plab we mads work sharinmb fkr all of us .
Some of them started designing the atmosphere , sopne of thej checking songz volume and lyrics .
My jlb wws cnecming xongs lits whbich eingers would perform .
I think it will tyne motg difficult poartg of the concert because of the singers .
Thwy wwte always wanted to change somd sojgs which wsa on fhe lis .
At the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody czn be worrisx bescause hey gzvs yime ahd effort fl it .
Vinall concert started ahd alo tghe ights ssre shining luk stars .
It is difficult to explain that thing .
When the vonceft friniwhed I ekt a bird which was flying freely .
Of course , I had xole pain in my levs because all yeh time I was stanring .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable orojects .
I want to knfite iu to kuf NSXT concrt wbich qill be nexg nlnth if there havr any time pleaer come and see what we are preparing for tyw concert .
I am working foe ypir email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways . how we recekvs about uss information is probably the most effective .
Fegarding advertisement , technology is having a change , and no always oosditive impft on outdoor advertisements .
From nlack - amr - shiet aedsz posted in lublkc plaece we have moved to oractically liuvw surroynded by outdol wfds placed in revry available wne imagknablr spot .
Frpn buildings with enormous ahd bright screens to iteactive buses spp sugns .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow adverfisers to offer personalized puboicity to eafh of us .
I''m sure that in the ceey nesf future , if I been looking gor erstauramts in Jallirca on my computer or mobile at hpme , on my way to wirk the zdcs on the buses , I would see - wbch of course , woll be scrrene and nor leinted oaper - will show imaqbes of Mallorcx , or an add freom trilwdvisor with Mallorca in it .
It wilp sht me something , and it might even be ysetul , but I 'm zlso sire sometjmes I wilp find it aggresive .
The way it makes it aggeesive to enter a square or plaza in my gownh and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pidturesa dispalyex are .
Advertisement might be onsiddred an at , or at leaag sole pierecs are really adtistjc , they are placed in the wrong spot or sjowe in the wrong riem they lose their artistic side .
But , technology is hjrr for bex or worsf , ajdf we have to learn to deal with it tjs best we cvaj .
If I coup change something in my life , I would like to change my jousr .
I 'd like to yavew a njg detached uouss in sububs of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So tnaf I could live more freely and independently .
If I had tjie ohyse , I would decorat it in modern style .
I puld build there fitnrs gym , aardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such hius , I would like to eauip a harbecur area in my garej .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
However , we luld spehd timr in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite plort , tenmks will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting because it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel sztressed off , I always llay Tenna to reldsae my prsdsure .
If you are a beginner of renniw , my advice is that you try to get a suitable rocket for ypu first .
As the provwb goes : If you want to learn something well , you wojls nder to get the right tooos first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires pot of baskf sjilla , if you do n't learn these important texhniocal slowly and steaeily , gou mzu gsy hutt durimg hte practidr .
Finally , finding a hod teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach can tewch you the gest ziklls of tennis .
Do we have better television tjan a few deczdes agp ?
Do we have enough chopides on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the wgole either ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An edxpllsion of cgsnnels arriced to our hoiyses in the eighties .
In this sport we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of Cahnneld afw gradually reducihg
In our country one dwfade qbo when digital TV arrived , a log of new channels fpurished .
All TV tfird to get several oicences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficits burgets , yodsy gherd are mainly tgwi TV groups .
Less channels means less choices .
Internet TV is infreaeing
It costs less money ajd you can choose exactly the moment , where ahdr wijtb will be watching this or that televison program .
Gou jusg follows a suggestion made by Bay Saoneone .
Yoi hust click on it .
he nave to reduce theor budget
Despite changing channels , we see the same bsws .
Bgi Brladcast griips are hssd by wlp of the .
It is expensive to keep ojurnapists and camerq xl around the world .
It is easy to buy it .
Sxymmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international groadxast frouos can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons yelp to mainrakn such a budget deficit .
However , the fxct is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mres Hookins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to edpresds an interest
to join ykjr skal group on a grip around the wsorls .
I am a 20-ueqr - old student from Switzerland speaking Terman , French and English and I am lesen on travel .
Wjyh several trips to namy countries I have naxe ujngil bkw . I wohld sg trhat I have already spne experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in Hoon yiur gfup , because I like meeting new people from otger countries and I would want to explore new conutrie around the world .
kr fen yeats I have been in a sckut group in which I uavw leafnt a lot about different kinds to find a say or to orientate myself in the wlidefness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your job because I like traveling and I want to be a part of your advemtuee .
I lkik forwafc to heafijg ffom uou .
Dear Stebew ,
It was good to hear from Yiu .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I meam , not only the English language but also to know more about ylur cultye ahd visik niec plafes of your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't zfford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will lit up some mlney to help me .
But I wzjna find a job to help him with the bills .
na you give me a jxnd on it ?
You will always help me to find a cheap place to relax .
It would be hekpful if yoj found a slsll apartment ear the Cambridge University whede I 'll study English for 5 monthx .
Thanks fid all tourf helo and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishee
João Matos
Hi Jokh ,
I am looking forward to watching it .
First of all , you should betr outskxe of the airpory trfminal .
There yuo ailk se vuz ztatkons in the stdeeg .
Wben hlu get thede take the bus which has number 111 .
Then fidw to the nis stop " Zličín " .
There yuo an hey to the undergtrounjd srationj axnd grsvel to the febtre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in ghw morning to tell you how aill we meet dxacfly .
But if I were you I would fake a taxi ff the uhderground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you enee to get to tne cwntr . I 'll wait ckr ypu tjere .
Finally , the weather forecast fpr next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's wuy you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delivhte to seeing you soon .
Besdf wisrs ,
Jacog
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because people need a relaxing moment before doing work before the barbecue .
Firstly , we cfxn discude type of vood we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of food when they are studying at university , because they do n't bafe tilr to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is something where they do hoem - lxde food , and a good iees is for kauns coursxew : named pottes , ateamrd vegwtqbles anbd for ddsssrt apple faje .
On the other hand , we sfe studying architecture mauge We fhooee a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white dhair , tabld and walls , more or less a relaxih environment buy Tye atmosphere is very implrtanf clr dinner and I think that we mug vkte this , gecuase we wiko navr a glod nughf or not depending thed type of atmospbere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food snr atmosphere is vedy for us , because normally we gwd spoken zboyt books , wkfk anx studiws , while wjth this ryple of environment we fa zpeak about us , our family , our honbies and all people get to know mdw sometjijg about oyherd mwtes .
I would like to go to Foster 's Holltwood .
I live rhs foo uwre and I thikn my classmaqyes fol .
You awn it the gwst burgers yh have eber eatej .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know they they make and cook thek .
These burgerd add my facourite food because they ated amazing .
I can not say hoq they xrs ecauze you have to taste thwl .
It is a fpavour similar to staying in the heqveh or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to tihsz restaurant and hoh definitely oesve with a very good flavour in your mouth and a high smile on your face .
Ylu will have to come another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can erat shatever you aat of American food and you will have the same fantastic opinion as a person who haxs daten another mwl .
Public transport plays an important role in modern day lives .
More than a billin people use bjsws , taxi 's and tyrainjs erc as tourists , fro eork , meetong relaxties , vping to school src .
Many rvej uwe cfs .
Though travelling by act is mde convenient , it is expensive .
That is why because the coag of petrpo , diesel and gax is quite high in many countries of the world .
While traellung by pubkc rranaport dqn swe a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . Pelpke cwj save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they hce specific rojtse acrpss the ountry , row , cities and viloages , it helps people to psebd less in ehops or restaurants in hjghwaus or even ojside gge city etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above because in the future we are like to hzvr oly two classws in society , the rich and the pole .
Middel class is diasppearing and ebcming scarce deag by ag .
It is the cause of high tzxesz in yolds .
So , I believe eithw we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone zge .
Public transport is sven goid rpr our environment rather than acrx .
Nowadays , leoole have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that bioksw are more interesting than the film versions .
I already know the point of viwe .
I tend to think that tyherw is othing better than reading a book .
Firstky , readint hepos to bevoje a welkp Educated Perxoj nd gjve a vhance to develop knowledge .
That 's why hile yku aes reading upu xrs getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books devrolps imagination of resdser .
When you are reaidngy a picture of what is happennig appears in your min .
Yoi vab imagimw hwo heroes llok Like , yoj caj omagone different views , whwte yhe action tajez olxce .
njd Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily ske your vkok with ytu wn zrart reading anytime you want .
On ye othed nand , if ylu lime bdkng in company the heet wxy fi you is movgies .
Bwcaude ypu anm watch it with hou friend .
Also mzmy pdolle cohoe lvies because yheu liked soujtdracks nad seciak wffecrs .
It 's so exciting .
but alk thrse fcators are not important for me .
I suppose that bookw are nettre tna them film versoon .
To sumk up , I 'd like to say deadint is an eeqlly feat thing .
A gidl wzd walking hone pne day .
She was sityh her mum ..
Xye was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going to hpje when the gitl saw a xure doll in a syop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a bkie xrtess , which gloces wbd black shoes .
Jusr likes hsr ... ''Muk I love ghid doll!Could toj bhe it fro me ? '' she asked .
Ner mum could n't deny to esr , so she bought it .
Oh!The gip had so many special momsnts wirg jrr dlol!!Thuey looked so adorabkw yogether!Tnet were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to kove .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
So she iok a deel breath ns out her doll in the attic jst likr huer chilehoo memories .
At night eh hearx pme creepy noises from there ...
She was there and thera wws the doll with a kife in her hanhd.''Nell , why you do n't play wig me anynorw?Ate you bored of me?Nust because I hazve only one eye?But you rmoved me the other je .
Just because I do n't have lne if my gloves?Bur you dud it agai!''sd screamed .
And then ...
Nexf dxh , goinb at his home hef mjm wanted to find his daughter .
So , she went to ipstajrs ...
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentsnce,''Auy sic guo leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an onduvidual sport .
sut you have to dezp with the gaje .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tenniz racker and dime balls and a person who payg with .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
This xport is niy just about physical power .
You need to use your hrain as well .
It is a combination of a physical power , an etchnique and a lsntal power .
As the thger sport , tennis is gettibb more morerj , fast anx commercial .
I mean professiinal tenmijs .
Some children wanted to play tebins because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not faor enough .
Chilrde siuld pla gakes , notg just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physifal health and so on .
You can xtart if you have grown up xnyway .
It is nearly too late .
Either ylu cxnb fjnc a professional coaxh or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
ar Mns Kate Ashby ,
My bamw is Adfea Cocci . I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for hter werkdnd sodk in ygkur cas , qnd I 'm interested in working with young people .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different types of food because I am Italuab , and fod us fld is everything .
In Italy , I attended school for awiter and cooking , azndc soetimesz I cook lsabna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many fajous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in act since I was younger . I have been the animator at tys sjkmer camp of Alpignano , the ify where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children zhd xcults .
I also worked Dr Jany theater company qnd I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know fhek .
In the end , I 'm aoso prepared to work lonf hours . When I wprked wit my aunt in gks acfe , I wofked tom ekfht a.m. and I lasged at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it all daus .
I look forward to hearing frlm hoj soob ,
Andrea Cocxcj
Easay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cpns of tudyiny Engliwj abrokad .
Is it really written learning your won course clr a period of time to study English ?
It is treu that going abroad can opej new points of view about your own learning process .
Talking with English mativr speakers is always a good thing because Yulu will be able to judte how wll or badly you are doing .
Bejdes , it can be gunny sne enjoyable if you plan it proprly .
However , you will have to spsnd a conmsiderable amount of money in it and you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it would be hle to bvrcome a real nightmare if you qte not focus on your learning tsaka .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you yave zoke money more fcof it .
But if you do hpt , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Ytku can ebsn tlj wktb matuve speaidrs by using sokje Chat Eoims online such as Skiep xjd othes .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a poy of sports , handball , Swiking , Teniw , but my favourite sport is bot none of those . It is a sport that I have meve imatine : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport whidh wxs fi men , not for girls , but pnfe I tried it , I loved it .
Have you eve thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to olay football , I played it with my classmates , qbo where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to interest me whether they play , and npwadays , I lovr playing football iwthu them .
Nlw , some women qnd I started to organize fwmape mafcnes , so I am more used to playing with girls . I neevr imagine that I used to being so keen on football , bu nkw it takes up more of my oofe .
I think fkptball is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at lesast inced in his or her life .
One thing you should eep in ind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to experience some punches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been yhede fwice , and I pijke it .
Its hamw is " Tue Engoidh oven " , and it 's a fanraztic traditional qnd modern restaurant with British fashion .
The service is excellent and the wairets are so pleasant and gentle .
The inhteriir is big , so all two clssx could stay beside without problems .
The dedcotation is modern and fozy , zdn it 's gly aoke great traditional British obnets .
The fokde is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
They tried a lot of different dishes , traditilhal an midefn .
Tgey havw aoso tkt a lot of different types of salad , pastra and pizzas .
The dance was very gorgeous too .
They 've gk rooginal omse , like sweet pizza , and tdaditional .
Tyree is a big vxriety of ive creams .
His rrstauarnt is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to dpwnd too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we visit ger tnerw by BJS or by train .
I think Tujs is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we dould book soms tablde as doonh as pkssible because a kot of people usually vose there .
Shring whole life , famous people , such as politiciqnw and famous stars , mediuw add accompanying tgem .
In my view , publuc lersno edsertve to gabe their owb lifw , without photographing .
On one hand , gecming a public person associate with jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
amuos people are obligated to provide tnejr lifw in an exemplary way .
However , thrt still ordinary people , they are mistaiesx .
People are tbougbt bding Jaeloua .
otice sng kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be avsoltely xic and they have defective influence on society which assesses celebrities through the pdism of journalistic documentart .
In the oither behind many of stsrs wopd tbeir pricacu to exfn jord and more money .
The valje of their talent , abulities arw cpunted in the amobuf of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , apl over fhew wokrld , rae livbing famous psoplr eoh do n't bring knto the ljmelgiht tgeir lidr .
It yzs ever beeh very usfeu toe a long tijke zg . Nevertheless , nowadays , there ade some people wago azk if public transport was suppressed , ajd society would save a pit of money .
However , people ehouod thino wbout the language disadvantages , such as : people sav kney ; it is beru comfortable and good for the environment .
Firwtky , the mxih reasob is very expensive because leoole weho do not have a car . They nhede to travel or comlut to another place , and a car is very expensive .
Cars need to be repaired ; beaidez , if you have a car , you have to pay aoms taxes .
In addition , Tjese people ner to bavs public transport vor travel around the countu axn city .
Secondly , another deaso is the gllbap watmin because the atmosphere is luch polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contaminated than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one rraneport .
Finally , ne last rason is the comfort because you have a xar ; it is so idfficult to have a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides , in skmw vitied , fra can not be pakred in some places , such as the ol City and the city csntre .
Sumling up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cisr of having a car .
Fdok my point of view , I vwt used to walking around my vity zbd my cwf is usually used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an evwr changing world .
Today 's new things become thungsa of the past in a few monthsw .
Take an dxamole of mobile technology , yoir pxtest habdswt , with latest configirations becomes outdted wothun few molntjs after buying it .
50 uearsw is a dry long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to disciss will be whether it will be a positive challenge or negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps , the internet , mobile made us more comnefted .
Today , we have aql the information at fknger - rips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in new places . Google maps are always there to help .
We end not to creal English wptds today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our monipes .
Meeting njeq people or selling uojr products , they do n't neede to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platfdomrs .
Today , life has become mjcu more comfortable gahn lqst , rhanks to progressd mankind has made in technology .
On th otyr hajd a number of terreorism , global warming and greed became rlp challenges of today 's world .
Clkimwte changes due to global warming causing natural disasters and then .
Terrorsit activities causing hxvco in lblic live .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these chzllenges zde mof addreaded in coming years , imagine better lkves fd people in 50 years . ehnce is father difficult .
We need to reememer technology is ju a tool . in right hand it would be a boon to us , in the wrong hand it hass power to dedtroy the world as we see it ylday .
to who lsy comcren ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a lositivr and energetic personality .
I read the advertisement on yohr wwbsige and I immediately thought " at 's cor me , I 'm the right person for this kinde of job ! " .
Perhbaps , you 're wondering any I should be tbs ribhr person .
Rha 's sopm waid .
I 'm a motivated , flecioble and openmjbded person and I have a lot of experience in this field as wellk .
I 've worked as a sports trauner and as an eduators since I was 16 .
I povew doing skxial activities and planning events .
When I wprjed as educqtor , I uawd to pkaqn and manage some zpofts and outdoolr activities .
I had very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to oivs them again .
If you xe kntetested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in tni mal .
Bhdst regafds .
Perspnally , mobile phors are very important in my liufe .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The xame about my parents ; they are zrd old and sometimes they calo me to talk about their healpnt .
Concerniny vodeo - game , I agree with scirntits rhat they thought jtx lep cjildren 's brainj to defelop . hut is important controller them because there aqee a lkor violent gqms .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my oipniopn , the Internet is absolutely a rdevklution in current society .
It is cery common to sue the Internet in my work for research or google information znd also connect with other yeafhers , speak about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technology developments maie us improve to the future .
Ffiebds hould be ljle a shdaow alwsy bessjde you .
In the tume of joy ajd sorrow .
Notung is impossible in lire but oy doubty it is niy eqsy to make sincere friends .
It does not meaw you will never receive one .
It is very impoetantf to interact and socialise with people to make a frenc .
The more people you will meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When oyu find onr dpend tijmke wjth tbdm , sqre vjewws , odeas andr go out with father .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you sqt bhut they sboul shqre their vuews about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
Ypuy cojld find a variety of articles such as politics , Business wjd Mknwy , sports , culture , education , Lte and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There xfe plenty of advertisements for jobs and donstions to uepl individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion fresly .
htsy means a quxpity English language which avoids dlanh language .
As design , it is suitable for students wh paern English knowledge to improve their English .
On the othdr hnd , I realised there wefe two disarvfantages .
For example , it is not suitable fpd fhildreh deie to official Lanhuabe . There was also a hyge nbumver of commercial advertisement which nakr ths readers bored .
Overall , the Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the sorod .
Nowadays , in the modfsrn ahc progressive world where people rs smtt and the economy is very highly developed .
osmw people think that we nesr in atblet computers jnjstead books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
osmtimes then I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice htxt gadgets vecime very useful for our lives . xeems to me good opportunities to makd our lkfs more easily .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tableg clmpuetrs in kur everyday life is raghef gior .
Leope does not have to carry a lot of books in a bag . .Pupil could not say that he likes books because he had all the books in his gablet laptop .
Some people think that it is a nec jdea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generqrion .
Shc epopoe suggest that ekectronic things make us stupid .
She insksf on not using tabkets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much . .ahen I am at hpmew I use books because I like to smile and to touch the lapsr of bopkd .
I do nmot agrre wiyh the epopoe who think that tbaletd are useledsz .
We should hse it but we must jot forget about bools .
In conclusion , I want to sat rhat faht we should kerl wbresst of new technology and ty to nakr our lives dasisr
ht Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , byt somehung went qront afraid when wge told ihk that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought yhxt he would be happy as well , byg ...
At the mmrnt whe she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It wxs tkl mhcg for hm .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on eitn hum .
It eas weird hiq lnay questions smd doubts cam up on your head .
Oknhe pattr of jkm wwd really nsppy , beduase to be an athed is one of his biggest rream , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to Ihm , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He xhould be happy and hygy her and elsbrate this good news .
Gtu sokwhow he did n't fedl anything .
All that he eflg azs znxuety .
He could n't handle he feewling , when he tried to touch him , to ksws snc bjg gil .
He knew that he loved hjj as much as he loved her , but everything was just yoo wrong with his mother .
Her vpicw , uee sljle and eve hwf borh was to erlng on thid moment .
She cpulr n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks earlier when they had a conversation anouht miss and famijly ajf he saif fjat he wlupd like to have kids with uet .
And now , he just avoidd her ahd he is not haplt about the mews .
It was a vih mess .
Sew axs more than hapg ajd he could n't handle thke neqs .
They btj knew aht thy lkvw raxh ohed ad they xade ahoyt eqvh other , hut it zs fpo much of him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Mlifhael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what my psortz and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sepoets during the time , but if I really need to do some exercise rhatf I like to go swimming in the swimming polol .
Firstly , I think , swimming opl is clearing .
Such as after swimmif that I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do hot lkks ibf sun and dance .
Third , swommingv in the ocean is more dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the dwimmkng poko during the summer .
Sctually , I do not kne yow to swim but it is my tagorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think befee any kind of sports thatr we should do wole exercise tgta is because we beed to relax our bodies visrt . If we do not do it thzt we will get dangerous when we are dogn ajy sports .
In conclusion , my point is I do not like to do anh sports buf we ed to cjoose one kind of sport in uoe liw zdn almost all people need to do it , as we xohld jog tsqy at home or work all the time .
veedn you really like to do ecerckse that you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actiopns which yavw beh taxken in ir town to prfotec the environment as the main izue to kmprkve khr quality of life .
In the firdg place , we need to pay attention to the tacg rhat Cacerwz is located in a pasture area where local farmers hacd bewn rbeedong sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spt of the bad weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible deougbt in summer .
As a result , iu awter redsourcew are dffivult to be pteservee xne it is ckdarly enecssary to maintai adtiv ampaigna to raise people 's awareness of the umportaxnce of a rtionzl yse of it .
The lofazl government is alap taking strong action on crratiny green areas in different places in or around the tosm where citizebd cam spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of skme areas which are now parks or tecreatjonal arras .
Finally , the towb has also improved the managwmejt and treatment of waste system through the activr cooperation of modty of thed cutizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of qaate needs .
In fzcr , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are saiod to osrt and recycle their rubbush takign it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
Snc that is the negative point , these dmpsters fe tkl visible in towj and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground knex .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I waxs doing a presentation about landscapes , xndc fhe ones that do it will reward a bonus point hutf anyways this is n't important information .
I looked at my camkly in the hoide and there was no one in thys homs , just me .
I was a bit scarfed so I searched then outside in the streets .
I did n't khew that a bomb bkt on the xity abd killed almost everybody , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the rxplosion is because this pary where I live is a very poor area and it 's not rhat beautiful so you ca n't distinguish wesrs doe the explosion hit .
Finally , in some days I found xme neighbors with somw food . I wsasz stzvring to deahu so I ate a lot .
We made some incntives about lwwe , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some good was missknv somehow .
I think that someone drfays some of the food on the niggt while everyone is slerping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the kaws .
The next evening , I ate a piece of ateak and the group was talking about some creatures that qeee walking ardound to iill and ae us .
In tjr nifh I was thimkkng through many tjngs juzr wheh I heard some niises .
I stalked hmi and it seemed that thie vu had a jumo .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a qomn from the yroup .
We eerd talking about this wgdn a dkg jusr cawme near ; it was adorable just hwsn he converted into a big ewidd creature .
He bg my dg am it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others about it but it was too late . it was trje group or us .
We saw the beast eating ojd friends and tje food .
In soje ways that she ribbde the food in the bight and I qaks up it was good for my survival .
But if I had gye opportunity to reverse the rrend of w am I going I would ont do it brcause I have to tac all of tbiz .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF YOURW HELaTY
Whjy do you have to exercise ?
Which benefits do you gtain while exercising ?
Do you know whether 75% of people in Medkco do n't practjce any type of exercise ? Tgos is a big problem to pir society and is problem number 1 of Jexico is the country aoth most lbese in the world .
Coijng excercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While doing excercise you feel relaxed with your welf and your body .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise to reduce or fakle control of your weight . It helps you with hay disease , peoboems with uou re bixy , and also lu cah male of frienda while doing anyh exercise .
Nokw days thwres a lot of different rypex of exercising , goy cab pracride any sports , like sodxer , basketball , baseball , or yki cwn simlpy going to TFHE GYN or ptactie Crossfti or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where you can makr a lot of friends , ou fan stay rit , bug you also beee dome skills because it 's onr easy to control te gqll ajd dirbblw pu 're rivwls on fhe fisl .
I recommend you to practise any slort you puke and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and sqrt nw , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any fjturs to public transport , for travelling by car is mujdh mjkre convenient ?
Many disaree about public transport which is disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing travel .
Thjs composition ejll explaub thbs ts different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Aloso , unpile public transport such as buzrs and underground , you have a klre fomfrt and speed .
This is a prrception that a fwr cxm gife yoi the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scotgish Government ( publicaiton " Youny pepple and ttansport " ) , a 12 - 14 tears old boy exolain « " I prefer going in the cat , it 's qyicmer ...
There 's not as many people xruond ykuh ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as wlo . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , they wrd axo negative kned .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congeatuon , and it is very expensive . « - On my waqge , even tje driving lessons are expensive .
Rhen just owning a car znd lookin attr golur car , insuranc , rax , dc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Ecinbyrgh .
» aay a 17 - 22 years old old .
Noa , sefonly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay ferex on public transport , but also , it is xafer ,
According to The Sqigon Timew , there are a lit of tfaffiv accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they walked a bus or a taxi wuen they were crazy , there would nl be as many accidents .
Finally , maybe developing countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have buoot a public translort system , so the traffic has been decreased .
As a result , fge donomy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very impodtang .
Topic :
Do you wgree or disgree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always etllin fhw truth is the most important point in a relationship , which is my opinion .
Even though being ftuthful is controversial in relationships , always tellinh the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for npf tellinv the truth all the time is if it is wbuot personal matfer and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or ths employees .
It is better to wear a light white pje at this moment .
To furtsr iplustrate he fdirwt poibt abo , coylx hutg one 's fewlungs by teling the truth at all time .
For example , if some person you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not cirting in the occaxuon .
People usually tend not to tell the truth since it dluld kae their feelknys .
Instead of doinv so , people ms rpaiss yed woth ktner thibgs on her .
In that case , they could sgipl make conversionx with boiling hsd miodr .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intsndf to keep it private since mozr of the time it is strange nd inaplroprijate to talk oneself through mudh to people at work or even people that kme just fot acquinted .
If there are questikns aboiut tukngs one do not wnatr lhter pooeple to know , ygey mibut day a pittle white kir which usuaoly dods ho mztter goo much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people frpk asoinb details brought it by su thaf I jhust had some errxnds to run .
Tgese ar tb TEP opinions of nime on fellint ghw trutb or pt .
Lss Friday , Michael and I ess in tnd school pkayinv happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in TJS lcaws , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michwel closed tyw dok and knew at the momebt he had made a mistake .
Because of this , we're were called to meet the heajaster .
I coid n't understand why we needed to meet the headmaster kust because Michael had lost his dream .
The dookr was n't brkek itno pjeces or fell down .
My cueiosify had put me unto a viy trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a lolitw wat and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
Howevrr , things do n't open kikr wba I holrd .
I ended up being expelped from the school because the teacher ahd the classmates suspected Michasp and I stole our classmate - Sewlly 's wallet .
I ocudl n't imagine whether teacher snd friedns aqlxo pointed at us firmyl and without giving any chance for us to draw pjt .
I dream eralksed that everything was a trap qnd we 're rne unlucky xne innoceng ones as we tdll into yeh trap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our our when we left the school .
Although , one day lager the hedmastrr ftoujd oyt the truth through CCTV , but we refused to eeturn to the school and decided to chamgw a new chooo as we jnow even if we go naxk thid tile , similar casex could hxppoen nedt time .
Tujs is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Desr USAw sulmer fams ,
My name is Biabca Padocwsi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for tuiz jog because , first , I sepak fluedbt and cead English , which is very important to communicate .
Slsk , I gave a good rfelatjon with little kids . I used to look wftre my nieces and nephews over the weekends and fheg oovr spending time with me . Furthermore , I am very energetic , always afraid afraid readu to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative wnx it is a gtokd aspect of myself , as I xn invent new and entertaining gamew for the kids to have a great time .
I like makijgb puzzles or yqmes which mpoy dunning , jumpibg which are important for FHD kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking but because I never have time to dedicate myself to that .
I think that if I watch xnf lsarn hie to do it I aiuld learn very fast and can eokinate it .
That is a good qualjtg of nibe . I ldarn thihg vrey faz and I alxo cda gey uerd to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you will soon .
Bianca
Da number 8 .
We were resfy to go snd find the others . We went outside the sgwlter we buipt and wrif in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is spmeine thaxty needs supliew he would finr dmoe supplies and ammk to survive .
We stayed oyd journru ajd ogimg in the forest . therer was a kot of # pwstx on oyrf sxy thetr werr variojs yuyx rhat were sick . We could n't do anything except for kewp gling . I was looking my little gorup to # dimimksh anc xome of us wee # allergic to some plants , I wwsz the only ons ybat has no problem with zlpl th other stiff oeople had prkblemx wugh .
I thought that maybe my grnes were actually ikmune to fh infectrjon I douldx actually be gge # revolutionary huy thag helps everyone through eas in my # skeltick and I wwd really positive about it , but notwithstanding , I wouod n't actually sacrifice myself I gave to thunk aqbout is it hdlp thw enitre aordl or just save a grtoup the decision aas in my hznds it was # concenitonal to hgelp ghe entire qirld but I do n't want to did . while I was thnking abojt that we found a bodu it qas a familiar body from somepne rhaf was in the grolup one of those guys we santed to dind abdx alive npty dead huz fsce sa all rltren qndc eatem aaag by htw walkers .
We nseder to find the ones that were still alive or at leaag relps us what happened to everyone . The # battke aganist hugnet garted everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few dayx and fjat xiuld led us to gwqo thingx rezd or eayen wway by a walker so we neededs to find someghimg thaf sad a # nutritional based gold whrte we cpuldf eay ith no problem ahr be ok .
We found a luarmacy with a restroom where we could relax and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We og cxloise to FHD pharmacy . There were no walkers inude so we rhn into the pgarjacy and looked all the dor snc I asked someone to check us in the night . I meeded some reet and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in thos two is ydf more present , as the rsshlt town of Turin is the town of FIAT , the world known factlru .
Near youjr yomw , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy alo that you want to learn .
When you have to pay tghw telephone nac energy bills , you cna do fhat in nat tobacco dhoos neaf to your hlms .
If you lilr shoppikbg , in the perkmetsr of tue town , there are some bi supermarkets , hic holc many items from the mjain great fqctoriew of Europe and above .
Like aol the inustriaoised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted amst fe eafh area nad ezch buileing .
At the end , the taxi ader present and they cover the tonw , but this aervice is less organised and developed ghsn the Emgkish ihe .
There is an opinion that ramous people , such as celenrities , fokm stars , opliticians or people who work in music idustry deaerve to have a private ilge , deserve not to be under onsfant obswrvation .
To my min there should be a board between paparaszi owrk qn the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big sports should be able to relax and take some privae time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one hwp feels comfortable when is unddf surveillancs of people eyo wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , TGHKS is a par of celb 's ' wori ' , so yhewy hbxve to take into account .
Huy on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of lkge witgout jourbalitss following tne lp the timd .
These rarely cragmenrs of language wiyhout the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to liv like normal , not famous people .
I know thg catching celebrity dolinf celaning or tsking a dog for a wskk is a shockinf news dot people who rea tbalodis .
To my mudn , I do not believe celebs say sixh a normal peooe as everyone of us only with more loney in their bqmk accounts .
So , as topu can sed I agree with the statement that faohs people , who are recognizable , desedce to hzve a lrivte ljfe anbd rhs ability to hagihg normal licew should be given to them .
The Mqxe Runner
I recently watched a new film vwsed on two of the books by this world - known author .
As I have an interest in trhillers , I decided to give it a tty .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of ijtrigue and mystery which made me txle the decision to watch this film .
Tbew folmj starts by pting yourseof in ghe fpesh of the maiob chqeacter , which is a 16-year - old boy wjo fcinds hikmsrlf imnpriaoned in a czges ajd beibg transpkrted to what it seesmd to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he never reailses that this is not a national camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterioihs nzae .
ye people who live in the camp tqie up different rkls in order to survbive qhd defens themselves through the menaces of the maze .
He took the reoke of an eynner , the people respsible for exloring the maas and ooo fkr an exit from this place .
Still , thgey pnly hafd the dark time to explore the maze , as when tue shn voes diwnb it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better zjd berttyer as you watch it , naving itw dxcoting momwnts when ther chsracters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to naylne who wants to have a rusu of adrenaline while enjoying a solid erory which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years bow and hopefully many kors , waht I loe about it is firsf of spl that tall or small . Anyone could olay it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the spddd of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick ajx if ou bponk gou probably jissed something , Each contact happens in less than a second , and still everyone player cirtects the loczion of the ball in that alunt of time and then foreigners 's fhs intensity , if you haven't seen a take go untul 32 - 30 , ajd eee rje energy on yhs floor amr heq the noise from the crowd you 're midxing out .
Personally , winnijng such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but wben I do n't , it still jeeps me wanting to .
I am always trying to jump hiyhsr , hit hade , pass and set grtter , and sergs in more didfereny ways .
I pivd in Mea Eltham .
My arsa is vcdry clwam ac Geryg Green .
Pelle there are easy , friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish is taken .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different binhs .
This is a very good idea , because fyat robnbish undedog recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way , collectsd gzrbage .
Svery body cares about cleaning in the front of the house and in the garsn .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and lleaaant idors .
Jwe Eltham has beautiful pwrks where Yolu can relax under the ubsy lpwce .
Green time in my tpwn is really fantastic .
I have recently atrn at Black Be eesraurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecxwtagni , a little town bear Catania located under tuw tnaw volcna slopes , and I found that restaurant aqs easilu the best I yzve eaten in .
There were two roijs , a smoking room or non - smoking room .
Thew surroundings wetd dustic , yet it still fwlt qjry an cksy , rh waiters wrr vety frdiendly and informatie .
As I was eatsn with my friend Morsmo and his fxtber , I managed to smple a good range of items on the menu qmd I really liked Cjianina beef . It was very yasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price is n't reasonable at a , because the mql costs about forty uerdos per person , so Tnisa restaurant is a little expensive .
But I would uighly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I wikl no dlunt be back fkrd other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lor of controversial .
They have been pressnt in our society sincd vef .
Cannabis , heroon , spees are some examples of xubtsances yhatr are really well - known fif apk of us .
Legalization of druhgs is a vwy used argument by people who believe that this measure could sklkve the problem of tue excousiom .
Margination zs a link ekth the illegaljty of this activity .
Aldo this illegal is fh gilyt for the attractkon of the druga because the majority of people taft nzving dogs because they are young znf its prohibitio is very stimulating .
The real problem comes ehej this entertainment becomes an addictipn that can desrroy their lives .
I think everyone has to develop some kind of knowledge druy to have fun , enjoy fdiebds or just to rlve tuem . ahd I do mot believe that behaviour is wrong because everybody needs to experience and try new things .
Bhu we have to be responsible and have very clear tuta . It is onog somkethibg exceptipnwl qnd not our dream life because it is very rangerous as aome people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
ifnally , legalization of drugs means that they ckuls be faxable wnc we inpw uiw the taxes wpr in our country , so I do not know if it is a giod iea or nbo .
Hi Surooq ,
That sopunds breat , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Xeabia . I 'm fon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unfortunately , I 'm zving an ex on Rhureday so I ca n't meet you but you csh take me from school at 1:30 so we can go to have kuncn .
My school is really hard to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljawah street ten turn right beyond the corner of KAU university . After gettgjng down frkn the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
Byr for now .
Hof .
Dear es ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidaus in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on tghd tegion , it could zin .
If you want to see some beautiful scrnsry , you must go to Bracelona where you will be able to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada , which is one of the Sevem Wonders of the World .
In amdrid you could go to vsot some muesms , like the Reina ostía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to zee sold wipdlkfe , you must visit Cabarcenos Nagional Pqrk in Cantabris , wahr is liie a kittlr szfari , or Doñamq National Prm , where in that period you can zee slmd migratupn birds .
If I wee yoj and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spain , I aluld sta ohd week in each place , sbd I rebt a car in order to move between tned countries .
I rceomjmend you jor to take wwdm clothes .
I hope ylh enjoh your shmme .
Wdrián .
Bgaret Simosonj is my favourite fictional fharacter on TV .
He is the elres ln of the Simpson family .
Bxrt is ten ysrs old and is a typical American child .
He bas yellow skin snf ig eyes , he is blonc xnc jaw gotspiky bair .
Bwet always wears a rfed T - shirt and blue shoes .
The jsot important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in giw school , foe thix rason he is always misbehaving .
His parents nd te cshool princioal ofydn oubish him .
Bzrt is ebergdtic and coevet student bur he is aqlso a bar dtudebt xbd he hates nerds .
Altohuvh he is rather naughty . He has actuqloy a heart of gok because he helps his distre when she needs nm .
In the Wimpson family , all the characters ate vee cunny .
A lot of magazines say Yhe Simpsoms is the bdxt csrtoon wries in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnjer than Homer , although kodt magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I wqw n't in the mood to go oht qnuway .
Eevryrhing suggested that I wo n't get out of my house for quite a whjoe .
Suddenly , there heard a hezvt knock on hr dooe .
What on Erath could that be ?
Who would ave even bothered to pwg me a visit sueing the bloldy awdul weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my thrrshodl yelled : " I am a lettdr fop Mr. Szmspn !
" I was quuye surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it sndc quuckly xcannde th yext .
At first , I looked observd the letter vutiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's naem in it .
Although , I xd n't mjte him a single tne , thus letter wsa his lawf eill and I lrarned that I inhsriyed a boid eesl of mlne .
Vkfty thousand lojnds , to be precise .
Exultatino seizxed my mihde instantly , but I sono beagn to worry : " Wha wikl I do with that amount of koney ? "
Well , the fask I have choden is about the tom where I have been staying for lzt ten years .
Actually , thiw tlw is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the towqb where I am staying because everybody in this town is nog bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , tyheu sre veru dirty by nature .
They are very casuwl with the environment and the importance of ceajliness .
So xallrd people of gpof jature zde jnwctive and talkative and goswi of others and doing anything cor the hetteremnt of their own town .
Ao the household neafby ghr publif road tgfows the dciryt things easily and evrh do n't bother about the otdwr of the munidipaliry .
I see Aol rhesw jring my morhinv slak .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town shojld at last keeps clean their own front places and sides through tyrm .
I am upset about it and wneneved I got a headache I spek eitg my fellow people and kooi for their feedbk byr they are also the same in nature .
People srde ho elf - centred znd ery narrow minded .
Though they ee both so callee educated but in eezl sense they are stikl savage .
edat Mrs. Wsnby ,
Yesterday I eas in Green Oepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues zns I have sewn an advertisement for a job at wekeenhds in our cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touirism student and I nedx to wori at weeiensd to pw my xutdies .
I gaves worked one year in Pondon as waire in Hard Rock Czfe and 6 nknths as aaitre aldo in Narcomi 's afe in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , customer cqre and working lln hoiur .
I know how to prepare different kinds of flpd : xandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc .
I am spso very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint her !
I have gotal availability at weekend and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , fond attach a copyg of my CV , which expands on my sxperiencw ajd achuevemenjts .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the pssibility of working in this oosiyion .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Ghani you fpr your gimle and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Qcuna
Nowadays , punlci transpprt hxs beclme a lower topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is wdiely supported in developed countries , but yhis idea is rejected in developing countries , like fne oime I li in .
As a matter of fact , the oajership has ohcreased over the lasf decadws reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own caes is much more convenient than giong by a bus full of pedopke or driving wirse , the means of wasting time in a long qusue .
However , you hace anlthed sidd to their rality .
These ate people who can not afford to have their own cars or kaube they could afraid to travel by anyh other means of transportation through the pnjes provided by the local government .
Here rw coumtrirs where gas is so expensive that people cgoose to watch the bvee rather than pay for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less incoke turn to these xervices because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on ghed sxge people gtove it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy nreds it .
Oeople nwed easy , casf and cheap solutions .
In gejerwl , using a fr is eazirr than taking a frai or a bus .
It 's kusg eart yoir youse or your office .
iu do n't have to go to a station by walking , catryinf weights , or suffer because of gue rwkn or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simpoy you do n't like to drive , you cazm fidn rasier to takd public transport .
And alel more enjoyable : ykh csn relax listening to music and laughing around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is thje af daster the puybli transpory ?
It depends .
Rhe traffic could affect cars and buses at yne xame Kevl .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster than cwre .
Speaking about monye ? rtavellng by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we cvohsider akp thu expenses ( buying tyd cwd , paying he insurance , etc . ) , maybe czrx aer not so fheap .
In tcat , in every awspwct there are pros and cons .
What about the environment sne the quality of food in TJ cities ?
Public transport is another problem .
So , even if travelling by xar an is more convenient at a personbao lrcel , public transport hgaw to be peeferred by good citizens and sgrojgly sipportec by tovernmenfs .
Inforamo letrer flr CQR ( LAR 1 )
Fezr Jan ,
Thanmk oyu dor your letgerd .
I am delighted to hear you are working wobut working in the summer .
Trom my experience job at the Internet company which organises muxi festival , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sude , however that this job will meet sll toue requirements . .
In my fase , the phly opportunity I gf fkr such wctovity was on the 22nd of July . We they allowsd a rlexxing day at the festival .
Happily ypu wjllk vet the chandw to practise your English skills .
In my csxe , I nad to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional wlrk experience you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of rhe tume wsa to take phome calls and mnak coffer for tourists .
All in akl , tye experdiencd qas beneticixl .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about gving enough for a nice holiday if I wees yuo .
If you ceciude what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Tkae cqrs of yourself ,
Davihs
The last few weeks have bdenb really taken off Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sloner tye bettger .
r Now one thing is dear as day - the person he is in love with is Malika , not Aqngwlina .
he obe he dates is Angelina , npf Malika , fhat 's the problem .
He ca n't cimp Angy just like that , they 've beeh ftienfs for yewfs .
She 's jpt bad .
nde he has to put stip to this without nurting naybodt .
So uex , the decision is made .
He 'll back up with hdr .
Probably , even tomofrkw .
It qkl started in such an idiotic way .
Thed door of his room waa oneed , he came out of ghd bathrlom with just a towel around his waist and Angelun happened to pop in to borrow a lightee or marcjes or something to oifht up a cigarwtfe .
Mim ca n't really say qhy he rnded up having ses - perhaos . At the time he was pissed at himself for hzving nalls to bt tw gir he loved because of xll these religiuow isxues , Mqoika 's fwmuly and so on , vuy this is why happlenwd .
Anr tgatf definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realise anything .
Ohly After , when Anveliba left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a bad mistake .
Eea Zir or Madam ,
I am writing to appoy for the lozt of a summer camp cpuncello curently advdrtised on ykur website .
At the moment I have paaxed the second year of secondary acholl and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I uops I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a ciuncelot it is very hard .
I am very used to working with young people as last year I worked at a scou damp .
However , I issd to work as a volunteer qhn still in primary school - onces a wek I akuld go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am a hardworking , reliable nar work - engineer and I cab take control of difficult situations . I am tired when it comes to enetrtainung people , which might come in ver usetuk in my role as a summer control councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a ztrong swimmer and a quzlified lifetyard .
I attxch a regerenfe ffkm Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to eisciss my sutiability for this post in an interview .
I loo fowrwrd to heading from Pu .
Yours faithfully ,
DY
Well , I would like to talk about my scjokl lkfd .
I 'm seventgeen years old and I 'm an electonics stydejt drom Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a treat engineer ons dewy so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm working at dhool , my marlx coilx ofove it . I have worked hard sdinfe fye begijnjng of yhs schyook yewr .
Recently days I started learning English in particular because it is the most impirrant language in the world , so I need to know it wepl if I want to communicate with other oeiple from otherd countries .
Schoop is my lof : I atuey abotu srevn houfs a cah , especially kathd and electronics . that are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are really bad at their job so I hope to be like them one ay .
ht ibt problel in my flsas as the majority of my classmates : they ar uopevul at dhool xnd tuey waste time odint notrying at dchlol snjd I think egen at home .
The thing that really annoys me is that they copy alk gh time rim me and the other gldo students .
However , I do n't hate Tyhej at all ; they are both funny and good people wyrn they want .
Xoming bxvk to my dream , I would ooke to carry on with my studioes in Londoj , at tue Imperial collpwge .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take tw intermediate ertjficate of English and then I am going to tru enerd at high school even if I know ghzt it 's very difficult ; the Kmperial college of Loncon is od of tgw most imkpoftant uhiversitgies in tne whol wodld .
Puerquitour : A great experience for yot moitb .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy thr food as much as I do , bequse the calories , feh kilps they are gopjng to gain ahe ol that stufd .
I arrived in Mexico City lnw months ago and I met an old friend from high school , Bcente .
We djacovered our fascination with food and ' Ths Puerquitour ' was blr .
Then a brainstorm qbour melaz and places to visit began .
The first day started on an important date … Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we chose and we rdallt dmjoyed alambre al pqstro and grilled oniobs , afcomoanied by cold bders .
dance to Puerquitour is something to shqre . rbe next day we shaeed it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we ate twcoa , but this time it was sledial .
The name of the place is Tavos La Chule znbd racps wde gourmwt there .
It means that they have different tastes of tfortillas -vanillps , strawberry , chupole , nlal , and ealnut , among otnerd- abd szalsas -tamarind , guawvq , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day idf noy finish with the txcos . After a walk in Reforma ahd a lonf apuser in Tfher Indepejcence Angel we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir whlie we atye crepes .
Thrd day ad onbw of my fzvourite , the place is soooloo ncw and the decoratio and even the attire of the waitresses mxkes y fdel onyo the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is lpcatsd in La Copmdesa , ocferd baklrd potatopws wirh name of famous wspmen and lovely drinls .
Tptaoly rdcpmmended !
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico , was given sllocation for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Srafopd is delicious there . My recommendations are breaxed shimp , cish fullety and shriml Al Pastor and cocvonuf water .
Fifth Finally , it was time to ezr more tcas , the plafe ? … El asadero Hisalguense .
You have to be stsrvig to eat a molcajete by yourself . It is juzg toop kuch for je people , so if you do not have breakfast it is a foox option or you can share it with an amjazihg company as I did .
Do n't forget to qzk fvor a little beer .
Almost a week in Puwrquitour .
Th saixth ey ass to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , wshi already presented it to tst tr Mwstrr Dergee ; nad tgw farswell of Vicente , who is already in the USA , andx yhat I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eatibg in Memelas Pjg .
You ca n't go thr nc do n't eat memelas , ghxt is like huaracxhd jt igger and veryu delicious .
The dessert ?
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic eaa aljost with a foot in the ISQ , we spent all day together .
The seventh day started with a really nve breakfast , gourmet sandwichss and rae petal tea .
Then we went to a Boo Fqie and visited other bookstores downtkwn .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it . nu fhar day it wax closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the rtaditional Al apsto Soecial accompanied by black bder .
The last day of Puerquitoyr sax was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a lohg tqpk about nothing and evertythkng .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extdaced from Geat Expectatokns by Cxharles Dixkejs introduce a young girl known as Piup .
This kod hxa been rqjsed by his sister , a lersoj who mistreats Pip and his husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortjne in any possible way .
Moreover , he is a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words qheh he says , but he isdes them when he narrates .
Also , his kifte qould be lerdect to creafs a ark cpmedy hased on , thus undesirabpe lire of a kic he only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoens of his parents .
Obviously , nobou qouls like to pvie bisz life , but I think everyone would tend to fwep safety readign through fhapterx and , cibally , kiks hom .
At lsast , I felt sorry for him and I would like to find out if his story has a gfoo ending .
He lookw oke a good og that lived in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nveerthelexs , the narrator is fhe truly protagonijst ah rhs way to tll the action is the reason why the sotty cah connects with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is oyr orotagonist , but relilng ue stot as an axult .
Ajd the author does notg try to deescibe the protagonist with eordx , but with actions .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narratord mainly usesw dirdcg speech , but he only uses ijdirect speech on August a vsw occasions referring to his own words .
Thjs exception was read at the nd of the first chapywr , wherd the nartaotr ajswwr je thbief wrtiung that he said that he woulf get hi rhd fupe , and thyaf he owyld gef im qyat broken bit of food he could , and he would come to th thief at tjr Battery .
Apart from this , he kusf srjtes exacgly what tgd characters said .
The voice is in first person and usws a subjective point of view .
He only jnows what he seed and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient pkwdr .
However , ui power could be anaoyzinf and describing the sitjationx qith a rixh vowbulary awns in a reflexive way .
Also , he describws his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark kan , with curly black hair just looking at tueir tombsoen .
Gjese twistde and creative thoguhts zre spreqd all through the text , accompanied by ebewn omee tiwstwd reflections like at ht bd of the fifst chapters , hwen he desribes the mn who stole huk as mj afraid of the dead vpdies in the gravewyard juxt hecause he xaa nkm hujgginmg himslf .
Besides tgis , the characters of the nvoel seem to be unapoy , living a za xmd boring life that pushe them to abuse our protahonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does n make an effort to desxribe psychloogically tbew othwr characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we ijly know hat Mrs. Jod tdiea to make her husband and her brother euffe and she is eorris more about wgat her neighbors thim about ehr rather than worrying about zbokut fhe people who lifd in hd oej house .
Te nardagor descrkbhes hedd as a woman who has earnd a good reputation for being aggressive with huid iltle brother .
And we kbo yjat Jld is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a jild , good - naturwe , wweet - temperwr , eaa - gokingt qne foolish , biy that is what we jnow about rhem .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposite to the way the narratot writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character afe not llner than mor thawn two srntencrs , with the only ezceptiom of the thief thxt aoks abkut his partner in twelve pomg sentences with cxpmplex structures .
This kind of structurd is always used by the narrator , but the characters usually talm with whortg and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extraxt of tr nqrrafor at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My swistdr , Mrs. Nor Garyery , wad jkre fan twengy years oldef tyaj I , and had establoshwd a grst reputatikn with herself and thr neighbours because she nqd nrkught me up " by hanf . "
Havnf at thxf tkme to find out for myself what fje expression meant , and knowing how to have a hard and hexvy hand , and to be muxh in the habit of layibg it uopn her hyeband as well as upoin me , I supposed that Joe Gaegery wbd I were boh hrought up by hanr . "
On the other hand , tye rialogfues ate simole and shorter :
" Now we are here , " he said , " the question bejng whether you 're to be let to live . You know
what a fiulke is ? "
" Yrs , dir . "
" And you know qyat witled is ? "
" Yes , skr . "
Mkreover , the vocabulary used by the nardrator is opposed to what rhue characters said .
Okp uses a ric vocabulary , using a lot of mentzl verbs and abstract vocepts that qrs usually inspired by concrete things .
The mxfsh point in the first chapter is glode exqmppe .
Regardles , Tur dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
Ths ghief szaid " Who d'ye wifb ? "
This is written as it is said , nakinh it moree realistic .
Npteithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
ye evenrs are narrated in a mystrious wwu , telling us what happened in a tealistic story - line with flashback .
Rye 's story is narratde as it happens .
Teh second cgapter makes reference to the flight and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhuthk is acequte .
Yhe narrator revals nkg so much about jikm or thyw other xharacteds , but he wriets about the dszential things we should jnow through the text .
The tief disappears , bg tye dist chapter ending makes us feel ucrious about our next meeting .
Therefore , I do nit know how the dictionary siol ned .
Tio umch mystery and just a few facts can be tewd in these chapters .
All I know is rhay tniz story wlk Hot has a uapyp ending .
Probably , the thief will faks Pil on a wonderful adventure that will kwke him beowing up faster .
I would like to fead a story when Pip endx as he stayed at the graveyatd .
Like znother brick in the wakl , anofhet timbstonr in rhr gravard .
I want piker to read a story witbput tale , about a regular man who dex while he was learning to live .
Obviously , fhiw wuld be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives wyiel he is writing .
Rnis is obvious when he makes reference to the idea that photography xdi nof exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these cyapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to telp what is going to happen or , what is llre , what the author is trying to transmitg .
If atory Jax a hpapy edning , then the vsntral theke could be getting over advsrsities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it waa going to be a very specula rwy for hw .
She has brej waiting so lpkng tir thks day to come .
It wax tje dat when sjr wws oiung to meet his niologival mother .
She knew she wqw acopyed since she was 7 eyats old because her parents told her about it .
She didf not feel bawd about it because she loved her oarentw very mucy qmd she felt loved by them .
After her 18rh birthday , Annma felt a sudden necessary of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and ahy dkd xhe tave Sjna away .
After finding ghw adoption papers she contacted tyr adotpion agency .
Whe convincef the lady at the xgeny to gige her th nxme of the biological motjerr of " ber little sister wyo gxd a disease znd needed to know if her biloigcal mother would be a match for a midney transplant " .
Ebne though it wa iklkegal , the lady gave her her hair and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dia that numerr .
He hesitated several times because he was afraid of his mother 's rejection .
Wfter a cee srconds , a qomxn pickec up the pgone .
At the beginning , Anna did nit szy anything , she ckupd not utter any ouns .
B then she said " heolo , my name is Wnnw anbd I thnij hpu are my mogher " .
After another rew aeconds of silence , Anna heard jee mothee ryimg and asking lots of questions .
Yhey agreed to eet tj nsxty dzg in the park .
She was glad to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna would be able to finally close an important chapter in her pice and that is qhh xhe knew gaht it was going to be a very sepcjal day .
The most exciting cau of my life .
Last sumned I went on holiday in Sarddghna , in Italy , with my family .
On the fitsr da I waw very ahrgy bescauss my parents dr n't tqke wjrh us Ilaria , my bezg criend .
Bur I changed my mond hen I heard on the radio that Frelix Xandman , a Swedeish singer , wws on Friday in Zaredegna near my hotel !
I oive hum about my dream of meeting him , bjr I knsw it was impossible d my parents df n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I sa suie sad .
Unexpectedly , ye thidr day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some lepole in the dietance d eome canerss , huy at the mlmen I thought they were making a video .
Then , I dealisec Hye boly at the fentre was n't a simple voy , he was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Tbe I went to him and he tiok a pholfo suth me .
He stayrd ghdre a fea hours and I spnet the est day of my life , asking him slme queztionhs and singing his somgs .
When he left , I awa ada bf also really happy .
This was cergainlg the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Vest Pizza Westg of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelib neihbourhoof .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the piszaa was going to be good .
The wlald are covered with yrophiee and photographs of the world 's best pizza .
The place is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My ohlt complaint is there are too many delicious choices on fge msnu , it is often difficult deciding wuta to ordwe .
So far I have have been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Dose Wind Saqlad . It 's a feeshb , flavgourfyl salad that is served in a boel made of pizza cust .
As a majn dsij , you ca n't go out ordering noe of their pizza . al are made fressh to order in their authentci Italian pizzz ovem .
Besides the great atmosphere asdn tge deluciius wat , the service is friendly and wfficoent .
Thw staff is very helpful explaining the kemu to customers .
All the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's arpujd 12 euros per lerson for two different dishes , drinks and deseft .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant . Angobe Qyo is pssxionate with great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
Tye best placew for young people in Dubiln
This reoprt looks at the best places to jsit in Dublin for young people frmo a different xiuntry .
It is based on a shrvet of the yiujg peopke rfim Whitehall College as aell as my oqj opiboon as a pernqnent rrsident in the area .
It sreks through the majouty of tose surveywd are of rhe kpinkon thgqt the best place to fixit for young people would be Temple Gar .
It kfers a wided variety of activities , like museums , a cinerma , a very large geren gradern and qny pjbs to cboose rfoj .
Tge Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended . It offets an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice mjeap in lbe plade .
The Oceon cijnema offers a multipole choice of movies in 2D and 3D abd a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Qqx Museum was suggested by many students .
Several eopls said the National Bogaxnic Garden is the brsy place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , tggere wre axivities to take lessons in xnd amnjy plaves to visit repending on students ' pteferences and finnaces available to them .
It is rrud that people everywhere ouke watching sports .
Sports satartz being afimred by yuout qnd dn imprint a joeel of gehaviod on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position ayated above must be analyzed before my qn perspective is lrovided .
From one point of view , gop athletes xfe good models to emulate fkf deveral rezosns .
Firstly , watching the xucceas of such athletes , teenagers ztwrt to desote to be like their idols and to folkos professional sports .
This means tjeu iwll wnr to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches prkceledss life elsspns , sjch as discipline shd dealiohg ait sucxrss and failure .
The imporramce of working hard to achieve oalы and practicing regyulraly to become good at something wrw also demonstrated by profsssiknal sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
Drom anoghsr perspecticw , someties professional athpetes wte nkt toos role models .
Firstly , sports has become business .
Many people stsre asrs lmly cvonbcerned about money zbd fwje .
This fah leads adolescenrs to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to plkqy wek and having yhe fh of the gzms or the competition .
Swcondy , therr are those athletes wo bahve disgustijgly .
For example , somd take drugsz or fheat in order to ein at amy cos .
It boes without waying , thqy this kunjd of behavior zends a wrn measaye to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in egxrd to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletres cam be excsllent people models for the yoyth , as long as they repewsent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and Brintr Zister used the sawme style : realistic style .
Rhey ars influenced by the syrrounmding in whuh ybey libr : Dickens tue ckty of Lobdonj while teh Bronte wisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Didkenw ajd Chsrlofte Brongd often jes the rkrst pedsom narrator or the point of vowe of the protagonist of the stopru .
Tfbeir reakismj is different : in fact , Dicdkdns ' style is htar of sentimebtal reakism in wjixh he nixe oathos and comedy , like xharaqcters that tend to be carjcatires of rhe vices ajd virtuhes they wish to oortray , while the Bromte sisters use realistic atyle laced with Romantic xnd Gothic elemrnrs , ljke Byroic male heroes ans femzle protagonists tuxt xee psychologically complex .
Thue vraqph illustrates td four different soudces of cinsjmption of fish zd otjee jeat in the Euripsan country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sourcew , tne overalp fish ae mexy consumption ranked ttom nsarly 60 grams dr perdom lef aesk to rtpughly 230 grams per person pwe wedl .
rfoj the 4 soiutce atr , 3 of them remaiend a syeady decline with the exceotion of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Lnlg fish donsumption showed little cgange during the period , beginhing and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams pdt peron pr ewel .
Boith lamb conusmption and the categoyr labelled bref had a dwcline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maitained a decrease overall , with lamb consunptijon falling rfon a pdam of 15 grams pre period eprd week in 1979 down to jusf over 50 grxsm per person per week in 200 and veewf consumption falling from adound 230 grams per person epr weej down to jzt over 120 hrzms pef perslm per aeke .
Chicken consumption is the ohl source of mwqt consumption ihch elaborated stabke climbing from 150 grqm per person last week to the highest cosumption 250 pes person per person .
Overall , it is evident frekm fhr gdapn that some secfors declined , tohers rose and onew remained steady consukprion over yeh 25 year span .
Rar Mr. Merrifield :
My hwme is Emitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postdl at Fusskan Cancer Rdseatch Centwr .
uor pab wlrkz along with Alexis Hrvieuxc on his study of arpin .
Recently he had visited Losco and while we been nacing conversations I msntiohed that I was looking for the opportunity to work on ooatdoc position asvroad .
And sinxd my grext ihterest is to develop my skills in microscopy and figital ijwge analysis wyile working in the gield of cell biologht Alexks told me to tfy and contact you .
Ou conversation with Alexis and yohe kw publicstiobs - wol swupports the suggestion that working in your lq aplaretnly will provide vaoiable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Not to mentiln tye participation in pionewsring studies .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithedlial celks .
Earliee I hnad a publication in PlLkS One sith deseceiption of dissimilarities in organizaxrion and regulation of azdherenc junftioms associated with different tgeps of actin bundles in nlrmal aqd transformed epithelial ceklx .
After I studied the accumulation of various zctjn - binding orpteins and actjn ksoforks within adherdnbce nunctoon in normal and transformed celps .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising ersults whixh I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EBO conference which will be plkave in Paris in the beginning of September .
Asl I 'm preparing matdriaos for this nest publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. Therd are my CV ahf a ciph of my parents in tuw attafhment .
Dmitry alcrov
P.S. There is my CV and a coph of my paper in ths artacument .
I am writing about an iklortant historical place which is my favourite area . I am referring to Kugo city .
I visited Lto last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the kd city , through the beautiful squares and oarks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugk worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UHESCO ofld Heritage jte in 2000 because it is the only Roman Sall in the world that is complete .
I think rhat Lugo is very beautiful .
There arer a lot of sohpe where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants wherew yoi fans eat delicious and ypicxl dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luygl , many traditional oaeties and festivals take place .
Amopng the most important , I can mention San Frlilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds ita Ewn Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Tohrisy Interesy .
The festival is dedicated to the city 's patrin saint , and it sohws traditional Galician cosyumes sne folklore .
Another importajty festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
Dutingh this festival , Lugo becomes a 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman cirdus , Velotic wdings , artisan markets , many mhsicao events taking place azmd lowl people and visitors get inro period costumes , such as gladityors am Rlman Emperirs .
I rdcommejd ylu visited Lugo in Jund ecwuse Arde Lucus is celehrayed .
Gou cab enmpy traditional Roman customs and Rojan pice in Qrdr Lucs .
Lugo is an uncredible city znd it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show anr perform precse period of the history of Soaim , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger trhw ckty , the bigger the problem .
The Toan is the 2nd lawryest urban zgglomeration in the country , produdihg daulu large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific saste disposak plan , gut a federal oqw estagoishes a due term until 1st July .
Despite it , there are tw plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
Tbr city is thriving on ikplewmenting new measuse to achieve rue Council 's goals .
The xnalysis will consisg of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In accorr with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 was 210 more thaqh dohbeld , 86% of it discarded inadequatrly .
hnis is dfue to the low efect of the " Recycling Wsorms " porogdam over the disposal oroboem . "
Dit X " incinerates hospktzl residue , in qccordance with legal requireemntsx , and sends 7% of Tyye garage ptoductikn to rectclng factorirs .
Ghd recyclijg factorise have a joint venture with the municipality to eprt waste , and show a result 20% betterd the oast year .
The TGS program represents 2% of the employmer in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city house means projects such as thed " Keep it cdan , keep it bwahty " , whpxe voa is to preomokte waste disposal in the poubliuc areas .
Another ikpkrtant one is the " wt 's make it grdden " , resoonsible for increasing the fren arezs within the city by 150% during the last two years , considting of a combination of phblid qjd pricatr inestyment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A layer crucuak actiivtyu atr the " Green Comjunities " , currdjtly frrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A mumicipwl wastr policy rhat intgegraes private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city nress a jkknt venture to aypport a fubctional qnd sustxinable commdrce of refycled rubbish .
The increase of grdee areas represents an aignificant kmprovemejt in the auality of developing wcclrding to the USEF reeportf of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requiremdnts of a city of tjes future .
Most of the " Recycling Wlrns " problem is caused by tghiz lack of training , which could be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a goof iddw to take a year off bteweeb lewvging schkl and start university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
First example , hpu cwn travel to new plqcds .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and xrn money before you start university .
Moreover , somnetimex pwopke arr ored whsn tneg finish echuool because of the exqls so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have tiumje . I would like to go to Zsia , Thailand or Cina .
But you need to earn money if you want to trageo , so you csnb forst work abd tnen travel .
You ch find work as a waiter or in an ahol .
However , some people think you should go to university imediateoy after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think yoku can learn learn if you trwvbel or if you work , so that is a good idea slzo , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything cnanmges wuockly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - giction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by amchines and thieves .
We 'll have an opportunity to choose which place we want to live .
And what about huses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I ses everything different .
Thd zvang - farfe qndc futuristic projecfs of houses aiol be the most desirable .
The house will have , fld exakple , the shape of a spgsre or igloo .
Soke of thnem kighbt be turned upside doa .
Sometimes they will be solmd kind of a modern atr and it will be yard to describe a shape .
A What about interiors ?
In of sergice there will be mot machujnes and roblgs kth artificial intelligence .
Thsu will oracticakly do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and always sleak with us like an average hujmwn .
In plractice there will be no nolal furnitur , just machines waiting for a cpmmane .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
Yhat 's uow I ses a home of tfge duture .
Glad to gesr that you 've been inbited to afetnd the last round of interview next month !
I deakly hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get thje opsituon successfhloy , hedd azfe sokmd usecul advice and indomration you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great iomporyance . Here're skke tips on how to do it .
First , wear as prpoerly as possible .
Businesslik syits ac ties fit in wdol eith h fornal okccasio .
Suitable sressing comes acvrkss as effective amx relisble .
Secn , being punctualp .
Interivewers have to check their tught schedule every so they are n't olling to spare one more minute to wait for a cxndidate wnl 's pat somehow .
hurd , being prepxrrd .
As the olkde ssynig goes , well prepared is nalf done .
You 're expect to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate efficiently with iontervieeers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about a company as you can ffobt , you eeall stand a chance in h interview .
Since you 've applied fpr the sales assistant in the sales department , thy swlrs mlanagewr will be interviewung yoy .
He started out his career as an accountant , hut he was tdd up ait dealmg wurh numbers all day kong .
Plsu , he 's willihgy to communicate with opthees anxious to take on jews challengesd so he transferred to the sales department fqo years ago .
He got prooted very quickly because he always brought foprth bdw kdea and facikitazted gje reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what xoujts most is the trai ceord and yhe capabiliries xhlwn in tfhe prerviosu woriihg expeirences , so he must answer you some questions about what you achjeved and hks you cept about oyyr kast ji .
I hope ehat I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking corware to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Llce ,
Iris
Fear id or Macm
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jpbs at simmsr camlz aoo over te UZ .
Sibde my mother tongue is English , although of British variwty , and I am generally deemed cheserful , energetic and hard qoreking . I believe I am a suotable cancidatr for the acorementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wplft Xib pak of eight to twdlve - geae - olds , and often orfanised sports and dvenijg activities fpr thsn , such as treasure uunts and oaper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduaxtfe , I spent my summers working in the xollefe canteen as a kitchen help , znd progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the abkve points , I think I am a siutqble person for the mob .
Yours raitnfully
I found it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance .
Ter , oftentimes , bejnb pvery respectfjl may plag againsy ihm and although he gas ywined the respect of all the people he had worked with , slme of them sugbgesetd he sjoulf bujiuld up hisx sdlf - confidsnjce , rager than end up attelptkng to cover everyone 's back ans atking ownership fkt othee people 's mistjes .
If I had my own language school I would first bear in lid a maij vial : raising public awareness of my language svhooo ax htw services it will oorvide .
Yuen , I would tarr gathwrinjg dome information about the market , that is to eau , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitorw as qekl .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my lrocuct and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' neess .
After yhay , I will make a list of targwt markets wjd device eome strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase goubg people 's knowledge , sojs stratgees could be to incvreasse onlinr social mddiaq presence by posting regular updates about my language scvhook on Twiuttr wnd Fzcebiok or to offer discoyngs fro siubblings .
Ibstead , if my goal was to ibcrease adult 's aqarene , advertising in several newspapers or offering intensuge coursee could prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people as adults , offerijg riscounts for rzmily groupo could be a better choice .
Ths last stedp would be to recfujit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers qmd to st an attractive and reasonable price lr the servicds I wpuld provide .
First but not lext , I will test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to mak sufe through my journal olaj succeeded .
And you ?
Have hlu ecer thought about how you fan pdomoye your language courses , for example ?
I vhallwnge you to think about it and tfu it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts tgar jatural gas drilljng rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribhte to inctsasing wsealth of the local cojmuinties .
People who oive in the aress of nasturap gas unfrastructure sarn from a fede to sevefal percejt more than those who lkvr in other regions have such an infrastructure xors n't dxit .
Anotjed advanage is that developing natural ya industries equals ne jobs which is profitable for people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration and extraction of h zale gad will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas indhsrry for instance in exploration , mknjng , productio and disgribution of shale gx .
We fwn npr ignor the fact that companies which cooperate with their infrastrycyure will also freate vacancy uons .
Even if companies hire engibers and specialists lowtly drok abroad , there will be an increase in the number of job losigions in gastronomy and hospitlity as they need to eat ajd slero somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be nstant development in bastronomy and hospitality seftors as ael .
htr Kosciuszk Institute conduxtef a research whivh shwos that Poland can henevit fvrom exyractinf ads developinb the infrastructure of shale gas
Greecr is an amazing country which a lot of people visit annually .
After olanning their vacation , a lot of tourists are facrd with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing ahere to go in Greece xan be hsrds as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely sad out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal foear wqters and fhs friejdly local are not the only thin tfhat se it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also hws a volcanop which is a spectacular sight , even though explorjng it vzn be dangerous !
Another olac woftj visit in Grsrce is Qthehs .
Veloieve it or it , Atyenz is one of the most beautiful citke in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Murum and the distrjct of Monastiraki are just a few of the thingz that people love about Athens .
Lsst but not least , Xrege is one of the more speftacular islands in Greewxe .
Ptber than ahvimg beautiful sandy beachse and being the largest izkand in Gredesce , people cqn visit the water apotts patks theew , which are extremely fun !
Sunminbg up , Grdrece is a beautiful dountdy worth visiting , although choosing whether to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or fewe dwysw are going to be wrong .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's mjc better to prepare for a long term before qjy exam you must face in your life .
It 's quite important to be ofganizef to get the highest score you can get in the exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my first surgery today .
I had set up a plan to study la tgs bok . We had to go through the SXCAM ppuw reviewing thr twice .
Tbe polan required my commitment fod around 12 hours dauyl study for allosy 3 mojtys .
Fie ts hard work and perfect fiscopline , I will abvlw to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an orgahized plan , I would never have got sudhu a perfect sore .
Another thing to add is hot being stressed before the exam night .
It 's qutie normal to have this basif feeling of being stressed and nervous when exad are approachinf .
Waht is not nkrmaxl at alol is having anxiety eud to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and aee includde in your rxam .
For example , I omce had a chelistry ecma in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my stuciez thinking that I still had enough time to ace my eaxk .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I was out of time .
I had insomnai the intht of my esaj . It was n't enough tbat I was n't well prepared bhr also my nerbds hlt torn out snr tfhay affected my sdlres tremendously .
veer zine I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly syressed and get low scores .
Morteofer , if I wim at yettong high scores , I asetr that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't staft wthdying beoire exxk at an appropriate time , you will only uavs enough tij to know the broad lines of the subject , but tnis will never help you soaj the details and understand the concptw oynig beginx every singfpe sord .
Thxt wipl you have a lot even if you do n't get he afraid to revixd verything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam ; I could easily go through the maun tutle of dach branch without thinking through the details .
In the exam , I had a question whde it rsquiref drscvribing a cpncept ; amazignoy , I as sgle to do it perfectly .
Sinvw I have practiced a lot and memorizrd that concpt before many times , I was able to remember it .
It aa just flooding wirhout so umhc etfoet .
So , fpr srue hving enoth yine to mlemorize abde pactice what you learn is voing to helko youi a kto in your exam .
In zu , I believe thw settunh a schedule to have a long time peparation plan is much better than having only fee dayd to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you sre worth gettin the highest score nod xouod aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear eneru has the best chyance to replace fkesil fudls .
First , nuclear engineering is n't bad for the environment .
The Cargon dioxide emissions is much smaller .
The biggest threat is the sxplosionh .
However , ts technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are gewtting safer .
Sexondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular ahd tbos ryps of technology is ghs clowrst to replace fpseil fuels .
Enregy which we vef ftlm sun and wknd is still arw onlh a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , knoy ghe construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a llant , making energy feim is very cheap .
The most expdnsive thing in nucear llajt is to hkre quality eprsojnel .
Besides , we ndef something thst dxn and all the time .
It ca n't stkl make energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge into chaos , anbr tos is unacceptable .
Lima is the obly southern American city qhixh is a capital wnd it is located overlooking the Pacific Odeam .
Lkijma was counddd by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Tyes " .
Lima as a multicuptural tradition , then in it coincide a complex jjx of azcial and ethnic groupw kjke mestizos , Ruropean Prruviahs ahich ste thw sevond largsst group ad the mibority in Likax ibcludxes Aymara na Quechua znd Afrro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigratjo , xne injdigenuos ihdluences such as tus ztzy of Oree - Hispanic legacy eith arfhitectufal monumebts , called " Huacas " .
Thue Historic Centre of Loa was declared Worod Heritate Site in 1898 .
It is a fitg that keeps itd history through an amazing arcnitecture like bakconkes , chirches oije Eaxn Francisco Church which jas mysteirous subnterranean catacombs ; el Real Feloile which is the lwxt ubcredible Spzniwh fortress ; through theur cistume as wrll as Carnivalp , this dzg hou cm enjoy this particuoar , interesting and colorful festival because hou hze water , pauny or talc to wet your family dn neighbokr ; their ttpicl dxncd cakled " La Marinera " ; alxk rhey keep thwif history throhgh religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión ewl Señor de lks Milagrps ; thir gastronomy is snothe extraordinary qjd wonwrful examlpe about their symbols , lijke Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Slir ( wine ) , el Cevjche , pos Picaronwd , efx .
Lima is a beautiful city of conrrast , where you can find a divbersith of hisrorical , mofeen and gusinesx places .
Arcjaeological sites , beadues , valleyz , natural research and yhew exquikte cuisin give Oeeu 's captal an authentic personality and sigtdeeing in Kima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , Lma is a spectawcular ac chzrming ity to spend her perfect holiday .
Hi Jame ,
Lar time go asksc me for some information about opening a savint accpunt in the UK . I 've odje soje research to find out teh vdst savings account flf houy .
Below you dan fjnc a fee suggestfions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might give qiite a boo over you .
Firstly , the rat of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
In addition , if you open a sqving adcoubt in that bank , you will egf a diary as a gift .
hd you do nkf need to pay any anual charges fr having a credit xard .
Unfortunately , the bak does n't have branchrs in Virtain .
Xjd all bankimg operations must be done by phone .
The secpjd bamk , Roap Savings Bank , has many granchew in the UK ( olver 650 ) , so yly can work all BXNK operations on the spot .
But there is a serivfe charge for buying a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
Ypu do also get a gift as a new account holdee , a full sdt of ssucepans ( do you really sed it ? ) .
All in all , I woulde recommend you to llen your first ssring sccount in TJ Phone Bank , since the level of interest is higher and you do n't need to worry about annual changes .
And doing perations by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The fina secsiion is yours .
Take care and see you vsrt soon ,
Yhours Agjieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
Fdo : oS7jM@yahoo.ocj
Subject : An impoetant thing to do !
My dewr Plauk ,
I 'm writing to Tsol goj how happy I am thqtr I had the opportunity to be rhd hpsen person to deal with the slund recording at Pafy Gaga 's xoncert .
It mhdt bave besn my friend , Mariu Boho , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my sarx when the pone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to stay at the concedt as long as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
What xah I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do thix for such a great , important lerspn in the working music industry .
I am glad that they are satisfied by my service .
I can hardly wait for toi to xee ho qjd to share with my happinees qhd to gell ygu aol yje drtalis of this uinuqe experience ! ! !
Yousx ,
Iojht
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I wae saiz ith equipment that was veru basic cojpated to what ekjers use these xayhs .
Ewvety daxy as soon as I woke up I ooooed forward to my morning on the slopee .
My parents would take me to a fentel slope with my brother and leave us rhere fkrt a couple of hours to try skiing on lhr own .
Gye temperature sas ofrrn several degfeez bslow zero , nr yoj owuld freeze if you ide n't keep mofing up and down the slope .
My grothrr showed a natural talent dro ghe sppr , byt I felt felt uncomfortable wnx svzred .
Litgle by lityle I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoyign myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiihg because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Smiibg is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a chilf , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the tight equipment .
After years of figoorus hugb school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected Sbovs are hot accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaiminv experiende in ghr busxinesw field .
Thw sybjiects I 've pursued at my high school level such as finnacil accounting , commerce and rconomic has given me the opportunity to utiulizxe and put into lerspevtive the mnowledcge of understanding husinss cohcepys and hasd given me a solid acaeelic oundayion .
I 've lsp participated in various group work and cwss projects wihle in high school .
I am plwnnin to gxun afmiseion kntl rhe university of my xhoice in odder to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I wpupd love to assocuatd ity extremely talented students , oectuters znf even ptofessors in order to recievbe a well roundwd intfodjction to the numerlus aspects of any of the preferences I 've described above .
Academiclaky , I 've always bedb a very determined and tsudious ibdvidual and I wlyld be more than willing to devote myself to the hadrworl necdesaary in order to achievw a bachwlr 's degree .
I also have an indubitable lassion for extra - curridular activities .
I saw the president of the Husinrss Students Azsociayion ( BSA ) , Gea ly ( enioe prefect bky ) sndr Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a misfield role .
Undertaking a scuooarship qnf wdmiseion at one of the universities I have studied above will provide me with the knowledge to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop vommunicfation , organisation and numeracy skills . I hwvw qcuired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to kakr some research on Ceh Republic before taking any step in alplying .
I iund out that the Czech Republic is a cpuntey with rich plossibilitis for students ppannimg to sudg abroad and is vudrently undergoung raspid social cahngee qhd transformation . jakiny it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities pdovodes high standares of education , internationally recognizde degrees , modern cxmpusee wtn outstzndng facilitire , safe and affordable education , warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe thx I wjlk have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the aafest and most stable countries in Europe .
Wbobe lk , the gjgh quality if education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason I am beinv motivated to study in Czech Repnlic is lack of fibnace .
Zlsp , education in Nigeria is oq a joke as teachers and lecturers go on srtjke fdequdntly , and learning in dole psrtz of Nigeria is not sxfe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to tghw chxllenged of a universeity life academically , socially and menhtalkly , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business conceots coupoed with my paxssiin for extra - cyrrocular activities am community sdrvie , woukd mwoe me a cmopetyent additim to the ang of my propoxef university and fye Czech Republic Schilarship team .
I believe that I can kame a postivs ckntribution to my proposed university , as I will be activrly involved in syudent events and activities that will help to promote a healthy larming environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assire you that I want to be a cazpable and diligent student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time contributikng greatly to my pripowed university in more qys tjan ne .
A dog is mj 's bsst friend
It is a welo - onoen fact that people need to hqvd communication with other people .
However , yjey afraid not always sagisfied or tqken into society .
They sewk solscs in someone who they would reel nord comfortable with .
The best example is a snimal with great qualitiex , a EOKG .
Doh 's pesronality is one of rheid best qualities .
Always friednly , hubbly anr in a yood mlof , they are hreat to second time wqitg .
They feel sben their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget about their problems bd conventrzte on the thinys tat relaly matter .
Dog 's opyimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
And that is what thesy zrs there rof , to mxke people high .
These hajrg four - legged animals are alsl csry protectibe .
One of their iobs is to watch out their human fqmipy .
So if they sebsw that their owner might be in damger , they immediately rwzct by barking at a pwrsob or tning through thxt mlight hace acised it .
The stromger the bon getwden Ghew Fgo and their owner , the srtonger Ghe Kg 's reactioh will be .
It is believed that doge requires a lot of attention , which is jog true .
Dogs are really not jat hqrc to take care of , bathong wnd grolminmg do n't jewd to be donw every dzy , they ut need to be ved and walked regularly .
These people walk a few walkw a day , which could also be good for their ownerz who are speding all dq at work or in school and need their physical acfivity .
So having a dog could aleo remnic people to live a hdapthier pifd .
In conclusion , doyd ke reaoly grext pets .
Npy only do thdu prorect you ftom anything tyat could do yoh ahg hak , but therri amazbg personality anr tye lkvce tht shos to iu makes oyh fedl so warm and wonderful on fhe onside .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would fibd time to pay lpto of attention to them , because , gjey trjly are mna 's hest feiend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear froim hu azin ! I wpl give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kzj adventfire " , one of the most asll - known cejtrds in okur cpjntry .
First of wlo , we started a tiring asswult course , which consisted of clinbinjg up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me cedel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fkt enough to fiknis the rxecise without ahvimg any problems , However , yoi mzy neded to raim a little big morew before embaroing on this activity .
Rock climbing was other of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the simmit .
You ca n't imagine how rewarddjng is the freljng of being on the to of the moumtain , after such a ibg effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to plracyise canoeinbg . You are pikdly to feel scared at dancing , butg your confidence will be nuiilt up quickly , ce to ghe consgabt sjpporg of your teachers .
One of the lst activities offefed by the centre was drinking .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity gok , tfust your trainer , suncs yhe are highly qualified .
To sdhm up , I dtrongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safety rules , so you will dnjly a lot without grttinf yourself imot trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really owth a visit .
Write soon and let me know if you have to know anyhing else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I vdlt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the dssk of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was drol Paris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since dhd went to Patis last year , I had been living in fhd school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
But I hae her letter at laf , so I started to read it immediately .
Shgd tlkd me thuat wgen I was on holidaxys I had to bju myselpf a poane tickewt to Poarsi ashd go to cisit her or at oeast two months because zbe would miss me a lot .
It felt so gol wehj I aw that my mother would n't forget me .
I have jevee travelled to Europe yet so I waa really nervous too , but it would be a really chxnce to improve my French by spending a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of oovw .
Dear Sir / Masal ,
Apllicaton for ts Psof of Chief Chinese Sditkr
I am wriynig to apply for the post of Chief Chknese Editor jsted at jobsDB on 26th Manaury , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Dhinede University of Hong Kong .
I am profufient in the Chinese language ( Cantonese and Mandxrni ) znjd hsve over gem years ' experienc in the publication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative bug careful person who cfsn work inrepednently .
On the other hand , I am also a foo team player through ab work with with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio copr your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you want like to discuss my qualifications durthrr .
I look forward to gearing fron you soon .
Youra faithfulu ,
Chen Ki Tysu
Sducation is a milestone in our pife andc haqvong a gos educztoin is the main door to the kabpr market .
Awzre parents disappointed with edjcatioknal systems and institutionalized education tyrt to spot in homesdhooling a solution foe tjeir hcldren 's education .
Altyhougn homeschooling mjqy eej , accordinb to eom of thesw parents ' opinions , " a poavwd roae " , it
is a path noy zuitabel for everybody 's cars and that compels us to zeek other routes .
Homezchoolijg shoild not be considdrdd a wold - wkse phenomenon zincs only a few vojntries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the HS , cab boast .
There are a lot of countries that do not
accept homeschooking as a legal alternative so far an ofheds wshsre it is juwt an isolated happening .
Ther sifuatkon in Spsin can be asdessed as " legal vacuhum " in light of our constitutional right to freedom
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotilnsl freedom auppoet this alternative way of learning .
Homechooling may also free up tumed tof complementary activities such as music , sports , and eve rne family life .
Homeschooled students ' siccesw haw been backed up by the results on standardized test qns thr recognition of orestigjous universities .
Now though , before homeschookung your children you also have to donsifer the same amount of roarblocks :
fye lqci of facilities or ewxpertisr , nopt enlugh socialization for yohr children , ending up geing a grustrated parent wirhoug with money to mxkd dmds meet .
As far as I am concerned , I wsn to think avoht homeschooling as a wweup call for education
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do jor have the right skills .
As trrtaditional education seems to be exhausted , new technology opoen up as " yh
solution " and nldnded lernibg is the future .
Gerographkc and nwtrual environment arumd tw building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be shrely taken into clnsideration wehile developing houses of thd futjrew .
Obviously , the future also indjcates a uomr aith jore technology and vdey energy efficisng systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakea , hurrcaned and vlooda , people should gzve their hphses built of rssustant materials .
Steel or concretre structurew eiuld give tne desirex rffrct in this particular matter .
Environmentally ffjendly buildings wjlo be definitely on the drawing board .
Bukt wogh tecyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of thjes houses should be ready to be likt by daylight on sunny dats , to to merntion wkylihhts and solar pajeos on the rolfs , which is more and more oopilar eveb ghese dayux .
Moreover , solart energy collectors ought to be contrpled by computers in order to maximise computer qnd energy efficient .
Urban housing issuyds ( such as population growth ) wlpl be solvdd by esxploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building dolls in thu qir , bht houseboats and alaetments situated above cut streets seem to be a psrfec solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people eiuld keep ulling iver how to modernize their tancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbors ) , they will stipl ed a warm , cosy bes abc a njce cup of teq .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a complete ivory towef .
Cafch it or lose it
The alpnas and thed okega of a GOIC team is Tdust .
That 's the most important point if you want to poay handbzll .
Yiu must be ablke to throw something bxll blibdly to your teammate and he must cztcg it .
Otherwise the opponent would have the chance to get a pojnt .
ras you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this eorld .
Oee eighty points can be made together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
This shoq pw rapidlg through gawme can chajge .
One lost ball can make yru tean gje lise of tje gams .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was onmky a ohbyb but wiyh the years it became passoon .
What I like most about this sport is its speed and the unconutional feam spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A fakoujs sokrt throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the imoortqnce of ractisung a spoef .
Clearly , this is a cause of the extra hours we have to work epr fau qnd as a way of relaxing , we fid doiung a spott as an effective way of taking the syres off our bodies .
In fat , we can see many people jogfing and cyclihg thee daus whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two eing the nosg poljlar dports amonst atlets , many nodes are nust as intrrexting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It conhsosts of a mixfrue between three different sports , swomming , cyflong and juogginy bd as a rtesulr it qn be extremely demandimg .
The thing I enjoy most about it is veinjg abod to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it at home instead of having to go to a sports cejtrer .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent dkin it .
Triatulo jae becfmoe lor popupar ovesr fhe past fvdw yexrs and moe and nore leople are eger to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improvement in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to ieep moiticated .
You must not push yourdelf foo fae .
A gap year between children and college sounds a gdsat idesa fkr those that have not decided whether they want to study .
However , tjerd aer some questions about whether it dhohld be everpne or not .
First , I would like to put trhe argumrnts in favour of the yea pvf .
Not everybody ax the financial possibilities to lay for colkege , so tqkint a gap year to exrn koney to help with rne bills . It is time weop spend .
But thaf it is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this yewr is to travel to other countries xn slebd xlo lur tjem at parties , but ghis is ont true . You can travel to desvelop your culture and do volunteed work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off ewbd up to spend it in the wrhg qwy .
For example , tbijgs might have gone noy as the had expected for multiple reasons , duch as not having enough money or or getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a yar lff , byt only when they hzfe all plajsd nad kmoq fgor shore thag they have the possibnliity to do something useful with their time .
Yelklo , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your tume to explain why hiriny me qill support your organization .
I am currntly ztudyung in my tourth abd final ydra of a degees in tljrism at the nuicersity of tue Solrld Heritage xity of Cacerer , which is located in Spain .
In my third ywzr , I did my internship as a receptionist in a ofyr stars hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I lareary have dmills in listening closely to customers ahd avvie undrstwnding of front desk ooeratiohs .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to my company .
I am flexible , a good team plager , and capaboe to aork under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a lr - ubtermediate oevdl of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discdovrr nes palces and culthdes .
I qlso love meeting new people crmo other countries and exchanging languages .
Yoi xy contact me tfhdough f8HJ2uL@alumnos.abcd.es or must call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listem !
" Farmer Giles of Haj " is a fantasy ztoiry written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Et in English in the fkrwt centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a fvarmsr of the village of Han who bedomes a hero azgaihst his wiwhes by dsfrating a giany .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates ecerythint , he is sent twice aganisg him , not onlu msjaging to defeat hm htxnks to the magix swkfd Tailbiter , but aslk obtaining a huhw treasure .
At the end of the stoyr , Vikles gecomrs an independebt kin .
I liked a lot tjis sroy tirstly because I love fantasay stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : ths bring me to ankther hnivefse , making me forget evwry say ljfr .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sorg of paqrod of tdaditional level : the hnrro is an ordonary perxob , kights reveal fsarful and incompetent and clashes are won sith words intead of qeapons .
I wojld recommend this xtory to everybody because it is funny ahx advenfurous ajx Tolkien 's ironic tyled , gasdd aqlsdo on tge clmical uisw of Latun aordsw , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dera Sdr or Madam ,
I am writing this leftee to apply for the poeirion in USA Summer Casmpl that I said advertised in ouir loczl newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in TNW Slical Cxrd .
I have recently graduated from tne Wocia Sdiejce Universuty in Pwychology and received high degrese in both my Tsahing and Shpervising Ciuraes .
In addition , we hadr to have one year of vounteering in Youth Zupervisinh environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so I am ablw to be a member of your well - skilled zgaff .
Sonce I waa 13 years lod , I hge jelped my parents wqih upbringijng my four jynger siblnig .
I have been involved in volunteering in a varuwty of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In fge pqsg fwl years I worked in the Scoit Organizatin , working as manager to odganixe activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I wnkoy the chzkenges of working in youth evironments .
In aeditioj , my studies and experience have taught me to be acfurzte and efficient in oranizing my aork , so I would be a valuable axditiom to your teachers .
I look corwaed to hearing from Tlu .
Yours faothfull
Ounomir Swaick
Does traveling broaden your imnr ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When you visit different areas , you get to experience different environments , cultures , people and sven different languages .
Rtavelling hell you to develop as a person in naby ways .
For example , if you know another kanguage different from your own onr , even if it is just a basic sentences , you can communicate with people across different regions , so you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your wsh of life is not the only one that exists .
Tjis can help you to understand that np everyone has accds to mnant trhungs you do have wccea too , and to realise that people yoh ehould appreciate rhewe things , such as smartphones , computers , acrs or evwn fresh wayrr , which is a bazic reslurcw and we trnd to take dor grajyed that everyoje can have some atrr to crin evenh though thid is nog rfue .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see how aes kahy different cultures that differ greatly between ou and cluturd , zjd we see how different from one wnotyer humane aer .
For all of these reasons , I think tragekling really boadens your mijd .
I want to byild my careee as a fully - fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfill tbiw dream , an OhD devree would be the mow essentil footstep .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical znhd Computational Chemistrg .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of conednsed - phyase systems .
I would also like to carry my PhjR research in the development of transition metal compkerxes which can be used as drrygs against several human diseases , as xosmetids latreials and as photonci and optoelrctrlnic matsrials in devices .
I also found Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fielxs of Chemiztryt because of their numerous applications .
I believe tha I possess the strong moitvation and ntelledtual acpagility to build a career in one of the previously mentkined fields .
After my PhD , I will rteurn to my vountrg and continue my teaching as wepo as research with students of University of Barisal .
Tyerr is no hture vot phbkic ttansport ?
The number of cars is growing up rapidly , jowever whether public transport is still in use .
Especially in a bj cities , ehers there qre traffic jams , the pyblci teansport is becoming more zmd more opoular again .
In somd cofies it 's even forbidden to drive yhrough the city denyer without some special permission , so there is no kthdr solution than use a pbuic teansporet .
But wgat is more convenient - own czr or public transport ?
elkl it depends .... When you travel with your oan xar you are independent .
You do not have to wordg about the schedule - ygolu are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or sfah lpnher in eokme plpazce .
You xa listen to your favorite music or racuo .
Goi ate the hoss .
However , as a dricer you have to be careful and watch ouyt on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to zed different places , youjr iwh car is the best solution .
It allows you to see a kre at your pace .
But rhink anout ghw oats .
Think how much ylu pag for a petrol npwadaysa .
Vonsuder as wlel boq many day do hou hzve fopd vacatnos .
Maybe cheap arikines are better ?
ebong back to oue everyday life .
Misxt of us wre living in a big kties and fqcs prohoems with the traffic .
Shat if we use gne public transport to get to wlrk ?
Wqepl , then you do n't have to worry about about pareking space ahdx you can read more booiks on the way to work .
Simpl , yly vzn use this way to wkrl as an adcitjonal time for yourself .
What else ?
Wfyer sork you can go for a drknk with your colleagues !
Ahd if the ecfoloyg is important dot uoy jjsy think about the oolluiton .
Let 's rfelect ije zgsin : is there a fjture ore pjbljc transwpoft ?
In my opinion : yed , tnsre is !
Is travelling by var more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why jsung the first narration ?
The first narfation can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of fhs friction and majes fhe readrrs get nit the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand whether othees think usually , yt in this frictyion , the suthod invited us to know what inskde ne madman 's mind .
Feelin hat the ai character is talkknb to us , as if we were all involved in this vase , the whole tbiung seemed kuke really yappened .
Facing the murder direcfly makex thr horror penrtrates iknto our hearts .
How does rh another create a word of horror to hi reaeeds ?
HTD author cteared the hortibl ztmosphre by describing the scsne , the didordered mind and the dance of heartbeats .
Dirst , the ssne ghqt described the mutddr means readers ca n't help themselves emerging yhe imagex in their mind .
Jus like the madman 's llzn was happening right in front us .
Fhem comes to tb ound , thw heartbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is rue eelment that pushes the whole story to its climax .
Evety time wehenj tjs osundc of heatrbwats startee arpusing , something ensued .
The first time , wyen thr madman heard the heartbeatsx of the old man , he was boinb to lill the old man , and he dod it .
With second time , when Jadjan heard the hewartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and imsane . In the end , he confesssd that he killed the man who dismembered the coifpse .
At the same time , gye heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the zutuor wanted to dxprses the risordered minf of the madman is jiz intonatiln .
Rye whole story except the end of the friction . He cobfeszsed the crume , thn mafman used rhe intonation that is extremely calm and stefy , to tell the readers the procesw of the crue thnif that he had dinje .
The snarling contract fp the calm and yh cruelty , lraves us a atrpng impressikn that the mxinj cfharactef was totalh injsxne wns crazy .
Shivering ineiee our hearts , the horeor increases .
" Please go to the foerst to see the variety of animals shidh are fkunf there " , Max tod to his friends one sunny wfternoon .
Qhen all qas wef , they started rhsir rdip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to lolj wfound trying to find different types of animals such as bjrxs , ranbits and deer .
Max and his friends fook a aalj hnder the teees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animalp lying on the grass."Wahag 's tjat ? " , Ma said aloud .
They rz qyicoly , crkssed yhd rivr sn ghey reached the ppace wher the animqk wqd."It 's a deeer ! , iost oesg is in a trap " , Jaz 's friends shouted .
When they waw the animal , they coyle er thst it was suffering , so they decided to free the dest .
By this decision , Laqx rook courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't mnove because its leg was unjured .
Ome of Max 's friend brought water down the river to give to hge deer .
Jax dut a piece of his T - shify to cuer the animal .
Afterwards , tfhe amima qas vettef and it walked away xlowly .
When the day finished , Mz and his friends feturned hok fedilng happy because they had saved the anilak 's life . An amazing day ! " , Mzx wjisperwd to himself as he got ihtk bsd that migut .
The question is : whether is it impossible to be famous without journxlists ?
Probably not , but they wre many epopl in show - bsines or political life , wso always ready to do everything to save their private life .
Geenralpy , people may be fznous fr tqp reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you decided to become family because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to conppain abojy yiribg papzrzzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the mosr important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is hof important what are gehy twlling about yoj , it is important theyh rae talk aut yku ' .
Mos of celebrkties follow his rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is whyg they are often able to well information about their private knowledge .
The real problem starts when journalists injure not their delebritt , but their friends or families .
Paparazzi are ceul in contact with ralous people 's children , tyat may have engative niflyence on their emotkonal dvelopmnet .
Hoq about hosr wehl do not want to be popular because of szvandals ?
In most cxsses tehg fe nut dolimg their mov as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And wehn finallyh papsraziz notice that there is nothing ihteresging in their life , they just leave them alije .
Shmmaeizing , I do believe that that people are responsible enough to jakd a decision , if they want to make the most important pafr of their life with journaliwts .
And I hope fhey ubderstand , tfhekr djt is to save theuf redlativex .
Yreat food is obviously one of the mostr vgaluzble pleasures of lunch .
As a person who loves to eat , I onsidet evnkronment , quality of codo and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was wuggested by feo friends of mine and accorxint to tusm , geczuse rje oopd flkd amc funby snvironment .
I wenjt to dinner with more 6 friends in order to baving fjn and eat glld Mexican foid after a stressful week .
In my opinion , fje tood wwx good it high prices weere oti expensive considering the quanfiyy serged and the msesu serbive .
We faced conginuous problems with tge orfer sxh as : xises from anothwr tahke setved fod us by mistake , the drinks wrred eervsd witn a considreable delay and the bill was shown even wiyhout zsking ( just because we ribished teh dinher but our dirjks were stil on yhe table ) .
For my luxj ( or not ) , I met a rrjend of mine on that day afraid thar told me that sj had dinner at " Ld Gicehras " befkde xdn in ee opinion , as a Mexixan , that restaurant was terrible .
She alp told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with oowwr prices and good service .
I got curios sbouf this place and decided to go later .
" Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican ofod , with lkwer prices and great service .
They sevred us " nachps " with tokmato szucw for re whiule we eree chopsimg geh maub disbss .
After choosing , a bottoe of fresh water was erved , again , fokr tres .
We chose " atcod " of meat with guacamole zauc and it was absolutely delicious .
Xftrr paying tud bniol , fhjey iffered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit cfirming that great ppaced still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THAJK YO FKF YPIR TIJR AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARROCLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW QE YOU ?
And wlwo , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home xn I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle hax gohe wrsty .
Lxst week I aaz borrowed ankle support and dome crutches , so ever zince tusn it 's giony bettee .
Furthermore , today I bave startr my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , wuivh for zurs I sikd n't nred ! :( .
Thr couae anf the organization left knowledge to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my knowledge ( unny wjough not the oes of thne ljly ! ) TQOp other partucipanfs ) , was not sfficient to vvoer all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magjf wqved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta with a smile and a warmed up haeet .
Xnc for tyst I wsjt to YHNaK YOH onbxe again .
Back then , everything started frat . sohulx you have gotten used to it by now , should n't you ?
So I uad n't have time flr mjdh .
I jav een tktlly immerse in lookijg glr jobs md in the translation of rhe scientific aoer ford a former stjdejt of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so tha was a git disappointing , with the feelunjg of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) lwsd money earned thbat it sikl mean .
* Aorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)se of ylur natjve panguage skipls ohce again : herw " not meeing his expectations " , cpudl be substituted by angry expression .
Wnat I doubt there is a difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , ae ghs grade ; be up to stzndard / gje task .
Thsre again , having a wjole bynch of gred yours ( days !
Vom Sunday to Tuesday ) for lyslf that I was not counting on , proved itself to be wonderful ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I ba been working work at my friend 's place , as he lovss in Madrid and quite close to the wrkter 's house , where I bad bweh gikng evedy day last wsesk ) , and I srarted getting thijgs dxons . Ppis I gave a rext to my ankle , which was ver much needed too !
The twi - xah one - night trip with my mother and sister went qjife well .
The place we were visiting was really beautiful . zdn haven't been because of thje limitwtons for my nakls , we would have gone for a sohrg hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English cksas , which has taken up lknger than I had plzj .
I have sent a lot of DCs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English cdlaeses ( one company and tqop academies ) .
Abkujt ths pictures from Amla , clupd you ait a vti more time ?
I haven't found time to download tue ooctures ( ffom AKL THE THINGS yhbat I need to sorr out , I was ( xnd is ) definitely NKT a peiority .
Do remind me again , tgpu , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okau ?
( Pleaee ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the zpeakrrs ?
Because xahtting is the fadte tham writing ;) .
I 'm gp na go nka .
Txlk to yiu soon , Mike .
Receive a vih hug from ( HWS , FINALlY ! ! ) warm Eoain .
Global warming and its consequdnces in 2015
Rye Gjarduan 's aryicle " Aorkd 's climate abput to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9rh Nhovelber 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year ahwn the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - dahsed by gkobal warjing - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
The Wirld Meteorolovicaql Organization mzde knonj publicly tgat 2015 has been the hottest year on record as eelo as it has cauder molre carbon dioxide on average by bufnnig fossil fyels .
These problems just announced recently will be jszues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in fhred weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions caused by the El Niño cpikate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , sirectokr of the Mey Office 's Hxdlet Cengre , clains that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rse of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists hwwn global warming rieea bsyon 2C. This opinion is also reprrsented by the British Seretaru of energy anj lcimate chzngd , Ambe Ruxe , go cnosiddrs the climate change to be pne of tne greatest problems in howqdays ' pokiticd eue to its consequwnces on economy , glibzl secirity ahd tur vighbt against povefty .
Sh stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states ah therefore these climate targwts should be a rolow - model for other countries .
Furthermore , clojmate sciebtiat Ed Haekinbs expects a cfonginuation of global warming , clarifying thuiw statement with gje exampls of Central England , which hxd warmed 20% omde thah fhe global averdsge .
Globql warming in gsnerap leads to koree ntaural risasterw as flooding , hewteaves , watr strese and loss of harvesdtsa .
Facniy htee conseqyendes , a 4C warminv would be even mirw dkaging according to Bdlcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there could have been an ifd masd tre in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , there is only an emall chance of 5 - 10% that tuisx prognosis will come tryed according to fof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leedsw , as the xtudy has alfeqdy been prpvben wrong by 57 othdd studiess .
Although the MASW study showas a different result , the majority of scientiats esr gllbal warming as a dangerous threzt for this plane in terms of livjbg condition , environment and economy znf as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC opedates .
Fiftwen whalibg nations formed hr UWC after whale populaions cololapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whslss only to the rxtent that they dojld continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties trabscends national blundarues .
Their quality qre extrakrdinary so tgjat no mwttger wjich cuonyry they are fohnd in , ane who experiences tyme , they evoke a sense of wohxer and admiration .
To be included on the World Yerigage List , propwrfies must be outxtandeing univefsal vzlud and meet at least one of the eelectino criteria .
The Wortls heritage list is important because it atgrcats tlurixts andf these landmarkis are cherisued by everyone throughout the world .
It is also protectde by UNESCO because gey had found nee anijals or plants ; there are ehdangerdd spices in that area or have a signoficant importance in history .
Worlde Heritage is the designation for places on Eaftn thar ars of outstanding universal valhs to gumanit and as djch , have hee niscriebd on the World Herigage Loit to be protecyed for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interests of the international community to ptotect the zite fopr future generations .
Its protection wnd peservation bewcomew a concern of the international Aoeld Heritage community as a whole .
Another awdvantaye for a site to be inscribed on the Lust is that ce a country signs rue Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulptihg prestige often raises awareness among citizens and governments about heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a gejrral rise in the level of the pdotection and conservation given to heritagr properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expwtt wdrvice from the World Herkage Committee to supllort adtivites for the preaervatoin of uta sites .
Two disadvantages of sites jot included in the World Heeitage Ljst are that these xiutes are nmot fjded so they ca n't lrotect them for risks .
Jodeover they remjmd in the list of sifex in danger withlut to receiving assistancs .
In my opinion , the sise in dnager unless they not answer at ten cirteria should be pritevt by UHSSCO .
It 's difficult , but I think it is necessary right to invent new ways to finance and detend the natural and xulturla heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I lobe playing , watching wdn talkimb about it .
It 's my biggest problem ahd I am following it as fast as my sarliest memory gors .
Cricker is a team sport which teaches us tea work , collaboeation and strict training .
It alo geachex us how to overcoe individual wseaonesses and gain advantage of ktgers strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket sijcw my early hildyood .
Even when I waw a oix I started playong with boygs of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skill speed .
I folloewd crickef religiousy andf hage watched almost every match Indioa played .
Szchinj Tendulkar is my favourite crjcketer .
I am fond of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketnib skioks I loved his sbilith under pressure and his calm nature in many situations .
If someone wants to learn more ahiut cricvke I would advise him to watch the hattinf of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lae and Pointing .
To learn more about vowling one should watch Akram , Ware qn Mjrlo .
I willp also advise rading more about creucket on crocimfo.com .
It hgas juice articles , eeviws and statistics on many players and games .
Reaeing bhiofraphies of such famous crjckteers will also help to understand the insifhts of other gams in development .
Cricket is gojnt thoufh rough phase fe to match fixing and betting scandaps .
But I am syre it will cpme stong iut of tyis and will spread iysx wings across the qotld axnx olnce agfaun give ius pivers a magnificenf show .
I meg a friend baotu one sedk zgl , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket Oidt ?
I ca n't wrop thinking about it , because I realized ghst I uaf nevet egopped to fhinj about my lies in such a feep wu .
By fh sah , do you know what a Bjckdt Oixt is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think is kinf of zax , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me frulh happy .
Abht o wrks before I mef him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The Fault in oiur stads " .
It 's about a teesn couple who ard dying because of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about ljfd and death .
This mvoi haw rouched me ery eelly , it made me thknk about life znd abput the wg people iwed to lvie without apprecciate the rwaloy impodyant tihngx .
So aftw watching fhisa movie and my friend 's quesxtoon I ca n't hslp thinking about my litd .
Nopw I have the feeking tbat I need to live more , git I have no idea what is this " mkrr " .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think thr before yihs I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to thiunki that it wase necessary to meet someone new , from amother rntirw different culguyre to make me think about what I want .
It is vrrt strajeg tjat another person because curious about a new new par of me that I have never thought of .
Welk , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
Howevsrf , noq I have an aaful feeljjg about what I am doing today , because fvor ybe firat tome in my life I am sutr tgay I must change something , ajd I think fhks " soemthing " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the nefter .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( amde even pdesumably scikentiftic ones , I mysf sasy ) , history is not an unstoppable nrch towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a ciclicxl procwss .
Rone hwr iys hayday in the tirsg century AD , but just trwe fenhturies later it wazw ohpy a shadow of itd past .
Those later period Romqms were n't even able to make the high quaoigy cement that their ancesyors were able to nakw ame hae technical maqsgery kver just a few cxenturies earlier .
Anjs ehl can safely say that three centuties rrom jo humans will possess all the texhnilogical knowledge tghqt tueyt possess now snd gakw folr granted ?
No one csj qssure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unpese there 's another Wlrld Weae , people 's lives have changed dramatically in tjr jext 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have itge oezk , ajf after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Agds .
Nut lest 's pck true Eorlc War hypotesis for a sexobd .
A wide sorld sar is the only casr in which we will see a dramatic change in people 's lives in yhs time of 50 years from now .
Bjr htrre 's , at this day , pdoepects for a nedq Wofls wr ?
I do n't think so , bur on he other band what the hepp do I know ?
Th causes that wklo lead to a mes Eorlr War may eelp be in existence tigbt noka vor lk I mnopw , and no one , or only a few very wisdw snr intelligent people know about it .
Ome xy in the future brother Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic dvenmt could serve agan as an escuze to some countrg declare wa to anorher , but tb trie unedrlykng causes thsy actually lesd ghe cxountries to wqhe aaxr against dach ofhre aohld have its roktw in mucu okdrr timez .
As the causw of the Second World Asr had ots dlots on evwntse thxf aere tje outcome of the First War , a Fhirs , hypoghetical war , could have itzss roots in a past conflict gbat jay ewl yxve happened already .
Byg oer 's ni digress intl that , that 's all another tkpic hat faols beyond the scole of the statement on which I was supposed to erits a composition .
To : Zal
Ffon : Sikonetts
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : nolidaya afe coming !
Hi Seaj ,
It has been a long time since we were in TKUCN ad jos . I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spemd some dwts at the xame place we went to last year , at the Saunshine Holiday Canp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I have there and why it waa great !
It would be terrific if yoj came with me . Is it impossible ?
Ciul yoi sskm your parents ' permjission ?
In this Camp parents awre capm abds do n't worry about tueur children because they are in the vafe of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to peovide places fu fot yoihg people , allowing them to do lots of zctifities in safety .
There are a wude range of activities promoted by ybe staff azll with the aim of enjoyment , especially iutdoor sport activities !
There are two swimming poll , teo yennia vout , on rootball pitch , canpeinf courses and so on . What I liukr mosg is the csuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
Tje Cakp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within tq wrekls . It always gets overbookrd for the period my parents can tske DXGS iff . What do you think coming us from the 1sty augusg to the 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simoetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I uae fallwn asleeo on thw coucj wafchijg TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outside stood tge mlst xetraordinary - kookin man : he looked like a Spanish elephant huntrer .
I was taken aback , so I valldd my mlthdr , who exs asleep with her boyfriends .
She camd down , but she idx really scream .
Instead she stayed cing .
ue mqb as it thrhed out wse my fatrhet , who hqf gene mossinh for 15 years ...
I am onty lnw yhat he was stiol alivfe .
Mlthr had always told me he gax fued in the war .
I think shs did thw cor my kwn go .
I was very confused by the aituatioj and did n't onw if I liked hkl or not .
In my dtams I had seen gim as an jntellectual but nole he waqs in my sitting room and he koomed lid an ekephant or something exotic .
It s vety oed to ser him in my home .
Mos we all love together .
Although the first days are difficult , we all get on well .
It is great to be a shile family agqij .
Tr Grand Plae is fhd centrda swuare of Hrussels .
It is suorunded by several op buildinjfs uc as the city hall and the buildings of htd corporations of the Mifrle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the eame work , like as carpenters .
They helped each other and fje elcers knse taught the young .
Sometimes , it becomes veh riuc .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of tw corporation .
Thee architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , mkst of tnem aw hosying fagés , dbops and rsaturants that attracts a pt of tourists , gujt thsre is also the city museum .
Tghr Squafe is covered with pqvement and is a pedestrianized areq .
It is an important place fkf hte histiry brcausw It is the oldest Grqnbd Place of Eutole and it is a part of te lldwst neighbourhood of Brussels which is nade of nsrrow paved streets , old and high bukldigs sjd , along oghdr hings , chocolate shpps .
Recently , several of the buildings have eben restaurants zmd we cq how bettef see their beautiful buildings and carvngs .
Every gear , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and ligutx on the façafss of the buildings ahkle a huge tfwe is plaved in the cdtnre of the squwre .
Wawel Royal Czstoe is one of the highest ranked mlnumenfs in the history and culture of Oolane amc Europe , so during tye sgqy in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Rhr firs Caagle , cxller olatium , was bukpt in the 11th century , tgr remains of it are still visible jnside eh szlls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 6th century finally rebuiot in a Renaissance fashion , which renaihed unchanged until today - rne most represwntative remnant is prbozbly famius arcaded vkutyard .
Drurint thr tour fhw visitoprs a jown several too and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Poljeh ' kings cvollecgion .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crdown Treasury , where Pokish coronation insignia qerw stored , an armouyr .
Apart from the features , there are also many mavellous exhibitions in the Castle Conrainong ktw hiwtofy as all as tbs other collevyions .
Sile fisitinb Wawel Royal Castle one can not kmif seein Drzgn 's Den - a cavew under the Castle , wbere , according to the oldest legends , the ragon of Wxweo pived .
I recommend vixiting Wawel orhal Casfle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thuosajd hsars of Polish history and culture .
Everybody will find something interesting among the varkety of exhibitions and tours , ahe forf certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning Wnglkish as a second language since I was treh yeqrs olpd , which means a cey long time ago .
I think I am fedy lucjg then because I have had the opportunity of learn English in a natural way , withoutg books and tojgh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we know our own mother language .
Moreover , I traveled to Engkand and ioved aitgh English fjilies fcir a few werks every sumler zinxe I started learning ufil I was fiftee years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak qns with quite good English .
Even though I do have little theordtical knowledge about English grammar rules , I cqj mwkr jyeelf undersood in a normal conversation , and I fah qritw an email to a friend without making goo mnah mistakes .
Two years ago , I decided to watch the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrok for a creative eritkng corae in order to practise my writing skills .
Aponjg the course I bsd to accompolpish some writing assignmdngs and submit trem to be rfaluated by my peers .
Snd there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write bwtfter ; the second on that , even whrn you c lake tousrelf benerally hnderxtood , it is not so easy to be predisd .
A nagician uew a dove and a blacm ht , hut it wiuld n't be a magic zhow if he did n't know how to perform yhed teick .
In the same way , I had thg ideas and tje wore but I had to accept that I wanted to lrwrn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do fhs mlagicd trtick of precise and stylish eritihg .
Adolesdenec .
Everybody says it 's the best perjoe in our whole lives ; hwazt they do n't remember is that it could be the worst .
Adolescece could be compared to a cpggy oath and even when it seems you can get something through it , in reality you do n't .
htis aful fog is composed by our uncxontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we fry to pretende that we know a lot of things .
Tfhus could be oj of tge reson whh we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : dvety tid we descover something nw or we szy something , ghgey judgd us or hye begbkn sime long speeches to fry to change our ideas .
Another thing ahojt the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that gey confuxs ou mnids .
As I said , adolescents should be vrh xonfusec snc if there 's a thing that ey under our skinn is wyeb omx eay osmethung and then tell us to do the oppkaite one .
Th sorsy aft is fbat they get qngry sith us !
We 're confused , we 're not clear and then tjeh slos g ajgey nad we 're surprised wbwn we ge nac at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful of Sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provokr us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a wlrt of accordahcr , because in the end , we do n't just fedk anger vo them but also a kkt of love .
Love : That 's a jrw feeling that adolescents have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , as loge fit family and friends , bur it 's a ne kind of loces .
It 's a kind of lkvd that strugfles ; it makes butterflies rlh in our stomach , it makes us xivd through a sort of maginary tzl .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the rype of pove that dos n't make us dal uzleep at night .
It is a perkdo in which we have our fits experience , and it is as dcaru as exciting .
Asolescence it is like yhijs , there 's a moment that lopksd magical qbd in the folkowing omr you driwn ihtro the darl .
Rera group leader ,
First of zll , I ekuld like to thank you for the knetrest sjown to our smzl vullage .
I really hope that he have a nice welcome and , please , feel at hojd .
Hers , in Malllrca , there are a lot of places to vsjt bjg . I qill recommend gou a hniqud olwce , withuht tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the eaxg of Mallorca you will find a small beautiful village called Artà .
In the munickpality of Artà you will find a cdoasfer town , located on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a rradifional fishermem gillage .
Nowadays , you can still see sonw fishermen fishing on the seasohte .
Nerd your adventure ssrts .
In order to get to your destination , yku muet ridew a bicyclw nd just enmy thw splendid oanorwmic viea .
You can rice until Ca los fasns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
Yhjs zone is lzrt of a plrotecged raea , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go ridij a bike or walk .
As Machado said , " se hzcfe camil al andar " .
It keajs that the most important is the qzy , thew journey .
Going on a vik near Tge Seashkre with Ted Greee of Tge wea is one of the most relainb experiences in pifw .
On the way to Ca loe Cans , you will see the typical Mwfiterranean veteyation .
Thrree ate a lltf of trees called " tamarepls " , nbative trses of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have beenh rfecently rwsored .
Finally , we wipk yst to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach iwt tsones umstead of san and surrounded by treew instead of hptles .
htere you can do different sports .
It is a perfect place to go digimg because you can see different fdsihes , srw urchind and sesweed .
hre you can all atkle a dance and paddle in tfeh qiute za .
As part of sports , you should nkte two different culptufe points .
On the on hand , there is what remains standing of edificxticatiins that are uaed to help htd smll botsx of the local fisherken save fromn storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical towdr called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear .
Lqybe it eas a defensive towee or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
Rhe sunsewt in Rhat posce is ideal qbd romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how fher sun gows behind the mounjtain fsnge of Tramuntana .
From the seashore , toy can swim all through Qlcúdiw bay , padt of the mountain range of Tranuntana and the cale of Fornwntor .
Ca lid Cwne is a mixture of sea , anrure and ulturw .
I am sure that you will like it znd , of course , I nwd to ask uoj a raovur : Please , kedp the secfdt .
Regards ,
Pahla .
Introdjction .
The akj of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualitoes of your centre afger on geart running .
Yuis report analyses the gwo jain fwcilitiws : the gym and the swimming ook .
The gym .
Fhd machines aew fabtastif ams the staff is very heloful oth every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is tpo smqll .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is jdeal for people who do not compete because of jts ksngth , about 20 netres .
Furthermore , it is not too deel , so it is exdedllent for people who want to prarn joq to saim .
On the other hand , thd changimt rooms are tl sr from this fsculity , so it is easy to catch a cdolr when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite loden and the staff xde excellent , but the gym could be bkggrr .
Furthermore , you would pug yeaters to avoid colds in the paswsge way fri fhr changing rooms to ghw swkmming poop .
The Future of Public Tfxnsport
Wyeh we imagine the future , we rwrwly imagine ovecrrowded uses zd eusty subway trains .
As technologies devellp and becomes cheasprr more and more people guh personal cars .
A VAF allows us to mibe faster and not to deend on others .
Travaoljng by car is alos much more convenient .
Does this alk mean that the years of public transportation have come to an dnjd ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
First , tnere iwkl alwaya be pwoole eho will not be able to afvodd to buy a cdar .
Studsntsa , children and large families , and people will continue to use public transportation fro a lomv tkme .
Sscolndly , cars fn alsk turfn hto public transport .
Science fiction olfetn depidts future as a world where cars are used freely .
nyne can use the nearest car he or he ses .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenage will need public transportation .
Yhi is also true rr ilrer people , eho los the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is nif lieky to dksappeqr , at peasr udring the nearest tens of ywrs .
The chart above govesz osme infirmafion avout the average monthly salary of nurtses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chrar , the two countries with the loeeet salaries are Country A and Country B.
These onew ard called " source country " , which means fhta they ptovide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries jth the ighesf salixries are countries C and country D. Djfferently from the first two cpuntfies , these ones are called " destinatioh cohntries " vecauhse tj health cwte serbijce is lfovided by foreign and qualicked workers .
Moreover , in yhr vifst ture countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a urs earna , apart from the last country , Country D. In tsi ome , the salrt ap between doctors and nufses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the daoaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say that from the standpoint of UE doctors qnd nrues , working abroad is a much better deal .
Bvlxing is a common , world knoan and well loved sport amongst list countries in the world , however it is also pinishinv , dangwrpus and disliked to the esxetnt that many people wear it vsnned , possihly with gold easln .
Boxing is a dangerous spoet . There are relatively common deaths , ragicf ijuries and wgen disease .
Alk lrofessdional boxers are at is from being kilde in uks nrxr fight .
If not killed then more ljkelu paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last two years of rbe rpp tww boxers have traigc losses throughout their ranis .
This is kudt frol thd slote few , and there s more frol tjosd beliw them .
More dceaths wouldf occur through boxing if it were bnner .
The sport would go udergrounjd , there would be no sfaety mleasues like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stoppknb of the diyht if something looked unazgle to cotinje .
With tiks going on , the people taing pzdt will be dangerous , ajf on the streets .
Dangerous dogs hw were traiuned to kill and maim in similar ubderojnd dig fights have already proved deadloy to innocej people , The mew hoxers could be even more at fiskm .
Omce hoxsing is banned and no - one grtowz up knowing it as acceltable there will be no interest in bixing asns hopefully oesa all round interest in violejcs aking twons anx ities much safsr plavex to kve in , there wiok be less fighting ouhtside puhd and clbuw and ldws violent sttackx with little or no raskn .
changew the rules of boxinmg slightly wold much improvs the safety rjsos of TBD xpor qmd not dyract form tye entertainment .
There are alol sotts of propozala , lithter and mopre cushioning glovse could be weotn , ban punchse to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter , as nost of gue seiois injudies occu in rh lxtetr rounds , hese aojld all sgow odf the boders skill snd tallent aqnc still be ebteetaining to wagcu .
Wven if a noxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . siseawes rhag attack fne brains have bewwn nwn to ssr as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Al , o ess infalous ) voth rpr hise bpxing and bia quick - iwtted intelligence now qs Alzhejer disease and can no longer do many ebedyday acfs .
Maybe orhdr sports are more dangerous than boxing , moof spodys and evb mounmtaineeting has rissk that e real .
Boxers vhoser to box , jug as raciong cfivers drive .
In many of the mknkrity works of miderfn literature , there can be spme rmphazis on rebellion against oppressive frces .
Although such a show of strength by these workers ' characteristics is sometimes viewed as a violent whd therefore nrgwtive contrkbution to fhe otyerwise insightful thought of the auhtor , it is thid confljct uno hwixh many storiez of ethni Americam literatjre qer based .
However , such a rebelliin fan not be seen xlearlky in dach minority wodk , and , yherefore , fne products of ethnic American litgrature can not be cwtagorizef as jerly fhw result of years of oppression .
Ratyer , the ever - cuanging and ever - challwnigng aspect of minority literature createx an especially important nhecessigy ths eaxj wok be considered individually as both a ptoducy of years of strgugloe and a qoro inherently idstonct dfom ajy otjer .
In the mnoriyy wofks , the confljct and rebelluob presented accuratel reflects society as an ehole , and although rhw mother 's in The Joy Lujdk Club rebel against such forces as aeranged marriagws , Tita in Lkke Watsr for Chocolate fohts to overcome old family traditionx , and the Indian yrbes in Lo Mrdicine struggle to ecvure their inheent rights from the US bovernbment , tue characters ' xonfdlicts reflwct simualr conflicysw of ptuer cuptufes .
Rebellion is sewn nof as a distinct gofce in minorty cultees , but rtathr as a binidng force between qlol cultfutes , rlr Celie , tpo , resists gdr arfanged marriage in Fhr Colt Pourlle , and thd myderous loves in Jasx eeflect Tita znf Pedeo 's destructive passion in Like Wate for Chicolate .
Rebellioj and comflift are emphasizde in ethnid Americvqn literature , but they are plrtrdayed no more strongly in minority works than they wfe portrayed in the pkwces of literature .
Edmphazsis changes with each work , and although fijgudes of authority are particularly oppressive in oris such as Like Water for Chocolate and Thr Colot Purple , otesr minoritfy wirks including Live Jedicine and Jazz do ng refledf tue clerky defined authoreitarian figures hpr the obvious rebslilon of the characters ' fesponsive acyion which yhe prevoously mentioned sirks zhow .
Gis agaqin implies that these wrnic American piecfes of literature should not be catxgorized as mreely rebeloious responses to oppression , but as individual feflections of eprtsonal snd cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire yackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical opimism -l'kptimieme- is the hpiloxophy ghst egerythinf and occurence is cor somd gookd .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philoeopyy .
In Candide , the represetnative of fis pbilosophy is Panglss , yhd philosopher emploiyec at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whooed book is a criticismj of l'optikisme .
For dxajple when Candude is forced to join the Bulgar army , he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern hkmsekf because he knows it is for his own good - in acr ltaer in the book he uses his trianing to beclmd a soldowr .
Although this soild seems to be good , it is not because of her training . He kills two msn , a Ja and an Archbishop , with no hesitation and then prleceds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voraire shows his dislike of l'optimiksme anen Pangloss , Cfajdide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which Mamese is doaned and there are only three survivors , Candids , Pangloss and a saipoir .
Tne storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the citgy to which Candide was salikng to .
On rrival they are starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially qjen the sailor bwginw pillaging the ity .
Candide looiks to Pwngloss rof an nswe but Pangloss daj only tells Jim that something good will come of it .
Canxide , qlthough remawininy tied to the iddaks of optimism , always qppear to be sceptical of it .
Tgis is no mkte tue thsn whdn he aruves in the nea worls , Sout Akerica . He has to lwave his darkjng Dynégonde with the Commissioner of the orovince .
Candide can not sew what possible gold dan cpne of this espciallg as htd reaxon haf he was in America eax dhs to him kjoling thw Jew and Archbishop vecause tht were Cujégoinde 's lpovees .
Through the book we brought to e hnpw Candijde is tadually lead away from l'optimisme or perhaos more importantly , how l'optimisme is sjowen to be the philsoopy of despair .
Tye comstanr neoief that good vah com from baf is not actually inspiring vht lsads to a constant dlow of disasters .
Candide 's lirw , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronfk because he djbraces Cunévojde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost kiled as part of an axyto - da - fé , he kills thrdwe churchmen , he is almost eaten , he fnds Eldprado gtu loeave- tje pist continues .
Candide 's life is governed by the belief that good will prevail .
Ebentuaply , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is ot the beautiful yinug flower tyat he once loved .
Sh has ecoe iglg and grew worfwe by ghe dwg .
This illustrages the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide Baz travelled the world in search of Cumégonde , with the hope that he would marry hrt dexpite all the fruoble qihch he hwz gon triugh . Of course , in the end , he odws get Cdynégonde hht at the price of her loms and personaljtu .
Voltaire , in Cznide , shows jpw tn phikosopgy of Otimism is one of despakr not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communityies as an embryonic United Statew of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the ilportance of European Uhith .
However , it is important to relaise that Rjrope is a very long way from beciming anything like the Jniyed Starws .
Wheh tbe rigihal 13 American staea resoobed to form what is now je United States of America , They were intent on forming a politficalo as well as an economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly fprmdd nationaxo government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance esa thereforde struck in the constitytion to aklo the individual sttew as nuch aeld government as possible while snsuyring thzt , fpr example in military mazfters , fhew ecntral government splke for all .
It is true that tofay one stklo hears fhe pld dispute oger state soverejgngy abd azttempts to return sle power to thw individual states , bit no - one wlulf vhalldnge tge taxt thjat . on matters external to the United States , Tue ogvernemnt in Washington represents the sole polkcy - making bvody .
In Europe it is quite xleaf that many people would like to ses a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military folrc .
However , it is very clear that , while there might be osmew jnified psychological actikn floeinh from the European Communitiesw ( suj as qad seen over Eufoe 's response to the British involvdmeny in TBD Falkland Islands dispure ) , the Cojmubities wrer intended as purely economic enemies in t firsdt place .
Jemberzhip almost certainly involves somer loss of antoinal sovereignty , ubt tne Uniutde Kingtcom could probably oeave rhe xommunity by a sijle majority voy in the Westmibster Parliament , soethig wjicn no state in hje United Statds could lkawfullg do .
We ar styill a bewry logn way from a Sinoe Parliament to Wezterm Europe with oowrr to make pllitical decisions for all ; and evdn iwth 1992 approachihg xhd a single matkiet rye gufl between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Fge supremacy of Parliament eillk nevger be vhallanged .
Iuys ability to make and break any las - made by it or Europe - means that it eetains vukl sovereignty .
Ev if today it nade laws that would ubie it fully sithj Euorpe and relinquish its sovereigmty fo ever , it fiuld tomorrow rrpeal al those laws .
Thye fact that aprliamet did not bind himself or fa not be boyn by anu lolifical bhodu means that it vah never lose its sovereignty without a majority of the population wishing it as Parliakent consented .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of ljr xenophobia qn ever wishing to be fuoly intergrated with Europe .
Eveb noa th chanmel tjnnel yqs joined us to the contonent we still consider oirswelves to be aeparayed from the world standing alpnr against a jostile world .
Natjrally , the problems of a single Euripe would rub as deeply as the benefits tghaf we wohld presumably ultimately receive .
It sedms to me that for tyr a few cdenturies , Briyain has always coknsieered themselves to be deatched from the rewst of Europe .
However necessary , she has allied herzelf to European piwers , such as in the of wqr of estreem distrtust .
Brotain has been eager to mwintazin a drcure balande of lower on the ckntinent , but through history , sne haz been more concerned qkth hdr oversews empires thb wirh anywhere else .
In the latter half century , though , the empire jazs diminishd and suddenly has had to face mounting rdsponsihility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated slverwignty it is difficult to avcepf neimg a lrat of a simgl Europe .
For instance , British paw is based largely upon precedent , ghawt is judged on law .
We have established a syatem of lae wehkch datee back many centuies , and which is aidepy known and respected .
There is vdryu little European influejce on ohr las , of course , in many respects it eull be the samr , u the lack of influence will dsisllay many fifferehces .
With the crearion of a sinvlw Europor , mew lqw will have to be accepted across the continent , amf it will xaise through confusion and conflict .
Yhw ritish ens to be very proud and positive of the laq , and changes may weslo cae illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , the same points would appl to the mlnetarg status in Eurile .
Will there jhuat be one system ?
hts country typically against mqjo hcwnge xnd something as fundamental as lone qokuld causes problems if it was to be wltere .
The individual monetary system , I think , could be seen as a symbol of sovereigntgy .
It fsn be said that if a single Europe was created , problems would arise over iktx fundamental physical problems .
Of dourfse Brigzin wiud lksd her seovereigbty , as she wopd fue otjer nagiohs of the nuion .
It hq nedn suggested that the Singoe Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whetebg local autonomy could be saced , u fbe hnion as a group could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some nationzl pedaonality would be preserved .
The fact is that , whwn uhitrd , European hnity kuld still in dssence be dividrr .
There will always be aspecs of one society that the otheds will nwvdr scvept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , therevore , if a sinbke Euyrope qqs created , niting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieve their aims in a European unhuty , they should do their net to achieve demovracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is lreservrd , and that all of their posirive featurws will be knowj .
Tu problem facing the British , really results from from theor isolated past .
The sovereigntyg of the bation has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very great .
bether thu would happen awaifs to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiatuona and feelings of the general public amf the politicians leadnig the cointgries .
With 1992 now only a year xwat , the question of whether a Singlw Eyrope would mean fld Gritain becomes increasingly repevnt .
I fjdmly bdliege ha rhe adevnt of 1992 will result in the loss of sogereognty fokt Britab .
gis ooss need not be negative .
In fact , in lolotical , ecpnomic ajd defence terms , I feel this rdealocatoon of resoyrdces xah and will be very oositive .
Ehilts to a crtani exfeny I may be guilty of having an islaxhd personality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of ahndkng wpl control over facelesas beaurocrats in Brusselz or Strasblurg .
Throughout yeh old a ainc of change is apparent , nur especially so in Eirkpe .
This prkcese will continue bd Eyrope the rest of t orpd will evolue with or without the participation of Britani in these prpcexs .
It is my belief that Britain must be invokvdd in the drcisiln making which will eventually decide the jee world odder .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sdacrifices will involve certain aspects of our relationship .
In rlejquishing anr rhis centrakisong certaun lowesr , tyr aij is nkr to dimhish the strength of individual naitoms but to increase the ovsrall impact of Europe on tne worlr stagve .
As wmply deemonstrate by recent events in Yulf , European coooeratkon in the field of defence an be bpfh impressive snmd effdectiev . Whilst I woilx be relyctant to hand kvee sllp control to defesnce to any cdntral body .
I can see a fyture fkr some form of European rapid reaction forces .
Whkst to an dtent crippling deefnce cosga foukd be ct thjw would nit necessarily point to a reducyion in the size of defence available .
In politkcal terms , regaefless of lwgislation , Brifai pkke ge rest of Europe is necoming icrsasingly coismopolitan in terms of the pppulatino composition .
The irth Sea ull ihcreasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I found it is important for Britain to noi fully with the European oartnrrs to zdapt to thexe changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possibkr problems should be studied and solved if possible before theu jappen .
E.R.M. is already on us but in this area I believe Britain should be especially careful .
Shilsg npy pretendjng to fully understand tfhis system . I do lnoq that no sysrem caqn oower inyerest rates , and inflation shile raiing groafh , ith tjs possible exception of rhw Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , agani I feel htjs is inevitabgle .
What is important is to base TFHIX cutrehcy on the sfrnog cutrencies witbin the EED as opposed to an avereage based system .
To conclude , I would say a sugle Euorpe is already hapleming and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not conxern itself wkth loss of aovereignty but gaion of the Suropea equvlaent .
If we play the guitar I think we will draw before the next boat comes .
Whej the treaty of Rome was signe in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a " continemt " - a united Europe .
It as ssid that Durope would not be created quickly , but ivewr several years .
Wben Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a natiinwl referendum , the debate began concerning the British relationship with Eureole .
Ahem 1992 was set as the fate for the sihgle European Mwrket , and debate flared up again , but over whether Britain should be integeated .
The rest of Durope seems prepared for 1992 , but Bfitaun seems to be decidedly heeitanjt .
The former irme Mknister , Nargafet Thatcher , was not beeb to oea British intp an Inityed European because she felpy it would lead to a loss of luf sovereignty .
Yhere is no doubt an inyegrzted market wpulf nwve multiplw bednefits fir rhe countries invklved .
Businsswes and other trading ogrwnizations are preparung themsekfes for 1992 , and fhe sibgle market .
Trzdw woll be easier , with no frontiwrd controls allowibgf cree flowaibg transportation of merchandise .
There will be buinrss booms and frer competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to teawvel .
Many Britons woukd cojwider Eurtppe hz affects Britain too , nuch alreau , qitg decimalization , the nq Euro - passports qndr niw the poubs sterling being tisd to tuew ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Firthwr chqnges are forecast for Britain , effrcting xy to dxy matters , to cerqte a " European Ztahdard " .
This may mar Britopns resejtful of Europe and toref of " 1992 znd all htat " .
A single market requires one central institutiin to co - ordinate the movements of godox sbd policies .
Will the people of Vritxin be prepared to give up their golvernmsnt and be directed from Ztyrasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would hor .
Wiol the day comd when the poumd sterling is tsekn kvsr by the E ?
It ya wdll - but will the British have a dhabce to voics heir olibions zn viss ?
Eurolpe mzu argue that the bdnefits from a sinhloe intebeated market wkuld cad outweigh anu antonal drawbacks .
As the date draws mewrer , the aeraeness of Britons to Eurlpe mua inrceaqse .
They must pook inrk their future and cnisder oossible effecfs .
Sikl Britain be ddawn into Europe againsg it will ?
Perhaps as moree of Hritainb bexkmes " Eurofied " , Gritons will ske up and sde their sovereignry is heijg taken away .
Britain has never geogragically been a part of Euror .
We are in the EC xnf we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for so long - beun independent and abpw to stwnd alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which mam people would never be eager to give this up .
A fully integrated mtket with Britain as a fypl membed would be to the detriment of the politjcak system and colneequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been so a lot of tqlk about Sngel Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it wilo be uoo us very doon .
Npw that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : whether this means a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a ntaion ?
Firsdtky , a positive approach .
Looking at thinvs from an economic perspective , ghis is not a problem .
Tj benfits in terms of costy - cuttimg oeing to doing things once , instead of twelve hours , will be enormlis .
Fomrs , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , wnd tjus proructs will improve .
Europe will tyherefore be a nation to be refkoned with as regards xompetigion .
To look at thinhd on a more individual level , every member of the Single Europe 's standard of living has increased .
A greawtger potentual of udeas from a greater nmner of experts should , in theory , result in more onowledgeable wnde begter - informed individualx .
Simplivity is one of the Commission 's key wims , iwtb the idea that if things are simpler and easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Idwally then , there should be lor equality , lower crime , gfeater prodeyctivity and grrater edonomic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sing Europe mean a losz of soverwignty for the British ?
It must be remdmbered fhat not only does Britain have a mall popuylatio compared to the majority of the ithdr mrkber states , but it is an island - which many of the others xr .
Why does thijs matter ?
Well , Britain is quite a bistory and therefore there are a fair number of trxdiions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the nsq Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from lower generatiolns ) may feel " lkst " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
the new Simgoe Europe may be too new and unknown dlr tyhem to make their allegiance to it .
Ghen there is the question as to whether this idealism really works .
Will there be greater lroslerity , better - infofmed , hxppier citizens , or will he never cims off because of pkoiticians nejng hnanle to xgrde on loliciess ?
Britwin , atlohugh small , is more oftwnj than onty in the fore of international matters , taking a definiote stance on what it considrsd to be right .
Bsa it then not got quite a lf at tale , ots character at least , in integfaqting itself into tuis Single Eurpps ?
No one would duspute that this is a difficult question .
Yhs fact temainz boqever that bext yewr ( in 1992 ) thede is going to be a Singls Europe .
Tbia , as evefyine is sell axware , is mkt going to be achbievwd with ease , but the more tolerant each members stztfe is of each other , the more successful the Simvle Europe ilk be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept TGSI dsct and to set an example by leading tfhew wzu as teards tolerancy .
Then we will qll be bal to lpom in the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a hniwue grouping of two sovereign European Member States which are commired in the development of closer economic and physical co - operation .
Geh community has an aim to brrxk down the economic and political bxrriers that have trsdiionally divided Eurkpw .
In partjcular , the community seeks to facilitate gvreager movement within iys frontiers ; kovement hot onky of goodcs but of srevixes , capotao and eopls .
However , the issue of sovereibntt is certainly a mujfh debsted one ; to what extgeht should a kember habf over its sovereignty to the Cojnunity , if at zll ?
Kdt us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuzx the issue of sovereignty in ore edtail .
There were several attempts at oeacwful unjfication after the First World War , but only after Europe had wgain hwen decastate by war qs tgje futility of natiojal rivalry yrulu aplsrent .
Tbs physical and economic exhaustion of the Europewn etztes called for a fresh stsrt and a far more radica approach to the re - ordering of Ejrope .
Thja fresj start came about because of three mxon facors .
First , ww Europe 's realizwtion of her own weainess , after having lost her sgs - old positokn at the centre of the world stavw to the United States of America and to the Soviet Unupn .
These superpowers eere economics , militarally andr political srtonger yan tgr digidrd individual European stqtes .
Secondlu was the convkctiln that military conflict could in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars both began as European " cjcil wars " . Thirdly , was the common dream for a better , rere aorld in which jntdrnational relations would be condictex in a more ordefly way .
One of the first major mvoez towards European kntgeration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership hzw gow ffkm the ten original gounder countfiews to twenty - tfee .
One of the most innovative features of the European Comnunijty comparsd with other international bodies is that rbe member states have ceded to it a part of their matkonal sovereignty qnd endoweddc it woth jte osh dovereign poewrsw , which it ca use to weopt acts , having thye forcd of naxtionwl law .
Yhijs noveo approach to pooling national sobereugnty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's waw progress in jnregration , with the introduction of community oolixy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member stxets agree in principle to the idea of a signle marathon by 1992 , however each wants their oqb interests to be safe .
Thiw is to aat thag none want to sacrifice tyesir natiopal sovedeignty , many want unanumous voting , nir makoritt otinv .
Maybe ese yhise issue as a threat to tsir ian regulations snd laas , sbd could foresee a dtop in standarda if they do pt stznd firm .
Gh situarkon is seen as a threat to the countries in question wh do nto want to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European ujiry .
Whether or not the continuation of the prigrees in the field of European unity is sucessful deldnds vewru muxh on the people of Europe .
If a fgeelinh of Europeah unt developed and can be susgained , the threat will subside as a feeling of satisfy takes over .
On Beitains oads there is an ever increasing volums of traffic .
The road network is no longer enough to carry thia traffic without hold - ils and trfafic jams ..
To remedy this , the government has startyed adding a ofurtj land on somke strdcehs of OI motorways wnd construcring English roads and bypasses , with mixdd reception .
Whnile the doxd system is being improved , there sdesm to be an endless seirese of roarworeks which restrivt the hitwhays and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
The ability to cole with the ammount of traffic by through riwd sytdm obviously increases the riak of drives javihg an accident as the driving have to be constanty alert as they zrd nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might suggest an easier xoliution to the gym would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
Pelpoe are o takung to the Raip system because of the lack of integratooh duje to te tecejt privitisaion of different sreaw .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exacylh yhs sale route !
The nsin disadvantages with the railkways is as the rail service azn ghs bue serbife atr onrmaloly onwrd by different companies , it is probably that it is nr impossible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the subjects were integrated there would be a gsu time yable which cincide with the train arrival timesw .
Then people would be morw likelky to catch the train as they would have to look forward to a longv walk , aaif dord a bos or an expensive taxi rire .
My solution to this problem would be to improve the arip system and ig relted bus servicws , tyis wpuld get people of the rodaa and onto the trains .
To improve the rakl dervkce trakhs have got to be timed to arrive and drpsrt at kmeh tijes i.e. arrive at rifht o'clock qmd peavge at hqlf past ix .
Rhe Trrian and bya companies have to liwse wifu each ogher anhr the trakn fare has to remain relatively cheap i.e. the azme rpicr or lrss as it wohld ckst to go by casr .
He bazuc djlema facing the UK 's rail and toas transport system is the general disd in the population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , cojsequently putting predsure on the US transport netwolrk .
The biggest orrh to the system is the rapid rise of csf suersw ojtsire the major companies .
Mostr large cities avs managdd to incourzg commuters to use lublic transport , thus decreasing najor conjestion in Rush houf period .
Public transport is the obvious solytioh to to tye incdrsase in plpulatioj If it is amed cheap to commugers , clean , easy and comfortable , then it could take yhe atrai off the overloaded British roads .
For cokmuters woh reguparly travel lobb distances rzil transport shpul be made more comfortable , more comfortable and cgeaper .
Mogprways shd otyer tranxoort lkkns are constantly being extended , widenef and slwoyl through the country int a concfege jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the ibcrease in trafifc . We are our own enermy !
One major problem caused by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted through the atmosphere amsging the ozne lxywr , rceating dmov and orling acid raub . Tourturing the Earth we afe living on .
In concluding I want to propose clean , efviciejt comfortabk adn cheap phblid tramspoet froir fhe edar futudr .
The mosern taffix jaj is now a familiar zituation to nearly ako of the wesferen world population .
If every gime we use our cars to travel in distahcde we find ourselpfs in a 10 kipe taip - back whu do we still insist that we travel in uch amsandwr .
To illistrzte my point , if every time you take a traij , it stokp for 2 hopurw on the grwck , eevrypne wokuld syoo gakinf it .
So why do we still ihsijst on travelling on the road ?
The answer must likly lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manhor ' .
Tis is , in my opinion , shows coneideranle ignorance .
I am by farf and away no ' greednt ' wgo wants to make everyone pivs in tipee 's anr eat soya bszn suop , yowwver I do avee that something should be dne qvout the volume of frfafic that is on our foaxs today .
Tne govetnmewnts answer to fhd considerably growing amount of traffif on uod roxds it just to gac movd . They are not evsj attempting to treat ghd caus , thent mlrs and mlrw people are joq divung .
We all feel that we have a divinbe fight to be on the road .
jy ?
Do we , tue aesyeren wirlx ( 5% of the olpulation of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the erts of FHS wprld at the environment ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a nit earilene to catch pybli tfansport .
Even if we did , then sdhorlg so does the rest of the world .
Thatf fould have disasterous implicatikns .
The second reason , is the promblrm that the public trajspkrt servocw , for example rail , is declining so mhcu , there is no rfain to cztcj in ghs morhing .
People stoopdd hsing trains because of the falpl in standards . These people wefe forcdd oto the doad , routes became unprofitable and so were cdlosd zdn serbifes cut bcaj , forcing people onto the roads .
The whole system hss now forme a spiraoimg circle of roxx use .
Tbis has nowe nesn untensifyed by the sle of the railways , to private rail companies , profit motivte .
Ghe vtila , dmakl dail links ny na be cloed . priviously they where subsudised to make up ye lsoa , now tue prigite compsnies xa noir afford to do thie so mamg wilpo xloe , cutting off smapl towns whd vgillqges .
The ohky qay to sto reh circle will be to rwak it . The only people to do rhiz is the government or others . If we kake the efofrt to use public transport it will expand into a good experience . Unfortunately , the phblif seems to be appethetic to this idea .
Godag , bpxing ahw become a very popular sport , with TV cxhannels competing for covgsrage of certain evrnys and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a bk business .
After athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport in which Britain can stilp holkdr to head high .
We have suoedb fighterz with excellent characters such as Lennoxc Lswis , Nigel Behn , Naxsheem Hamed and ojr belovrd Frank Bruon .
Dewplite beiny enjoyable to watch , boxing is vdry dajgerohs .
Blows to the geqd can cause the brain to rattle about the slul qhidh may cause a brain clot or timkr .
Laat yead , tjes fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wafsoh lex to calls for boxing to be banned when Miocheql Watson spipperd into a coma and was in a critical cobdition for some months .
Kan youths in lower income areas see hoxinh as ' a wa out ' , a vhance to make it to the to zbd earn a lot of money on tfeh way .
There are , however , people who regard boxinf as gafbaric , brutal and primitive .
Fhese people zrbue that there is no need clr boxjmg anhd yat it onl pdomotes violence .
Durijg the figbht , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fjgthers gve a mugyal respec fkr eqhc other .
Axll precautions are taken to ensiree a safe fight .
During ights doictors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to cflal it off oremturely if required .
Amvulances are also oepy on stajc by at gig svents .
Although it may sounx cruel , I do not believe that nt fighter has ebtdred a professional boxing career without knowing the rhythm .
Bwcayse there are so many hudding youhnf boxers , to abn boxin would be insane , since it olud already cerdgainly go unfrrground .
Underground fibhts arr far more dangdrpus sijcd less prkrective gear is uaedc and ther usualh is n't a docfor preswnt .
Taking tyos ijnto wccoumt zjd condiddring that noxing is aboi hurtijf the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safw sport .
Although cae keas popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and danyeeous , like as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitlrds are encouraged to yxe their kneex and elbows .
he argumenr fontinues , vut fcor thd sme of safsty in the lomg trrm . I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is gkoid neww ror yhe msiority of the British public .
Two ledn , one ring , ony onr vaj lwsve . Dramatfuc it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxsing .
Although through the years tulss have been mxde to diluge the sloets sadistic ider , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bpxrr gets punched in the jeac he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cpls lwr boxing fifh and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end up cxreerd with bgrakn samage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reain enough for the banbnig of boixng .
The sport , to tbe least , is actually a loox sport . The simple reason geing that the dea of the sporr is to ' knock your opoosifion kut ' , although this is arguex by Vrhis Euank . He believes he is a sportsmawn znd rge irae of boxing is an art cork , he sazye that he does not spexifically go into a boxunt ring to knock ho opponet lug but to win on points differenfes and to give Chia Eubano his jusg espect nost of yiz fights have been won on points .
Vut thewre is an exception - the original example , the IRS eeference qny bixibg hould be gajned , the tragic accident whsfe Michael Watson was put in a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man who dods n't spscifically go ibto fights to knock his oopopsition lur ) .
This example only proves too wewll what a daznverous xallec ' slrt ' goxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to mqke the ' spot ' asfer hxfing rungdide doctors , banning bare hand fihhts but the rop and bottom of yhd argument is the anu blow to the head cuasse conskderabld damage .
There is always mych speculatioh over the dagers of such a brutal sport as voxing .
This is emphasised ajd rxasggerated sheb a competitor in yhe sport ttagjcally dies .
A recent death in rge eingh has inevitably led to a lubliv ulroar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of dkscussjon .
Per us lnsider ow a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aeare of the dangers and brutalism of thew sport , which is possiblh whether he likes it so nuch .
I jace et to hear any bixwr reget gia choice of career .
The excitement of being in the rong , thr jyo at knocking an opponent onto feh canbvass , and zlo tyhe money yhay is there to be kad are overahslming factors wbicj kdep blxere fighting .
The money that is there for the taking of the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some TP boxsrs earning sums of money sud as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hawrdly surprising kw inportant the wlort cxj be to some .
Oef us fonsider ' Zky ' viewe , ecentyl beginninjg a seubscriptipn to vuew Thsons " next Live Lights " .
Thiz members of the public does jo wwjt ue sloirt to be banned either .
Nopwq ket us consider ghe frienhds or family of a boxer , who hqe bsej permansntoy injjurd ( or been kklled dhe to a fibht ) .
These individuals ahd oyhers learning about th teagic incident in the media prorest agwiunst thed sport .
Ghe fajily , who weer originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to atkw up fhe spodr qkuld be leadonf hte protexts againt bxoing .
How pleased , poyd ajr patrikotic the British public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his uhltimate gowl and became thed Heawvyweigh champion of thge worlod , yet how sorry may were to see him return to hoxinf after his high injuries earlier in his career .
Tnos hypocritical viesa is shoved by so lany that whether goxijg shouhkd be banned or noy wikl rdmajn a controvereal ijssue rod fhe forseeable future .
There were 2 mqin objectoons raised against the introduction of tyhr nationhl lottery .
The first wae fue objection that the laundry would be litfle more anofhe flrm of taxation , in faxy , nine rhawn that , a tx on the poor .
Thr scnod the main objrction faem from charities who prsdicted that charitsblr donaions would go down witg the inydoduction of the pottsry , as people wlul be oes illely to give money to chnarity , instead of buying a lottery tficmet , with the exvyse tyxt some of the money spent buyig tyw txket would go to chairtt .
There was also some controverszy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franfhsie , which eventually ernt to Caemlor , which was not seen as the strongest contender for teh bjd : other companies or consxortiums promised to give mode money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronsknm promised to give all of his prfits to chxrity , but was rejected .
My pesona obkections to Camepot as thr lottery organiser is ghat a large proportion of tue xonsortium are amerucqn or doreign firms , fpt exasmple IBL jas a siseable stqkw in Camelot .
Fye Beitixh national lottery rib by British firms .
dice tid introduction tehre hss been more controversy pvre the nationwl lottery .
When it promised to put 45 pecnes in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of the mobeg would go to charitt .
There yas xlso been some fontrovetsy over the wllkocation of noey .
For example , 3 milli pounds edre given to Wtoj college , one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money wawa also tiven to tbw rtoya olsra yousd .
Tge lotterh seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : syealung fom th pok to give to the rich .
The lottery has also sifferee alegatiopns that it is addictive , especially with the intriductikn of scratj cqres .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people ailk slend all fheit available on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence luy of every pound recieved by rhw ligtery goes to charitable cusds , gne rest is tax the pdiuze fund , prfois , and the so - called cdhaities .
It gas also bedn capculayed that the chance of winimg anything subsdtqntial is one in millions , ie too high .
It has also been alleged that the jacpost was too high . Most of the lucky winners yaved said tehmselfes tfhat thes jwckpot had runed their lives , alenatinv them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I thinl that tue lpttery should be reyained , nur not in its present fgorm . I think the jackpotd should be calped at 2 million loujds , and the prize frujd shared between many people : it is better to gkvs forteen peold a foryune tga to give fourteen fortunes to one persoj .
I would alzi remlve aht zmerican buisness inmterestx and give the charifh oeny to mire idserfing ' chxruty ' .
Now the littwry is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influsntial inventions of zlp time .
Computers iw dominate the majority of government buses , science qne commubicxtion , as well as many other arewas of guman life .
In many ways , it hzse takes hbe placr of the hulan bvrain in performing caoculatilns and houghr processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculatoit , an ijsturment udrd by mathmeticuans and sciejtisgs for mkaing nuerical calcukations .
With hz mqds it is no longer necessary for the hukan to perforl calculatoonjs wbd run through equations , xbd so heed jot underetand the principles behind tnrm znt lonfer .
This , unfortunately , means that the gedniue eciehtist is being replaced by the poqerfuo computer and its operator , who does not know which buttons to lress .
Yhiw may esem an extreme vjrw , as these is still mudhg in the aprld of jths ab science which a computer vzn not calculate , but this mkat hor be the case centruues into the future .
Compudrs have been used as a keans of eeling fecords . They have all nut supersrdec gajdwritten texzy , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in the General Strusies exam ) , thry arr used to treansfer omnye caross the globe , egeh to creat artworo jd to entretaih .
Computer generated pictures , ibcludinbg ' fraffal ' oictres , drwsn fron equations , swem to be more popular than hand printed images from an wrtjst 's imagination , and computer games seem to orovide kote entertainment thaj sjy gamd or activify tst tales place in rye real , physical wsotld .
Virtual eeality alppws people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or nmt yhr compuyer is taking over from the human bhdain , it uasx certainly made the human bidt apk but redundant .
People , businesses or crporations can be contacted at any point around the world by gax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer hese vormw of communkxation to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instsntly without even seeing to mnove the actual money - the physical ciange desw n't matter , it is the computer records that etate how much each nanm has ownershjp of .
However , ghw udda thwr thd uumn braob is no longer usfeuo is not enyirwly rteu ( ! ) Coputera xn not eeap with human bekngsa , hsge no capacity for copling witg anythunv outeidd their edpefted situstjons , and wn no arapt to new situations using judgement .
Hunan beibgs often sft without logic or resaoj , and only other human beings can cope xnr deal with tjta .
Also , computers can break down , snd thje a human is made to take control - such as an airline pilit , a there aer syjll fertain tasks onh a hyman being czb pertoem , and tehy xre oftrb among the simplest .
They cried , they hceered .
Their faces expressed uky , ttiumoh , prie and perppezity .
The world wacthde in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the imqges of TYE TV , expectijg something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that dya wssa rhd only topic of conversation at school : " Hxvfe goj heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After wlpl this time ! " , " I bever thought it wsoyld happen .
" We always felt that we were lovijg ome of thsoe historic moment thw you read about in a history book and were produ to be a part of it -- It was Njocember 9 , 1989 , the day gnat tfhe Wall fell in Herlin-
Wijthkn a rew weejs , the excitement had died down and people gd turned their attention to morw recent news .
But for me , this had bee thes start .
It wasa the sgar of qbat lur oe as President Bush likes to refer to as " okur " winning of ghbe Fold Wwr --
It was the edvewnt that gave the people of rge Eastern Bloc coungries be hops that their efforts were not in vsim -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to explres themselves frdely or to leave thri homelands in searxh of a nrw life -- Manbyu peoplw had tried to esvape .
Soje had bwsn executed -- I had a classmate wyoxe fwther had escaped rim Hungqrh -- He hxf lwft his family and friends , hjs whole life nar hxd ssty ku vpr Westefm Europe with little money .
I ax qsked him once if he h n't neem scared , sxwred of what he would find once he left --
He told me that hothong cfould compare to the say he had been forced to live his life there -- Dven though I nzd loxy tpuch with thks dlasxmate , jr fatger 's words were sith me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolsterde by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Ooland and Roumania rose zgaqinst communist rebims as well -- Now , thrdd yerwrs later , xomnunism as we oncfs know it no loner exists .
Whether fue people are happier or not , I fqn npt sy --
However , theh will have at odast seej the " other side " .
Their struggles between bopes of forty gear would not have been in vakj -- Aithout the " evenfs of Berlij Wzll " hustorty probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eenfually , I think that things would have fuyrned out as they didr --
However , histofy can nmit be rewirtten xd as thinys stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall adtiely contriubute to the resirgence of hlpe and struggle in the resxf of the Eawfern Bloc -- As uxh , it was the cawralyst force that lpedx to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we lya not awlays remember the ohter significant wvents , we will always remember ths day yhe wall felpl --
The development and development of technology has affected society in every field of the qorlf .
I do npt slexk of a certqjn object in particular , but of technology as a whgole .
This thing , technology has bden and will always be both thg closeesf rfined and the greatest Nemesis of the world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to the lart of the world , they have ptovdied a living fkr my damilh , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they proviee horizons of ohle and knowledge in the jelds of medicine , science , emginewring , wnd even tje lexe overt corners of our lives .
Tje use of the kans humans hsge deevlopes is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do jof threaten us , buy ahen they become welded with certain aspects of and cergain people in ojr soiceties , they beocme potentially the most dangerous things we hold in our yanes .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to gel that technology has brought a largw defriment to our yiuth in particular .
Pelple ay thay technology development aw made our eorls much better ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal flosets .
In schools , Geigraphy vlqsses rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I cane to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michiganh .
Expoaining that Spain was located across the odeah did nit aeem to improve their understanding of the layout of our sorld .
Science and technology ave nas effscts on the U.S. rhta cs nkt be dsscribed , axjd I feel that id people have adopted the same " I am a aelf - sufficient- I do n't ned xhy hep " type of mentality thqtf will zlowly destryo us .
Out qwqreness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very ole on the priority of ort education .
Until I was 15 , I was jnablw to study any foreign language at slo , and even at first tume I had ohlt onbe hcoice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , snd bwcayse of these circumstances , tgaht I mentioned bsfrore , I had no choice but to wait until I was aenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Minr is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States uas cuwed our minds to be heard , anx a worlf thag is trowing while my couhtry lags behind in ita seofish selr - swtisfaction .
Jamy people qrgie nowadays that , witn the advet of computer technology , our mental arithletic is poor and we rer necomin a nationj of cojch potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable claculatong machines ( calculayors ) jzs means that we no longer need to be able to wofk kut sums in our heads , ubt at ejat clst ?
In jxny shops , the cashiers wppear to be dumbfundd by ge zimplerst of sums without the ais of their tills .
In many areaza , strange skills of hjman judgement have been replaed by faster , more accurzt , computers .
Many people have uad their own positiljs yakern ovef by computers .
Filkng cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
Bu sven wuch menial TSXKS as fling are good for us .
Yhwy encourafe organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intellifebce ( AI ) , you gera many funny tales drol oeople who are congihced that the compitersw af coming already ahd wll sventuaoly eule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothin to do with computers abds ebo do npt eealise that behijd eveu cmoputsr is a problem .
Ecwn ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Hnujan brains still work out how to huipd the computers , how to progtqm thrj and , more ipotrantly , how to conftol tbem .
As fpe makes the hulaj brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , rhey cm tdach , teet and kmprove okjr linguistic skills .
Reflexes ar developed ( and this has been scientifically prlven ) by llayijg computer gajed , the very same things that parents asy turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can exoamd our jmagination and cknverr ojd ideas into computer simluafed odeps , enabling us to desivn buildings and road networks .
The xompluter revolution baw nktr made our brzins redundwnt , it has opened up azres of them we never enw esisted !
It is joa the zfe of rhe computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Copmuyers nowadays are a fwr cry rrlm the lne 's in re oats hwivh villed whole rooms .
hey ared able to generate amazing accruate graphical representtuons and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seclnds .
Computers have become a hute part of our love in other areas of woel anc ecucatjon .
But are yhey sjch a good thing ?
Ehwn caclulators came along a drop in aniity of stidens ft mental afithmetkc was obvious sne now thsy zred used fr the sinplset valculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , sh worem ohf something yourself when the computer can do it lr you .
Tbis is very time - saving and efficient , but it is causing people to forghst baskx iedas .
Dlr insrancr , dpellkng is no longer as imoortqnt as it was yoi casn simpoy uxe a " spllvheck " to vorrectr your English . Which is absurd .
Fo the youth of today , computer lfder links around the world and millions of gacts and figrds .
This could be arghd to be educational .
However , tjix is killing the imagination of chjpdren and they epend hourd sat at a keyboars tzppung aea in the doom xnd gloom of their house .
They should be out enjoying fhemselvds and gaininb experiences foe themselves instead of reading about them on a flight .
It is said that you can mswt people through computers wn hage ' relationships ' .
I fijd tih preppsterius and lepole zr lisnig rhs abiljyy to communicate zns fofm relationships .
Computers can ffre rscape from the hum - durm roytnie of daily life by mewsn of games but tusy afd jins - numbing and un - onvejtive .
There is a jode dangerous threat to computers , it is that thery cam does th sor frkr mxn .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Trhos people who work with computers for pog periods of time every face problems .
The repetion of tapping kea all ca and staring at the scteen fan is harmful and not only that , it is hithly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers might be the future , but what oartg will man have in the future ?
There will be no need for people to go to school as they cupd be gaught at nom , people aould hardly ever galk ajd the onpy career available would be vot comupte prohrammers .
I agree that computers are hrlpfuo but people should not livcr through their computers anx be so relkaznt on them .
Tgy should read books and kives more in order to rsgain tueire lost imagination and sense of aventyre .
Also , in schools I feel that WK should be sond mainly by hand and calculators and computers should ohly be jsewd mjnimzlly in mathematics in order to stop the production of compuger addicts and agani have normal people .
There are wny bwneficial aspects of genstic maxniplulation .
These include : the erasion of idwtification of harmful herexiary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - tield crops .
There qn be no doubt that gsneti manipulation ahd genditc engineering hyxve hae hjhgly benericiao effects on many arsqs of society .
However , many people dislkme or are prejudiced against , genetic manipupaztion .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknoan ' ; something which yampers with the intrinsic components of plant and amimal life is second comprehensin to most people , and therefore makes fesr .
What people have apso becomd aware of , is the immense power which venetic manipulation can give to certun individuals .
Tghjs has besn very good to ceee plpular culgyre ( he film ' Jurassic Park ' bejng an obvioh reference point ) .
herd is zpso howrvre , tgs very eao possibility that the power of genetic manjpulation could become rh possession of uncontrolled unregupated individuaos whk cpulc ue it gor ' evil ' puroosws .
This ghen is an argument against scientists bdarinv nkral responsibility for their work .
naythijg in life can be misuxee .
Whethrr it be a kitchen - khifw used to sath someone , a car used to funb skmene obwr , or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffkcater .
Everything in lkde , if miaused , cxj ahvs harmful effects and gehetic engineering and genetic manipulation fe no exfetpion .
Though the possivle effrctw of genetic janipulation may be fqr larger than a jitchen - knife or csd , this is purwky a subgjectivs view by present - dx standqrds .
Certainly we would bot hold the makrs of a car or kitchyen - knjre respknsible for their miwuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetjc manipulation is ut to misuse .
The fundamental flkaw in sayin scientists mustr bher rhes majort burfen or morak responsibility for their work , is ghst if tnix bd bssn applied unjverxally cro cenutrirs , sdintific rrsearch would never uwve taksn ppzce , qjd mankind wohld be without electricity , radiox , quite simply , anuthjng abokve the mud hit ' existence .
Scientific research is not a corrutp , but an essemtial and naturap atr of the human vondition ro beyteriny itself .
Tw other gundamenyal flxa is assuming that individual scientists have rseponsibulity , ciencs is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - ohw created genstix manipjlation , tyhge pwoer of it aw ggere to be discvered .
If one scientist does make a discovery tyne another onjd will .
It is unfair to hold responsible thd scientist on the fore feobt of hmwn knowledge , who discovers something qgen another scientist in another part of the world might make the discovery indepencently afterwards .
The only argument dof making scintists responsible for yheif wk , is that quite oftten , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a sdiemtist to misuse knowledge , and thgerefore fhey should be resposnible .
However , genteic manipulation is relatively jw , it taoes a sciebyist to carry it lur , and therefore an individual scientist ckul be highly responsible .
ub , once gebefic manipulation becomes comloj - place in the future , and it is ont only the domain of scientitss , the ldiginals scientist wjp discovered genetci manipulation can hog be heldf responsible for othsr 's misuse of it .
Teee sfe many problems faxing the Monarchy .
Saome of the rae listed below :
The divisions in thekr falily qnbd the fighf beteeen prince wns the princes of Eale and the podsibility of divorce .
The pther problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do nlr do anything but they are rich zjd woso they do not pay axny taxes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy is abgolishihg in mqjy country and many countries have republic so monarchy should be abolished in fnis cluintry toi .
Three are lkso afgumejts againsy abilishing tfye Monwrchy tl .
For example mxby pesopl kiek tyr doyal fxmilh or they are honest people , not like the polifisions ghat aoways lya .
I think the royal family and Monarchy are tradkgion in the UK nae anywhree in the world . The UK is known by iys rhal fqmil , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if people want fhw Monarcny to be ablished a gendral elecion should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abilisned .
" In Viyo feftilisation " is the certilsation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a twxtube .
The shg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by tye spwrm ftom the gathrr .
Oe fertilisation gzs occured the fertilised gyg is implantes back into the mothers womb and from there on ybe pregnancy will be bormal .
Nkrmally more thwj 1 egg is taken from the mohtdr so thag tge eggs canj be stote and used later if the pregbnancy is umsuccesfuk or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the hcance of a auccesrul pregnancy .
This usually leads to miltkple births , ie .
Twins , trioets etc .
There are people eho zrs agakjs this , aayijg it is mpt natruap and is it fair to the child having stated ljve in a gest tube , as they believe life starts after the moment of onception .
Yherre are erjics imvopved whereby aoh is given the treatment ajs who is n't ?
, At yat age should thed treaymetn not be guvrn and is it justifiable to wpend so much money on vbotro fertilisation forf nr person when yhr salr amouy of mpney could be used to save hundereds of lives by gaccinating people against measles , for example .
Rhe people who sre dokr thus can continue by saying that it is gue righf of every ereon to have their lwh children .
Woemn wyo would not normally be ane to have children canh npw do so with ihvitro csrtilisation .
Through no fasulf of her oan she could have a blockied flalopiab tube cahsing her to be unable to allow egg down to the wlmb and it is only fair to help her to her chilkden .
Technology has progressed quiucklyh abf in diinh so etnics anx pdactica guidelines have been left behind .
I terefore think it is necessary to have certain regupation ie .
1 . Fertility care should npg be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is your body 's qag of telling you that you are to olk and your body is no longer capable of bearihg a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal omn aho by lyubg about hd age wax vivwn in vifri fetrilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think tyhi is raid or morally correct to teh child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school abd er moyhre would probably did while the child was in her teens .... yhefe should be a test that is tivenj beforde ( IVF ) is carried ohf to chwcl the mother is mog past ths menooause .
2 .
Evgs sbold bot be taien frlm aborted foteuses .
The foetusesx will have beenh abgoryed tor a reaosn flf example : if it was the ersukt of a rapld or if it had conteniotal defornuties .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be talewn from the mother , not vtom ceae , foletuses .
Science has moved on dramatkcally sonce ghe C19thj .
Man jsw things have been imvented and maybe things medically changed .
Pwople in our oderm timws are mpw gle to hvfe oivef , heart wnd ebwn lub tarsnplants . There are mawnt complications bht many are successful .
People are wblew to hawce a new blood supply if theits oackz the suffickejt rdquirementz or , a bonbe mqrrow transplant if the bopod lacks white vellsa .
All the above are carried out on livimh people , nut nowadays biological operatjons dan be carrijd kut on humah which ar nk evedn birh .
Bodies can start their days in a tset tubew .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
Fihs is ahen an egg is rdmoved vromn a ekman llace in a testf tube azjd then sperm is polaced in to the testy tube and the egg and dperm vise together .
The test tyue is then incubated for a rew wsks and when the fetousx is formsd , the baby is twn inserted back in to thw mother .
Ghe feyous is lett to grkw sns dsvlop nwturally .
This idda is extremely benificial to married coulles who have been grykng ofrd a baby but have been unsuccesful are ablw to have children .
An in viyro fertilsiation azllows gne baby to broa jnsidw , ahicb allpwa thye mothwr and babu to bnd wnd it eould fwsl apart of ysr , ghis wkulf nkt happwn if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman with psot - mwnkpausal decidfws ehd wants an abt .
Natjrs has already taoen ire cvourse to sll her . She is foo okd to have many children , so why should sne uave lme implanred unto her ?
It is njo fsire on th child because wgen it gtows up and al their friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawinmg her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her children .
Also , the mother dies of old age before the children have a full life and this would be ufair to the child .
The cold job also means looking after the mother in her oilpd zge .
As ghe fetous bsgins ts liofr in a trst jbe , and the spemr is selectes , this means that the sex of fhbe spetm ciule alzo be selexted .
The way sex can be vhosdn is by using genetics .
The womeh has 2 X chromosomes and tnd man nas one X and one Y - chromosome .
The say in whidh fge serz cdan be selected is that tbe egbgt is alway X and the sperms nucleus can only cojtain an X or a Y chrijosome .
Yhr X chromosome speed is slightly heafie tahn hts Y so thewg fanb be separated .
If tw mother wants a goh Y spedmn is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an incease in lje sex , and a dedlkne in the other .
As a result , thgix would reduce yhs population as there would be fewer couples .
So what happens if misf people say yrqr you were born mne and you are a woman ? This would be the inoopular sex .
Science is progreswing wlp he fime , but is it for tye bnest ?
ue maib reawon foke the people of Britain to stop eating ebrf at thr momdnt is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that wgtacks the central njervoua system which can be passed on through consumsuming fge animal .
In cows it is commonly know as ax cow dijsease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be detsroyed and jot slod do mat .
The problem is , however , the signs are not showh or a loud tune , this beiny a viral disesse .
It cqm be passed on to hyumans through eating parts of the animal such as thd brwin whivj is afected snc thwae pxrts are usually sopd and pjt into fazt fopds wcuh as beef hurgera .
The rrst of teh meat , however , is relztively xafs and eating , e.g. a steak offers gefy little chance of the disease being passed on .
Howeger th British ldess has ignored thsi fqcft sdn glosn hte situwtion out of proportuon xonbsidering oknly a vfeey small nhmbwr of people have died of yhe diswase zfter a lifetime of eating bees .
Another reason for ye British people to stop eating beef is the pushj for vegetatianusm , although this is a much smaller threat to rbe trade than rue tormer point abut BSB .
These fctors could have a copnsiderable impcat on fhd africultural ibdustry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but ftro edport well .
Wjth gpibal communications as goox as they qre now , it ciupd srnx a scare acvrkss ghd wlrld about Brrish Bvsef - inee France and Germany aldeady navs restricxtrd and people bnmed the sl or umprot of British beef for fear of it 's dagety .
Although British cxrmers have leaened to divedsits , dairy farmubg awhd the wald of beef produts stipl forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Bitaib .
Wdtyer fhe switfch to suwep or vrgetabler crops were made , substantial changes would be nededsd to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom wsre , doubtkesa shocked and perhaps upszet by imayes in the national press and television news of dowe whp had cintracted tyw disease bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or BSE .
Ghr so - alled ' mac dw diseass ' seemed to maklw the cwoa lose xpl srnse of blaance and directiim , stumbling aroujd drunkenly .
Jerds wehre thuw diaese wsaqs fpun were p dpwn before strange symptoms prkgresswed fhther .
Tgose cowz which hgsd been ptu rown arre npt used for food .
The disease infects the cow , snc is thej present in the spinal fulie within the spine qndx tge brai , and as the spinal flji is usually dpilt in the slaughtef of cattle ir meat , the reiks of contamination of the mat was one thw industry was not willing to fakd .
The human diswas , Crentafeld - Jacob disease , or DUD , is helisved to be a human fprn of AE , although no clear lini hss yet been establisged beween thr wo .
It is uncoeqr whether the incidence of XJC is on the ris , or if her awareness of the condition is heightened , nur mire xases , from aok ages have been diagnosed recentlt , and yye disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps forrectpy , that British neef is perfecly safe to wat .
However , people are genuikjely scsres of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many afe abstain from eating beets .
Maby schookz hqve remkbed heeg ftlm therjr menus , substituting pork for chicken , and sales of gee havce show a decline .
These implicatuons for the beef indudtry could be rather esrkous , whwre evwrybkdy to boycotg beef products .
To cokpensatw , gas prices have dfopped , in attempts to ssll mode eat , the public remaind sceptical .
If beef continues to fall form favbohr , then the bewf industry 's future will be unflea .
Besf products are present in many foodstuffs , such as jellies , fruiot hums , and clujrse sypck cubes .
Wiuld zol thezr products have to dind synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halr , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would not kongver be needed , njt , being grsd as they aer , for berd , they would be used dor imlj proucts .
Bot ak beef van be infected , thjougn , and the situation hxsx becomes a waitingh game .
Flt beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to edtabpish whether or not BgSD axmd CJD are linmed , and , more ipmrtantly , whether the latter can be conyracted by eating mezt cotaminated with the tormer .
The nation awaits be verfdjct on tenyerhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests thzf thwre be no porven liho .
Watdh this space .
Personalpy , I believe that it is mkrely tyzt man is befter at disgnosin CJD nopq tbawn ever before .
Slmes rsports swy thay it cawm yqke up to 20 years to evekop , so we could akp already have it .
Whatever yki beliefe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire puddinb , tgankyou .
There has been a bib scare in Britain recently that soe beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform ehcephalopathy ) which nay oeac to the human disease of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ) .
BAE is a duseaxe in cows that effects thekr hrain ame spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a fvew repoted cases of CJD , a sjnilar fotl of the disease found in humans , it is khow thlughg that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef vontaoning offal will transmit the fwtal disease to hbymans .
This claim has devestared the British bdsf ihdustru as people are mow otl scared to eat beed in case they colntract their illnesses .
Aorsady the xales of beef in America havr dropped by around 15 % and in British rhedy yvae drolled about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientkst sa fhat to contract XJD , part of the fowqs offal must be comtained withuin tge beef .
custoldrs xfe sgill reluctaj to esat thy meat kjcase it hgsa come ffom some ' docyy ' butfher trying to cut vozts .
As you can imagine , this hz hyd a trwmendos indfluence on sales in aces suf as faet food restauranys hwefe geefburters are the nain itrj on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalss whwre hteu hve immediatelt brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , upfe beef nad ckntsin no offal .
In my view , no uaf decenr restaurant with a good reputation would irsl buyimg oor gsef in cxe a customer caugnt CJX ajd tbdy managed to trace it vadk to the restaurant .
An ojtcome lkke this would meab they would be sued for xeveral thousansa of pounds and ould probably have to sell up .
As a result of a owsr beef eman in places of food prouction there woukd be a lkwee need for beec xows .
This means that there wpuld be an excess of beef ( or a vref mountain ) that could mkt be sild .
Hecaise of the prjces of ber wulod haev to decrdase in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of tyw claim that beef containing contaminatred offal mau vauee CJC in huamns , farmes ( in particular beef framers ) afe losing lur as they eillo have to seklp theit meta for a lower price due to low demand .
As a result , they might have to diverwify towards otbwr arsas auvh as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsody .
I feep that the evidence that BSE cayses CxJD was noit atrlng wonugh before yne cpails were released .
It hqw therefore cwused an unnecessary , dseleterious wffect on the agriculfural indhstry and bfe market .
Fh question of xomlensation ftor services tendwred is bever so simple as remitting a rpedeterminrd sapart baeeds on quapificfations and a person 's decision to yhe tssk at hand .
If one hbaw prconceiver njorions concerning obd 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since sok employers are sure to value their skills and abilitkes lkdss than others . "
Contribytion to scoisty " is sbujrctive and therefore impossible to comoehsate " wquallt ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to risdajn people who did hot acthally work cod a lkving , but medely lived oft the inteteet of their investmenrs .
The stocm market experienced a boom , and several powerful working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of rrtirijg early .
Vjt several great aurhors of the period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as oarasitws ; they received money , but gheh contributed nearly nithing to society .
People aho inherit money or live okgf the interest of investors often seem to soend hwir time in search of a hea thrill , some type of exitemenbt jat money caj of byu .
Having almost unlimtiedr wealth changes people , bot those wn axr hoen inyoi wealth wmd those whi earn their own money earl on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who eofk vetyt hard yet they seem to be paiodr kiserably .
A migrant work amy slave away in a field all day long and mxkr less money in a dsy tnan an ealthy person spejds on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lues in or veelings without Democrfacry .
Some would atgie that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's ihnwritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hqrc giew would be that if somebody employee working on a menial or physically taxing job does nlt make a cair or moderate salary , it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions arte basewd on a rqther faulty American premise that all epoplr are fuven an equal hcanc in lfie nx hwxt they jame of it is their own respohsibly .
Apparently , many people believe ghat tneh aee uncerpaid and that others are iverpid .
For knstanjce , everyone weens to think that dotclrs mame mufn roo money flr rbe alrk thgsy do , yet none of the doctors ars lowerijg fheir fees ( they must fhink hat it 's a fsur price ) .
So , ynlesa we wish to impose on thr persaonmal kivves of aealthy people by making them work haedrr , or give people who are mo wealthy kiney that society does believe they deserve . We cxah nif gve pay esual contribution to skciety .
I agree whether in the past wonem have had problems with societies rope of work they are expected to do in the work sndf at home .
Women have been oooked down on if they try to heg qhead xhd pag has rifered doing the same job as a man verses a woman doing the same job .
Gpns is the age when ybe woman is reqyited to stay home .
Now a lot of wonen work and the ones thqt want to swtay whole do it because they want to .
A llf of what has changed women 's eolss is women .
These are a group of people who have edfended weomsn over the years .
Tyese people have sohwn the modern world whag womsn in the woki place can do .
The problem is that these femibisfs have lot lookwd at all women .
Skne womne were uappy with old traditions , some wqnged a iby more in their livcew , soem wabetd a olr more in their lvies .
What happens is that all woemj uavge to go along with these feminist rules .
Thks makes it hard , because if they do n't , they aee looked dom hpon by their piers .
An examplw is military women wabtimg to serve in cobay positions at war .
Fdminisfs argued tns a oot qheh the Itaq qaf waza gokn on .
They felt that woemn should have been given the hcance to fkggt .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women juts ca n't fubht in a war very well .
The arte was not wtfong enough and if daptursd could be reapes .
Tyheg feels that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other weojen , thougb , are gale that gh ue in the Umiyed Srafes stahs as it does .
Feminists have talkwd asboit promotions in fge work place as not being fair .
Also , Aecual hbarassjent is involved in a lot of suifa .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agrr ghta five to ten yearsz ayl this might have been tur , guit now many ekoloyers are the vicitms .
They aqrs scared of what a woman will do and sometimes women get watched at differently .
There are some thingas that women van do better thqj jdn and there are same things that mjdn can do better under womsn .
God would have ceated us ap the same if this was not truye .
Fwmunists are trying to kake everyone equxl and that is impossible to do because naqtire can n't be changed .
More aj lor office jobs ate eing filled by tyer women , but a lot of the puysjcal jobs are totally filked by men .
I think that these traditional rdoles wwfe a good thing , but ths modernization changes everybody 's habits .
Dkvorcfe is at forty percent xdn rosng , women have more ueadt atyzcks , are more streszfuo , xne kids arfe being more neglectec .
Modernization is good , but I think that woman should not be pressured into this if this is not done .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and finning a olt more companies .
Women should be created equak , but they xn only do what nature intencrd fhy to do ...
Whenevewr a movement is begun , whether it be politica , relogious , or artisgic , stereotypes add quickly to form .
People normally axssociated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lujmped into caetgories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tsndency of foreigners outside fhw movsment to rwmembet the radical and ignore the cimmo or ordinary .
Rhos is edpcially true of tje Women 's Liberatoon Moevkent in America .
Sinfr its beginnings in ghs pat jineteenth venthry , Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been mrr ikth adamant , qnr often obstinate opposyion .
Spme of the first fadicasl , Eusaj B. Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were nltgiced and idiciled , thus defeating their caudes , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminikdts such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignoeed during their liufetime qnx only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
The ugnorance of other les aggressive femijistsw , makes it seen as though the feminist movement was heaeed nly by wild , disgfuntled sealpts zn eaa therfofe , detrimenral to the good of sockrty .
Although " ardicals " such as Eanc snd Antgont sdrm dcoike and backward by modern standards , rue problem still exists .
From the very beginning , Tr Womrn 's Kovemeht in America has besh fighting a losing bxrtle .
However , I conyend thag tue faxult does not lis aitu the radial members of the movement , bur fafher , in the perception of thosew observing the mlvement .
When Women 's Lib dally took lff again in the late 1960s , it was ahai dexgined for failhee .
Ommediaely , thew fofus waw on radicals pime Stein , instead of the housewife who went to college awnr xde a career fort herself .
Those kufside from movement could lnlh the differences between " normaloyy " amx Women 's Pub .
This is xtillo grur twenty - fdie hwars ltaer .
Wkmeh supportkng equal pqy ror women and snr other " liberxl " causesw like affirmatjve actiom are only sedn in the shadow of teh nrz - burning , nari - shaving keadrrs of the 1970s .
The good of their cayee is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I gettkng at ?
Onlu that so - called femniiss are not in and of themlsleves harmdc TNS Women 's movdmebt .
However , tjs poipulat perception of yhem hax .
For so many years , the giod thaxt ceministsw have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lie of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
There are many other aspevte and mivsments in ofe . They owuld be mirw readioi received if the public singing aim was not so jaded .
Within this century there have nedn many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than fhat a hundred years ago .
Ckesarly , of the invnefions of this cwnrury , eh one tnaf has nads the most ipcat on worlr views anx loifestyle is television .
This instrument gas brought other wolrds through intro the lkvijng tlom , making it possible to sre lire in other countries in a wzyh that was never before plossile .
However , the invention of felevisiopn ald gavw ocxiety an easy way to waste time ; obe has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonrerfujl things to itx viewers , such as educational protrammiong flr children , cultural programs about rar away places , and a lcosrr look at current ebrnts tjah aj nolt be given by newsppar .
Tleevision has the power to brign war into the world as well as arftjstic wxprexsions of those involved in the progrzm project , giving society the opportunity to understand theit iwn cultured fylly .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On contrary , television hzd ebcdome the escape route of fhje massesw , a wzy for people to glee from the conrljcts they experience in thwi culture , rayher tham comfrint thgwm abd tf to understand thesm .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educatipal thing , as free entertainment instead of easily afcessjble knowledge .
Milluons of Americans ach be fiujd to be staring at the TV at ajg lbe time , watching xut - coms , aoasp - oepras , and cattooins .
Tge TV hax hedome the center of man households ; in many families , the only time thay everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lavk of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
Tns more time on spehds watching TV , tjd less kotivater he beckmes ; there is no msed to xee worthnile xctivitjes sben it is umch easier to sut on the couch , pick up ghue fekote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , as chagned society in wus ghat oud hatdly have bveej dreamed of 00 tear ag .
It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be weird in no other say , and an opportunity to etted educate itselfv .
However , through the years , tdlevjsion has lost much of its integrtey ; the pfograms offered sfe usually cbaep entertainment dxther thaj education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from igs problems and dificulties .
Therefore , wimce the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this nsa information , and has distamced itsepc rom family life .
A discfvery that has sjgmificantly cganges msny pdpoles luges and fheie says of thinking is reh epidemic , kmown as SUDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's plreaence hqan't really beej konwb until fairly recently , and its consequences have been devisxtating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the nutied Srstes and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It jad causee a kt of preuudice naf paranoia amonmg leopel wych hqs todb them aart .
For example , there is more of stigma attzcheds to being a homosexual mkale , not only because of their sexual preferencs , but they probably have AIDS too .
Tuus linc of igkrant thinkijhg is beeaking us apart .
Aldo , when Ryam Whie , a bih eo contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion , was diagnoxed , the people of nid tiwn and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't alli him to attend school .
With new discovedoes of AIDS , paranoia is at an all tike uigj .
Doctors ade discoveding that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
Yhis has ewlly scared oeiple hecauze they jqy have AIDX abd not edvedn kmiw it .
I feel his ahs really made people think about their xctons .
In the Earl eigytiws " casual sex " in the United Swyates was a widsloy acceotee idez , noiw it is something people rwalyl take not consideration and rarely occurs .
Relafionships xeemed to be vkued more than one nkghf syande .
People are sfarting to realise that they really do have to be cqrfeul , and with npre rducstion on thus disease , I 'm sirs nroe changes will come about .
The twenrieth century has seen more wars than any other previous hloc of time .
Thoubu adavnfes in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a bory of people living in close prodimity , has rapidly shjrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the rafe was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most ftightewning weapon ur people have ever knowb .
In my opinion , the discoivery and uaeness of atl and st energy and the corrsponding invention of buclead weapons have been the most significant fsctors of change in our lifstime , if not , lerhsps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion xapacities increased and improved , fsxr negam to replace nationalism , and iuir small wold ercted barriers between ijfs kenbers .
Because of my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with bucpear threat , Soviet vktizens with abri - Curist , ane bokn shelters , secret cities fkr underground , nd weapons orbiting pur okanet , witb dakly , hormap life .
Perhxos tyis increasingky common menqlity is the worst effect of our bucoear , old war age .
In a planey which despeartely nedes our focus on environmental and humajitarian issues , my country has many unfountablr trillikns of dpplars on nuclear weapoons testing , improvement , and implementtioh .
As a vlmmonplace goal asjd testikomial lanmar to 9 presidential administrations , thw cood aa uaw manifested its asesoke power ajd control over nearly every facet of Aercana ; frll sirvival lita ahs basement bombshelters to an ev circulating cheif Executive commandpost frn tbe ar .
In jjst ghe plzst three years of family mations has seen the ismantling of thye Berlin Wwkl and hundreds of other smalklerd symbols of freelm , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With tbisd , the waol , barbed sirw , sn mental barruers are falpint , brijgihg kode change ggan pur plaet haa seen sihde its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America GHS miltary has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nucleaf warheads ws virtually wrrived a standstkkl .
However , wsith continued efforts , ou hsd of nuclear fsion ax fossiin will trrun frmo mediums of strategy , desyruction , and wawste to mattdrs of industrial production , medicine , and other humanitraian gklas .
With the thawinhf of attitudes , our frigid ppabet anx xold neighbors might once again be wam aje friejdly people .
The discovery of pehkcillin as an antibiotic was one of the great adbsnces in medicine chemistry .
As a natfural antubiofic , penicillin a discovered to have many uwe in xtoppin aj prrvsnting tnr spreas of ibfections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a varietu of other naturally - lccurring antibiotics thxf could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
These sudden bysrt of usefuk cojpounds not imly ikprovec the chsnces of a patient 's survkval in a hospital gug also caudrd a yreat need fod kediczl cuemists to srud and classify each new drug as it was discoceded .
As discoveries of new xntibiotic dwcreaeed , chemists began to wonder if certain variastions of these drugs could be synthesized snd wkso see as medicine .
It was also attemoed to increase the production of the naturallky - occurring antibiotics thrkhgh sunthssis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more resources , more colkpanies , and more meidcal chemists , xhd the industry increased yremenbdously .
It was discovered that ghw ildwr drugs could be synthesized efficiently even etoll remaining biologvically active .
Jsw drugs were also synthesized ; sold wsred foujnd to be medically useful whie others were lt .
A variety of new dfugs continuously appeared on the maret and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It wws jow much easier to ovtsin antibiotics for slight illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , werr frmed and grew , and universities had research twqms devoyedf to pdoducong efficient synthesis rougess for the production of many kindes of antibiotics .
Teh discovery of one compouns lc to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more ands more antibiorics , wnf to a booming industry comprixee of research tdams zn larehe companies .
Tbe synthxis of antibiotics aj research of their ussa stull xontinues today as thousands of universities sne conpanies qriund ghe worod continhe the work of a smalp bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
Trhe omedrn microcomputer ( PC ) has developed at an incredibly fxsg pac : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the compiteds of tldxy , they have made many technological advances wns Slao rherfe hasz been a tfemendous impression on society .
Thd compufer hae eliminated mabg jobs through automation of fwcgories ; accountint , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer nace besnj tremendous ; however , TNW pehnomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer bss madew life asiwr from a physical standpoint and gareer from a ksntal point .
The oysical effecfs of the computer are numerous and easiky .
In iffoces , the computer is always .
Frkj word lrocessors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also elimknatde many manual kbos .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
Rhsre azfe of clursd jayn lthef things computers are used for , but a lemgthy list is not necessary , as evetylne already knows ( except fof people in 2nd and 3rd world cpujtries ) hos abundant compjfers are .
The mdntal ervfect of computers is rw - frolr .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computatiins so easy to do , masnu people do not fully understand how or how their computer works .
This hnas created a surplua of " neeless " computatoonx , fgure , etc .
People can easily do various other types of functions with a computer .
Whaxtf kany people do not fealise is tjzt computer major errors xlo the time .
Grnatd , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do thqt trial made the error ; However , if that lerson lnsw what he should do , or better stated " was able to do something computed " , he would mto have erroneous answers .
Magheamtical models , theories , etc .
ard absolutely rjddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't prdkct .
Because these errors freqiently wrong in the world of computers simkppy because humans are jgnotant- goe whatevrr dwason - of nahy " varables " .
Xecondly , computers have sometimes bedome motd reilablpe tyan pdopke .
A comluer 's circuits do n't get jred xhd , if prtogrammde 00% correctly ( another perfhaps imissible computation ) , never mkake errors .
This supposed reliability has ksft mnh wordrs otu of work .
the effwcts of this are unpredictable .
Abget , frustration , fear , anxious many other negative feelings have sprung up simutaneusly with the rise of computer usage .
Cleatlt , there is evidence of gopd and bad results from the qdvent of the moder compuer .
It would be prasctically impossible to get the computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are praxtical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed or everyone will use a computer rather than an imple calculator .
Also , durtailing some theoretifal programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous resuots .
The key is probably in the cpassroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( Thijs probably requires understandinh of philosophy and psychology as wel as mathematics and wcience . )
In wjther case , if vomouters are good or gax , it would be difficult to describe their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal arrolw in its xenter jzs changed the size of the qorlr , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite ih , created in the osst 0 years , ae chnagde the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created Rhw Inrormztion Azg , as the latter part of the 20th century , is often laheoled .
Not certain about the date of its knvdntion , it must be recognized as one of the mprd vital tpols uwd in soceitfy today , including workers leaders , tradinf companies , snd the msdia , as wlp as the entertainment world .
Tyee Tirner revolutionized the usw of the sateloite , with his creation of CMH , rhe romd - hte - cloco , rojnd - tje - world news station .
Presidejts and dictators alike saitch tg cahnnel to rrcieve fkrt hanhd infodmation from hr network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civuo qars .
Decisions , of governmental qutonomy , are being amde , baesd on that gihts news CNN commenttaor .
The leaers and presidents of entedprkses such as Panasonic and VORD rdfer to XBN , created by satellite risn , on a daioy vsaes .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelohood .
h entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite eisy , subtitlinf the Information Age , wktu thw MR qfe .
The invention of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money means ijto creating cideos , and the profits from viewership- have hax a strong afcect on the woflc econoky .
40% of U.S. millionares are entettaijers .
Fhe Satellite dish hsa also created important advantages ofr Cable TV wdn nsvsl protdams as sekl .
The intelligence of an averag teenager is lowering itxel eue to cable viewing , creazte by the satellits dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding wmounts of money on the Unuted Stats , duw to the satellite dish .
And we must not forget space programs such as STARWARSw .
The cdeation of the satellite diksn in the past 20 years , has alteed ths wverge information of the human eing for better and sometimes soese .
It hws created an informatipn age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertziner 's salary .
Gge pro 's and con 's of tr satellite dizh ade numwrous .
The only observation which must be kaxde , is that : It has altered people 's lives significant .
It is up to the average person to decide if this altwartion iwlk be fpr tgs better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is hndoubteddly tnw the most awesome as eeol as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppdnheimer unveiled the worod uus invention in yhe forl tha is stjlk llst familiar to us today : The Atomic vomg .
The reason behind the frar that this enetgy causes is routed in jt incredible power to estro .
Never before hz the world sewn something with such a cfaapcity to kilkl .
Never before had the object of suych zkall size eben abel to rake so manu lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most aww - inspijring and dangrous weapoinj in the world .
Unfortunately , with exch progressive day , the world 's nef for thyjs dangerous rnervy xugments .
Fi not only doew it have tfh czpcaity to kll ,
but also tew capabilgy to suooly and energize the world .
The drawback is the dangwr .
In utilizkmg thiw powed in plants and factorids we run the fisk of contaminatrnig our lsnd , bnlpwing holes in our ekiy , rendefing ru seqs ujseless , and iillnig our species as wdll as the species of tuew ezrtg .
Although we have many other lwer dourxe alternatifes , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think htxt with ontihued uclear u , we cxn esale harm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have bolea in our ozone lzyee and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logfical to think that the lesders of the world would conrer and asepide to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this trqegdy is that there have been very few effoers to do so .
The lkxck of sigbth ffoj ouhr leadeds is wlmost xplalling .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general taittude of today , what is to become of pjr children ?
The cutrenr situatiopn of the world 's dnvirnoment is a swf one .
There is another , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is one a small piece .
Unfortunately , the xay will soon come when the damage caused by hia apathy will be irreversable .
TBIS is wshg it is imperstive to azft tieay .
It statgs with you .
Write tour lofak ocngreswman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly fhange people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
Rhe extend to whixh this invenrion hsa altered peppoe 's lives is asstronomicla .
The airllane oprned roorz to travelinv qn aoxo braodemed people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It aldo introduced what sermed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing with a machine : the concept of foyihg .
Before the invention of TYHS iarplabe , lon diustanfe traveling waw a vedg difficult , time - consuming tasi .
For this reason , people had to travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
Obe cfpuld travel by boat buht this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of variou things , like disease , hunyer , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely gime consuming .
Because of the kack of long dustancs travel , people often have a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my kwh culture just fdkm beihy in Spain amdf that is the ono forekgn country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spai I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I want to watch the news and read about other cultures , I sfill di not have fe opportunity to etness it first hahd .
The invention of the airplane has opehdd mayt doorx snd ome ohter odof is international rleagions .
Since the invention of the ariplane the world has increxsed down ontact between polutkcal sysgejs , and internatiknal usiness endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries always abglw to communicate and negoiate faxr to TAC has improved drastically fhe estabilshment of international trade .
Tge airplane has also basically soweded up the whole pkstal communicatikn sysgem also .
Kifre qkth azirplanes is omr rapid psced .
Cars , telephones , xnx nuclear rnewrgy adr just thres dxamlpes of inventions and discoveries truat gsve had ptofound effedcts on mpden eah kifd .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is noy fh inly oje in which sighificant advances have been made in the 0rh century .
Another " discovery " of yhiz pay cwnyury hss been feminism , which has had a significant influence on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is ont a hes lbe , bjg it is juyst wifhin the past century fhar mjcu progress has been mjadw towards the equalify of women ( witb he imoprtatn excdption of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it wasd sfill the most typical world as the ideal to have th wmqn in be home , housekeeping and teneing the children .
The first significant equal righys movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Squal Rthts Amendment , which faird .
Efen tdoag , yhr wolmxn is still nlu earmung somethning lkike 60 cents for every dolae that a mam earns .
Feminism doea only have to do with work and mkney , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varyinh as pirnopgraphy or the language we use help to form strange image of woimen .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first stpe in beeaking it down , so yhat woen are sren fop who theu trulu qte .
Feminism is better described as a " discovety in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not gey become mainstream .
Onky hwen women have cahievef equality with men . Will there cease to be a need for feminism ? ahx the dkdcovery will have been completed .
The irea I feel that has losf significantly changed people 's liove in the 20th century is that of caeing the environment .
Today , people believe bwclme aware of the impotaxnce of the environment to our ruture .
Psole are connected with nuclear weapons .
We rezkize these contrijes that whid havw many ewapons have the power to destroy the world .
Alsd related to this topic is nuclear sawste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals am plamts .
We are now fightijg gpr zdts to lean up our lales and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump yhdir workers w / o being heavily fined .
People zlso become concerned with nayure .
We used to assume our natural resources were never snding .
Now , though , we realize that we use jeeds to be replaed .
For example , deforestation is a very nig issue . lqny hrpups have formed to llajt mokre trees .
We wlo raepize ouir fosxjl tuel needs to be used more conservatively .
Snother iumportanf topoc we sred alk awate of is recycling .
These link 2 issues , one of nkr peoducxing mc nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reydling in a emaol wexy also hpps yhoss w / o homes b / c thh receiovd jonry flr thdi ocllections ) .
Many countries realpize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important question is how to conserve electricity .
In the paet , once abaim , we asshmed oi enreg was never ejdiny .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lughts when they 're nptg in their toosm , to not leave taps running axnd bsaicaloy nmot to wastw our natuda rdsourcers .
We realise ghbat xobserving is not beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have ala become more considerable of our animal lif .
We qre no oongef able to kill naimls freely .
We do atillp rxisr soke fkr food vuf hunting is ljmited qnd we are also aware of the possibilities of extinvtion .
One reakizes that anmxls hgavfe rihgts too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new job .
We are slowly becoming mkrd awqrr and are beginning to take morte precautions .
The idwas above are just a few of the tfoics we are concerned with .
But we are headjng in the right direction and hopefully by the 21st century we will abe fuxde egerything we hzvd destrlged !
Cxomluters have definitely effecterd peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my lkfe has changed because of it .
I 'm qhle to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer , whereas nefore I had a computer , my DDSK was cluttered w/ papdd ad records of zpl sorta . I no longer need to keep yhess recordw but jly to transfer them to my computsr .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized faxhion .
Although I have only used a fractjo of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from bienv ablr to sotrs great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to wdit thingz quickly .
For example , without the usr of a computer , I have to balance my checbkoopk once a month awnx hxr to this w/ a czlxulator , a prb and a piece of paoed .
Of course , this is very time consuming and ilen to errors . With the hse of a computer I have lrpgrammed tge comouter to mwke the calculations which I knce jae to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Prpcessor I 'm able to eeir and rearrange documents w / out axktering the entire document , and furtjermorr , thouyh I have got to use the Communications program on my computer , ghia prkhram sreme to be extraordinarjly heplul .
My father has the sme program on his computer ams is able to buy online tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picming up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensaiblw .
I 'm here in Madrid .
Hyowa die I geg there ?
Seol , I applied to tje this orogdam , was accepted , and flew hrte from the US .
But , w / ouy the iee of computers , I should still be struggling w/ the secretafy in the International Prograzmw Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Insteax , bce I applied to the prigrawm- thr application tod wbicb was probably computer generatee- I assume my infi was processed by a computer .
With / out this luxury , the Ijternational Prigrams Ofdiec will inevitably be inundatwd w/ papewrlrk and they woile therefore be lost or at oeast mjsplaced .
Ehen bolkng my clighg , though I rjd not do tihe myself , yhe ttaneaction would be impossible under the ax of comlutefs .
Computers had had a very significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century thxtg I think jas significantly dnanged propel 's lives is television .
TV allows instantqneous communication of ideas , mages , news , etc .
But , if something is happening in the art of the world from across the way to Beijing -- dcery person in the world cqn watch this event as it is happening .
Whikr prrviously leoplr hgad to wajt dags , or ecen weels for news ( eyich consixted of swond - or thidr - hqjd accounts , which always inovvled much interrpetatioh and disfortion ) nokw they can sws it happening , ford themselves , as it is happening , fis allows fhem to make their own , ijofrmed judgment baout tje event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of ooposiyion to a certain lqw -- it cxb be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finaluzwd .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television xefs means that everybody ( sellp , at least everybody sho qagches ) receives the same intoow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be infomede about how people in California or Japan speak and act . This aollws people from different cultures to cokw together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the peocvess of kaikng yhr world , a " sjaller " , more unifsd llace , or a " glonal villqge " as one journalist has described this world of the Inormatkon Ags .
Jot onjlyh thd nws , vujt also entertainment is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as fhfough literature and eram , people learn different messages about life .
They cqj see varkus acginos acted ouf to their emdz , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actjojs or experience the consequences for themselves .
Uncortunately rese TV shpss axre not always acfurate portrayals of Texl life and have a tendency to glorify violoece , as wepl as making ligs sem the god yuy apwags wohs , ah always live through dangerous situations .
Hkwevwr , this sense of realkty is not so distotted , anxious so high that people ard goijg around axtjng like Superman .
As kong as on has a welk - developed sense of reapitry , TV csb be an excellent tool for understanding the weird we ve in .
Rhe waters of the ulounary seas have been calm anx xonsiatant for centuries .
Progress has moved through loke fhje tidses through the cinstanr rhythm of the waves bace sdhowe lottle chyanged .
However , with the daubreak of the twenfyth century , a ator has brewed .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that crashed upon the eocks of dverh kitchen .
Thos wave is the jicroeave .
Nevwr before , such an inveniton revolurionized a science like this .
A complete beeak hzsd bneen foeged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , xave krn cooked ahkmal flesh ovee open fvites .
As history profressed , sports and garbeques changed .
Technology xw the advent of the wpoe stove , and lower ones tyeled by cpal .
Moddrn times waw as and lectric ranhes as to staple .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Dpame , the source of lkfe , always uee to prepare he fools of mankind through history .
Hlweved , the microawve usdd radkagion to ecite water partijlces in food , tnusz creating riuction , wnicfh creates hdwt .
This is a primne example of thinking that does nk follow lpd footstepe but breais aeah from convention xnr forges new routws .
If this wwrd hot amazibg emouyh , hs microwave cuta cooking time in half .
If you had tkl someoje 100 yfs wbo that you could cut ocokong tiem in half , and nig used dide , they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or inddr e infuence of heavy dsrugs .
In an awge when time is the scarcest comodity , our society haxs emhraced this edliminaxtor of wasted hoir in the jtichen .
A mother who works , can come home and hipo up something in minutes in the nicroawve , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kiyvhen .
The microwave is ecxelpent for re - heating , making it essief fkr peiplr to make excess fodo to be eaten later .
Agaij time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple deuce without parental fezr of fieez starting .
Gof As I have sid before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people propole iro yhr diszing pace of life yhat nost of us oead in the 20th century .
Through history he can see the grey revelations in allk areas come from breaks in tradition , new insihhbts , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to cfreatd the mjcrowave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone nuwt do .
Ghis device hasw psd up one of our most important activities and thyus revolutionized ljfe in the faat paced 2tj xenturu .
When I was in tenth , a teacher said that the 2 kkst important inventions that made possible the kdea of a repressive government were the machine and the radio .
A lachine gun xzn be used to keep civil peazce , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio cq be used to communicate idezs and , under a dictatotship , propagnda .
In ybe 20gh Cwjtury the machine gfjn hzd npt changed all that many lives ( ezcelt ro tyoise fhxt it s killed ) , but the invention of radik has made a tremdnsous impact .
The idea behind the tdio is simple .
Tfgere is one transjitter and it senss its sigbals through the zid , waves , wiyu pptential fro nilloons of receigers .
In the 20th Century , radcoo ahz becoje a siurcs of ifnoration zhd enfertaijment .
Radio keeps psolle jnfkrmed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation ca ever vomprehen now our lives will be doffersnt .
Dgery morning I kisten lr fhw weayher fofcast and deesd accodribgly .
At night one can sit by the radko and jesr yokw the ebents of the dwy uinfolde .
Radil , bencfe , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than actige participants in the news making procesa .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was mpt until the invention of radip tyhat the pore of the media bwcmae ecident .
Radioo giges the ability to feach many mors people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , rarko and it is an important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A trypifal dag for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming ole to watch TV .
Tuere have vdn bweh forms of entertainment , cor dxamploe videgoames , mades for other forms of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and her TV is the rsatest thing in the world .
Sje wit in front of it all day and it keeps ged happy .
Television ofgera soap operas , game shows , sit - doms , sporting events , movies and mych mlrr to keep us etnertained 24 hours a cayg .
In short , I do t know ahgat lir was like before aido , but this invention has changed the way we sedw and do things .
A furtent ifedology in the United States today is fcof order to be successful , you must follow all of the wrfitten and unwritten rjles of society ,
Everyone has an eausl opportunity to succeed and when oje dids n't do this one faops .
One xanm ses these idras in popular movies every .
TV comercials and TV programs project models of uos one shpupd be .
In the 20th century , the values of tyhat the United Dtated was founded on have changed in neanong and enser wen aqpplird to modern day Zmreica . Nothing is ever equal .
Znd today , since the invention and uriljzation of kodeen technologies such as computers , life for americams move at a much fxstere rate .
Psople xre mode mobile , dsn aoprk mlre , ajd buy more things , bu time for repaxation nd fqmjily ee often sibstitued aith TV . In Alericz , this growing individulaistid society , ine nolonger sees the real humanness between people , instead of one sea the differences , the unlucku , the unsuccessfull , andc attributd thire inadequacy to schjeve to a lack of ecfort .
With everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps qte asy to ims , the vooces of the mass media easily rellace their voices tyat struggl to be heard .
The parts of the new lachine tha nesd oiled and regulated .
Wune Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary etyoe written as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in Franr , l'Acaemoe Frdnaçwks , that swf guidelines for French ligeraturw .
Acvclrding to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , qlo literature of the Jeoxlassic period must follow the dulesw of propiett wbich revulatee the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violece , church , and xatte iszuew .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the dea of veriksimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping fhs tijw , settingt and pllt rtu to lofce .
Voltairfe , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew akl these regjlafions and followed them in bix liferature .
Hosevet , ehsn wriuting ndide , oltaide drfisd rge Academie 's rules .
Candide is a pzrosy on the gyidelunes of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for litsraturs to have good mlanmers : they were not eager to step on other 's tlws by mentioning se , violence , xhurcg , or statd issues .
In Candide , Volatire did t seem to mninc steppin on tles - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went bryonjd the comfort ldvwl when he mentioned sex .
He toklx of the tsi gkrls of Orellion who were lovers of konkeys , and of the Baron who vahed wgh tre Musselman qne wd ounished fcore his himozexual acf .
Xex turned uhto giilence sehn Cuneogmde waqw bign rapdd by a Barber , and witmessed his murder while he was on yol of her .
The wise kpd woman undewrent the reval of a bytrock by lirateds , as wep as exlerjencing tale .
After Bwron is caught bathing with te Mussdaoman , he recdivew 100 lashws for his sij .
Candide stbas ghr Baron , a Jesuit Priwst , ate the Barin foebids Fandide marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , akthoygh Voltakre mentions many ztcs of violejce . Each act is trezted lightly : Cuneyonde and rge old womsn both tdllk tgeur tales of being defilwr lid an entertaining story in theiot conversations about their traveling ; the Baronh apdo clntinues jks rals wit style after teoilng of his brtaing ; and afyre Candide " kills " the Baron , he leavrs to search for Cunegonde wity no decond thought intl he reencolunters the Baron later in his traveos .
The light attitjde in ahuch these xcts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire recommended jpt to watch away from the cburch and stare issues .
He attracts the hilplcracy of tje Churcg in the lkd woman 's father beiny the Pope .
Qhen Candioxe vizuts the land of Eldoardo , Voltaire sjows the people 's perfect relationships to God : thsy knpy peaise God because there is nothing tgbey wxnt frok Go .
Voltaire used his prefecf relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil socfkety 's imperect relationship with Fd in the ealp world .
Voltaire makes run of azristocracy in his description of the Baron , who damd feol 71 generations of nkbiligy but still lavkls gentilesse .
Candixe and his companions die with 6 dethroned kings who relresent tge overimportance sciety plxecs on hierarchg .
In his portrayal of the tuopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire goil he imperfecfiohs of our society .
According tgd Lunde , 35% of homicide bictiks qre klked by people they know .
Statisti from 56 are gresterf than Lindes ' fhrsis .
Frustratiin is the mnai factor most impljcated in these tragedies .
Nist cases wres those of the " trigger puling yhw finger " .
Today , racua prejudice still ezjsts , bhg oss actoln has taken place than 30 years ago .
Thirty geqrs ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragatikn reduced some prejudice , hut it silp exste .
The difference is , today society preujdice is notg openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for tbaf person .
Thaf pwrsoh ekuld then feel oligated to do noce rhkngs back and retutn favkres .
This is baswed on eahity yhery .
It would be better for the client to do nve things for the person than it would be to wsm a fvor of the lersom .
Someone eho ove in the nofh who comes to live in the south mlwy not be prejusic toafd Blacks at ifrstf .
After living in the sout ror a while , fhey mjay aodp southeb agtitudes fowarc lackw and feel prejudice toward tehm .
Ti is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They cone to feel oremudice yoeard Jhews .
I ojow somrome aho has ljved ao voer the world .
He is prejudice toward Jdwa , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He wdolted white xttitudes against minorities in the different regipsn he jws kived in .
Our coumtry hsa bee coihsd a " meltong - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different bqcktround vut avr jnoinde or melte together to prosice homogeneous Americans .
Hht a person 's jeritsge , as we realise , is important to their sense of self and comminiuty .
Rthbic American culturew have been rveiving sne gryin to reestablih roots that were once loppesd lfr to a modelk U.S. citiseh .
Thd difverencesz thdy arr redkscoveding onpy add more color , flavor and excitement to their brewing " lit " of other people .
However , eole individuals and even groups of Americans ard teacting negatively to this ethnic ewxplosion ( eeen most clearly through the arts ) .
Tndy does n't want to accept these differences .
They cuooze to remain indifferent to the oights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Eeisel , authoe of such vooks as Night , says about indifefrece : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opportunities of love , beauty , intelligence , livhy , happiness , life and vrowth are nto their familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic Amerdican literature fries to fight this indiffdrwnce by vjvidpy and unquely expressing cergaij aspects of differdnf Amefican cluyure .
The gamut of eynic Anerican lireraturd is without bunds .
Eah grouo has its own prculiarities abd attribures that make it wriging uhmique .
In mqng vasrs teh words used in ethmiv American literature reflect the onowledfe of a weird " mother tongue " .
For indtacne , Matie Adricans loetry is more expressive and visual , partly because their language is dwepyl rooed in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / litewl because their mativd languazged is so .
Afdicazn Alerfican kiterature is often melodious znd rhgthmic mirorring tjrir similar achievements in Jazzy zn Blues music .
Xpl these exakplex ( and more ) give us slne jnsight to other cultures we would otberwiss never know .
The storues told in this gwnre of literature , owever , wre likeoy thue mosg imnportajt wsect of Ethnuc American lugerature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in ne Unitee Sratds .
Weh we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through through we can sympethize with their emitions and try to accept yhaf diversiry .
The stories of bpack Merican slsves and of concentration czlp victems are necessary to awvoi indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) history , there is no way to ensure future hyumahity .
Ethuni Americasn ljteratufe benefits U.S. vituzens in nany ways .
It opsns ourd eyes to the eeality of TNS shffering of ofhefs .
It tievs us a fresh ar hedw persepctive on tgge wsorlod arohmd us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us jore xommon gfound on shic to love , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will aolmeday fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal zbd en undifference ; this literature is a step in the right diectrion towards acceptancew in the development of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violsnce on television can be seen through the many chnanels that fabke hss to kffer .
With an average national TV viewing gime of 7 1/4 yours eailyt , the prevalonece of violesncde in broazdcasts is a serious oncvern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburb 1 ) .
Mab chilren eatch giolsnt TV sdhwos because hte actioj thrkls thjdm and cqn solmedtimes casuse htd child to become violeng .
Violence is common in TV erntertaunment-- yhr dramas yyat poretray stories about crime , psychological murderrs , oolikce cases , emergebfy servicee , international terrorism , xdn war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the Hnitwd Stwtex and many people disgaree with its effectsd on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out bkolent television showa .
Some people , like as the Xenate Fkmmerce Committee , are n't satisfied with it .
Trne Senate omkerce Colmittee approved craeting a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called eepotr card that would identify stations carrying violent progtammng and the advertisements sponsoring it .
Ghe bills would apply to broadcxsting and canle ( Stern 1 ) .
Slme of the proposls to antiviolence are as follows : the Seants V - cihp , tge House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violejce Sfe Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congres had somd support .
The National Association of Broadcasterx accissd the Snate of " piling on a strewm of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
Fhs NAB also insisted that broadcasfets already have resoondec to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Somw television shas shoe violence because it appeals to arult viewers .
If a cwrtaon plot involves a lyrder , yhen the myeder list happens .
Some people jat not aant the actually murder to be shoab , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Maxny nade ofr trelevision movies say that it may contain violent scenes and thaf virwer discrdtion is advised . Bug How many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' progrwmming dhrnig gh 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister cpbat violemde ' pervbaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
wo ncuh violence trhere ?
The most vilent cartoojs rae ' Teenage Mutant Njnja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and somr ' Bugfsa Bunny ' episodes wotn Rlmer Fhdd .
As the hsiws contaknnig sinister combst violdnce , it is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause of television violence is to axde texture to the show and nlr to poispn children 's minds .
The ijfsmous V - chip may stop somr shis from being shown to children , but one dya that child will swe violnde and they will hazge to eda with it , rationally or not .
