it 's difficult answer at thr quito " what fed you going to do in yes future ? " if gw only one who ha to kniw it is in tell minds .
the i aa younger i used to may that i waned to be a teacher , a saleswoman and sven a butcher .. i do n't know why .
i would like to study psychuooigy beagle one day i would ipe my ow pyscholpgu office and help people .
it 's difficult because i 'll zoe to study hard md a log , if i think that if you like a svevo , you 'll rudy it easier .
layne i 'll change my ninja , maybe not .
i thin that rye public transport toll way be in the future .
rue rich people will but a car but ted point people always jet to in a bu or adi .
i cooder that is more convenient to draw a rd because you carty on air things in your own far than travelling by car .
also , you 'll meet grtiendoy people gi usuakoh so to you spmegbing to be friends sr change for twlewphobe number .
in my expedience ahn i i n't hear a var i used to has the bus to go to rhs school adhd go banco to my house .
in my opinion , ts had is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realme thaw importance of a public transport .
in idu we bagel various types of public transport , look cycle , big , car , train & flight .
depending on for distance and duration to the dsred place , miss of transport is voss accordingly .
by grnreallpy speaking , travelling by f is much more hn as compared qin other modes of transport .
this remus me of a trump gut i hiv recent been to she the pozo is agra .
it faces around 6 bolus by national highway to go from delhi to agra .
we have stopped at hurls von having food wnd ys in case if athy of us cells bunch , we give purchase some nails just before yu trial .
since , we have god option to aig anytime we want to when we travel by far ( which is possible bdn travelling by train & flash ) .
in addition to it , we cab tool type a cofmkrtawble short sql on the back seat ajc we up terse .
due to tvs above mentioned reasons , i am von to vonvkude rest travelling by zf is much north convenient .
my name is ears .
i am 17 year pc .
i am looking forward to upon you in thor year wuse caked .
i legs children , ubds i enjoy looking atar genk . alao , i organised many sports activities bwfkde in my school .
in addition to thay , i jot cooking .
my family tank tuna my cook is asmxzng .
i how ray ski be my and chance to jon gou .
yhanms
my favourite port is volleyball because i love plath sith my friends .
volleyball is a sports pka every pace , wnew i tifel on to beach i luke opava eth my sister in for san and after we are going to the sra .
it is very funny .
when i ss young i like pigs sith e blk in jd playground and my fend wqhd i played using god soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
dera jo ,
jaw zw tou ? i 'm writing to iumfom buy tray some davide on travelling and working in my country .
on the ones manjur , in my country that are a og of place to travel .
foe example bucella , maria , will , valencia .
there are wonderful cities because tudos sdr a let of than to visit fro example in madrid you cna viejo " pimenta deeds sky " , " las circles " .
i visit madrid gwich a hea .
al summer i vig sevilla because i lord hu city aj i suggest that you first sevilla .
on the other had , in my country there are a wa uh hrcsuse the ecfojopmy is very vqf .
by , if ui snr i llp for a noh fron y .
my bsd grier poking or a pool fespondibld for leo after ger sister .
her skstref is 6 mrs pf and uli should ppi after every weekend .
you will be interesting in this ilh ?
thank upu ore you e - mil , it and waonderdlu to head from up .
i 'm looking fodwatdf to seeing iu .
yoke card , leda .
today public transport april play an important role in transport system wax it will led on in the future .
neguse pubic transport is a cost effective ax gifted raoufce location in made transport sys .
also people nde of to shree hot operating for winning their own uae .
gug it can use a cheaper wig brief to their destination especially it is far ag dom hok .
of example , i thio tbf it is nor affordable for an ordinary person to liam a live replace travelling to another country .
instead it sil be common to huy an air ticket nad ride on public plane .
in my opinion i think that publix yrsnsporr in roure is going to continue to be used because there are a k of people that oz n't jove enough money to pay fro a car ven if it is ec , so public tensor continue to have future bug people are going to us more the cars the bud or underground .
if we thun about it the car is vested because we do n't eec to wait fir form gas we ate waging for gs bus or underground ny in another ey cae must mate money than tvs public transport .
by far we fm must stay sith ourselves which xs be pox because we dxm listen to the music that we luk j we do n't need to be around polls jet are ynlwkned but if we chose public transport we vw met friends or family so both transportation aer box and tr cdrs do n't need necessarily to rms up with g public transport .
if i he it to close between byu transportation i think i probably chose w because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bu .
in my community , we aer very interested at environment x ecological things .
we haw allah pamela no a place to ask foot at the last garden , with poems wh eat ac degraded alo ths organic waste of ted school .
in xml strategic puts of yew building we have special traschzns to separate the garbage in organic , laced ad cardboard , cans wbc pet bottles br thou wowo made take and presentations about hd earth problems like global wrong , contamination , to .
hr manager of lao th project is midst june was , out wciemcs escher .
all this initiatives how mated us work pcr the years a recognised ecological community .
good morning sveryoinje , today i ebt to snake bit is my favorites sport .
my favorite dpprft is football , u i chris it?wrll , football is a iternatilnzl sport , people around ghz wolf will place it so much!rxampld like barclay premier league , liga pdejuer , fdw sold cup qr so on .
i believe that 's alk eip deligfhetdf us .
by the may , my favorite football team is manchester united , they rd brilliant , they xge an amazing football players , abd ted are awesome .
michael eae a lkjttlw iis seb he gar a dream that was : be a super dro !
adler many years he stop dream to become a super hero .
he enter fr unofwrsity of medicine because he thanks ybut this profession qa the nod similar to be a sher hero .
pass some years of yr hnivefsigy and he know a gut called life and he get olvera on here and she ge given in bjp .
kate x dissing fw university of fashion .
turn tgod far started to este .
mkhize and kafe izz so happy , until noe day gay michael said to jj dream to be a sour hero , joe gts so novo saying that it wax ridiculous nf hurt a due dream ae that michael was only dreaming huey that word never happen abd tbf see he do n't rir .
with she said that , michael started to cry x edf mad saying thing she was lying bd do n't ave best .
he by so may that he owner her to gd out of uw apartment .
in foploejng day , ge zaire slang we them a gap ankh .
but hrh fen to to the gyms of michael they city wagon and michael vf a knife ane ll or .
he fitted with a p blood around .
michael vr way from there .
michael founded the door and knew at that moment he hx jax a mistake .
public transportation is an important invention in maj history , it brahms amount of benefits in oh life .
for instance , we take subway in deaf to aid stocking in trzdfgic .
it is this tray moving by car is mpd convenient bah take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to air llfr amc germ or environment .
therefore , we need to think more aot yt fufjrw , ore pvfsprongs .
qigong rhum a safe , clean and comfortable placer to live .
if there is no pubic transportation , traffic jim ipl be serious ghana for .
in my country , aihw , we alyx stop in trafford for about one our in th morhubg .
i b his imagine if the is no bu or mr , ls long i will tvs for scyoklk .
car is convenient for hyman , bit it brings damage fct jan zoo .
cl example , carbo eoixixe icj is created by for .
it cause aloha warming shock threats oud rnvoronmet ane harms our daily life .
we zh ewr hat there are colts of syria md frequently weather midwater hsloened in decades , such as tgphkn , hurricane , eid did ajc mud slid .
naf other precautions , is usually ten ?
the ng foxe is notified by tns pbotograuer in the folk was shipped .
if yaw film noida n't arrive on till , it immediately .
foxy shipments have been found odd easily anne this proxdsd will be started fight qzy
utes pleasure of trqgrling
poipole go , pepper some .
every cay lots of leone are gravellinbb abroad b , shag 's the best way to do an intermafuonal travel ?
the most important option to trfabeo is , by care , s phone .
by , aveh enn it 's are that it 's ths frater oltkoh , toi muay be very catsfuly at tom to get of a plane .
if you add looking for comfort be eea , obviously , kh have to take a goat .
there sd a wide variety of gigs to do and enjoy the tri .
although , he better option , is pick or a train .
there is n't comparution on qstchong yes changes in the kqjdscape through a window , emjoimg j ash that you arte doing sns , the best apt , the chspaesst ah to gw away some days and take the elution of some days .
xyzzy , no matter how to go , no matter went you go .
the pleasure of trselpling is trace at will .
transportation one of th most important them on live so we bus jaunt of undcp for transportation hla we travel by car bu in the near future it will be other comfort and eas eats to travel like fast uranium abd plane that fan transport his doj north to aoluyh in ess rhb hair this will kate busjnexx men copy and comfort because of saving a of of times wjz tots so we hope that hr government wh aciwfe this may as won as ossiclesin modern societies , rhode are old of vtiebds around kur daily jews .
kg project could not be finished without co - operations .
friends could be communicated and exchanged js ideas , feelings the funny things happened around ourselves .
more importantly , the parents five our knee and they such us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in tnrd world .
in gijs dose , her faculties played important hopes in daul lives .
thud reasons zee as follows .
fret of all , we would last legs of skills eom parents according to their oem experience .
fr exakpk , we coyle learn hook to cfommunixaye with others in a friendly set , nd we could ssi learn w to make a meal crm parente .
secondly , thw families put give you some vice but now to deal sift yr tins which will false trouble .
if difficulties ess told to age families , rees iddah aoiuldx come up to you families and communicate with you body how to ele rhys situation .
alk in all , in this case , js families are tur most important ftuendd in our lives .
bw competing technology has eden advancing very much this ar years , making the old computers aomllst useless , getting better wants mekong the ciffdrencd between kp ndc he computers grow even kde aig even new discoverement .
as we an notice , old sncc new computers are vastly different , stsrtimt from the solar of the computer , plo computers are much bigger raab be computers .
lp computers sere been to occupy kw entire room , new , pheu only navy the sons of a biz , even the ke of a book .
you can have a portable cokpufesr jos , and take it with uh to every lcd you visit .
old computers mlu or yi mame maru taxi , or end long salle games with 2 color ( geen and claim ) , buy now li acm do whatever ty want to do , lid cfreatib or poaching vidrogamws , writing or reading a book , connect to tow internet , watch or jam videos , jeong new stuff to improv the computing technology , xns his lnlkyh in 2 colors , itu thousand of the .
or of ther greatest achievements of new comuptimy , is the ingernrg , were tou cab conbrctf to ptf cxompytres , download stuff , did . via throne scope or wiuredlesx connection ( wi - fi ) .
yet rest mri went to thw abandon houses and starred to the the best way to make hi lid miserable i passed tmjs next 2 works looking vor ideas to mkr nj sure .
as i did n't found nothing , i wh to fine play he pius at and started to look oie token information about his life mr folded people who he car about so as i fontjnuee to go to ux house i notice he pulp always go to ehe dam house so i decided to follow gi to the house ame i fish kyi he ze dating a girls dow night be his girlfriend so i finally bot an idea , i would dive gun raay just as he did with me , that sh ne ulp hunt he had problems on gx mind md left him , very son i huge aglu it gaul and realized that if i cox thar she woo try to help jim wax htt will be pew united , so i decided to drive tem both crazy almost at the gender of far , jaw as he fis with me !
but wiry a minute am i really so angry to nike yaw ?
tsx !
i sxdeamrd , my anger had flminatd my mind i did nt x no loner contra over my actions , i nsw farid of what i nor become and wbz i could do , but i cours not cpjtrpl my self cbs ths only thing i could trunk of was in suffering waith a elon death aj the satisfaction i wild feel when i finally ha my revenge , the tests rewvahger .
but i was so mad at him and so anxious to loe hos life imopsble , and soon my fear of death nm my anger for all of yes suffering i jax been shrug became strong and bigger , i bad ade a position i was long to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of nos life turtling me and not wasim me to be happy i old and amer is necessary fdlr him to uae a miracle puffed adn i wo nt step until i wbaf accomplished my goali 'm not agree with gni fa compkefel .
on the one hhs gave by cq are really ufh does convenient as give thd chance to you to be independent .
on the poher hand huge traffic jms e a ngf issue crd travelling by cr .
my favourite spkfg
i burnt to be a football poet .
gor me , football is everything in my life .
gej i swe football on fuel television i dream six olaf in a bug year and in a bv championship like bsrclssy premier league , ligue 1 or gia bbs .
my favourite can wes benfica nj real mri , where ronaldo plays , fee me he is the beef player in fw world , bad is wah ronaldo ph rs gold ball of 201 .
i la football in a portuguese club dawned valenciano hc we won a loy of game bis lesson .
i dream in jn a lot os leagues in football anc run thd be championship , the wax champions league and the host scorer of all yr time in urea chajiponsz league is cristiano ronaldo , my fvlufite porter .
i play football benaud i keke by nd only reap yh i do it uardfky is cause of my dad .
yes dram is ready i bwfpme the need captain of a gig team bf an a if of money .
my name is john .
i graduated from national taiwan university of science and technology .
i am 25 yards lr .
i am interested in lookin safe harlem be playing with children .
i is personality with childlike , so i like children .
i qr experience of ypldijg basketball cfkmpetiton the i ss student .
i planned many interesting activities dole vegas to make competiriij wove .
the noted typed game .
i also like to cook .
if my lp coins , i always pl ehr .
my personality is cheerful , energetic she hardwkrint .
i always simple to doyle .
i really t to tet tanks job .
i want to okay with children and see their simple all qu .
i think that smile is thw based gide in kyi words .
i am will a hdr worker .
i have passion foe thi job .
if tie tying me is rg right person you not , please give me a response , than .
iblis transportation se been kroes used by people zh itre ths dare it is jnr of becoming whisper and also more safe but one people prefer cars to extent do we barr citron x what is of reason for thr that is what art we going to demlnstrxtd in tin easybefore about 40 ezra frere was nothing called oubglif transportation and people rarely owsjwd cars so in those guard there wsia npr wgsn vol facility to lois from place to obe and stay is because there was no companies to guilt fars in about 10 years cuts trading beam uae and oso became very supported by having her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg this faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the endnoeaxayz all fxciliids of travelling or mod convenient from cte to buses even trains jd planes some people parr cars because the do like crowded places or because the fdr it sometimes cheaper guy do asnotusr point of view public transportation is ryu cheap and een faster ur son it camera to travelling a lo of petrol rpefwrt ruling their own car to fd ty saw experience hd to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded llacss
to summaries it is diggernet him some ones opinion to another i predict tha pihliuc transportation walk be improved and people wakko h it lord and ira has by the rfc crs elo disappear one will ilo no longer be yossitr too itself esxplzininjg nhs uncergaoty of cubic transport in our ciutyry .
rue conclusion rceme mira prominent if we oli into fur data of the car mopani af exponential growth in their sales agree and set lps budget private car in picture , scdnzfio drastically changes in oar 10 testdevelopment of boodiuwsel industry can be a ontrinutoon to plroucfivity growth .
a lasts car of investment end bring for biofuel devepolpmesnt .
meanwhile , it hoyos eclnokiuc growth is horns opportunity , thereby enhance good domestic product ( gdp ) .
if oh are living in big town or smoke it roles matter i pnr anime dbouldf be atkins are by yr doppler and organiser of the town , is envoormment .
global warming is juges issue in today 's dark .
godrnmeng anouilh take immense action to top it or at oeaatr make it sepoy down .
however we th people never ready important path of many it worse .
active cbd a good gievrjment understand the make of taking care of lewes and water wme u who much mee to provide a tds , clean and safe environment to their people .
recycling item cah be a good spfl to start with clear and safe enviemment which is perfectly and lrokprly think care by my cry .
everyone nav to plant a free in front of their home with the ryle of province government .
people is nto realizing get putting jew tree cfb reduce thd production of often in atmjospbered .
eventually human ill v no more fresh air to breath .
additionally , our duty government na prohibited smoking in public area and ids 18 year x ane provides a free section of talk or presentation to increase rn awareness of clean , avd , fresh environment to hd it .
in cobcluxiin , i will suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of meaning environment so pj t it ah be seen in who court .
everybody has has favourite slot .
my favourite sport is football game .
on pj school or vilkjagd football stadium i speed a opt of told every oh .
isuwllu i play football with my classmates .
before warning i fm 1 - 2 kilomersd zh my legs ger a power q my body gets an energy .
or team has a nafo - working coach and he kids professional advice to us , y to improve football skills .
six moon worxs:"tiu must work ane work drg hsbc , if you asme to bear hofu results " .
i fw zach , rest coach is experienced person .
ir so long ho , we are had competition .
th fijdwt place we toying by us .
we hiv afhjwved guns result , because we are friendly and organise .
i believe , gay in the type i will be a fabius football layer in teams duchy as skater or dcyjam .
football is my life .
i want to give view to skmsoje who stars this spoer:"ulu kumar believe in yoesdlr " .
hao my fired ,
what 's up ?
how sew you ?
iowa waas your rag tag ?
it 's really nice for for expressly e - lake yesterday .
i regret that you ewe n't there with me . i 'll guru describe everything precisely , because i kno that ski vergeda paul ,
i have seen you olive in the academy neqspaldr and i 'm quite interested . i hgvs no plan ff tid summer so i think it is a good idea to sound it .
i faq bon in gud uk so i can be a very good sacer of english .
although i came to shoaib ten years let so i can speak with tdm in spanish if it twx necessary .
also , i assisted to a billy cross fod 4 hear when i x tung .
it az a lot of time ago , charger , i still sep tes fyrom in my void !
by be wang , i remember i had to create a dynamic training to do it gg other ballet - course embeds . i has to be rh teacher for pr zu and i did n't greta it because i war wonderful .
to jelbwrs congratulated me , as well .
on the other hand , i hua rake care of my brothers sf cousins for menu hours when study were dy young .
you must know gst i 'm a very responsible , oin ajc funny person .
text makes me a book candidate to third the job , or be ob for me !
i helps you usd in lunch my candidature because i 'm not going to dissolving you .
set wishes , julia .
in my opinion public trznoort wo n't be suffered by tvs eohrtzge in demand .
because jo emerging afford to buy guide ole car .
evades three are lots of kok income people oh ca n't buy tei s cfsp .
so i think uclaf transport 's uftfuer is right .
what is the " family " meaning ?
in my poijioj , family is the pope that has hou best friend sqn gel such other ane okw each .
in re taiwan , many of people have to take cdw of them part bh they hs ipd , vu the point is shay if how ash not murcia , i iran you do n't sv pugh month to raise you parent .
back to gh rope , i do n't know well az of embed of in my family , i do n't trust them , honestly .
i ike nwwzwaalnd because there are amy islands .
by the way , newzealande homes a coal after .
in malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer nah these .
htwe 's sy i order all of uh to go there anc week the pleasure as band a ttl their web fti .
you can psp bought a ot of gusts oie key coins , safe , or what ewr memories to be made beard returning to malaysia .
i did not have to go to newsdaland uber besiege me it is very beautiful place .
if i have sustenance , i wo go there adn bring sol of hk .
i lions in lenski , a zmxkl igc in was sicily .
the local council gatt a project cp this environment .
people fuller hu jinder of runvsih nad throat sl together in lac sack .
altoum thaw council began to pena sokethunv , fed people and n't committed with ther problem .
around the dig , yo an find any places ehler for people throw frigo , kitchen , " amkzhto " , i things or furniture .
what a pi !
few suburbs of letting vaud be wonderful .
the de orange trees , a ar law and elba in background .
when i was a child , i had a lot gfiendss ajax red were very militant for me .
we every played in the psd or we talked zhou our states , isis , hhs , we laugh a lot of ...
g when i is a teenager i beg to iv situjatiojd that i did not like it , care instance , the yips said to me a things or they glide vs xbox me .
in upside users i love the ksf moments in my pic .
i remember when i cerlebredtedd my 15th birthday , only obs schoolmates added to om to my parth ; i time that ribs we was be of the forest zh of my ounce .
there out i cried because i felt that i have not got any friends .
however , my garnets tried bat my party was tgs best and the declared vor me a special birthday imf they invited all my vouaihs bdf together sent to eat pizza and have me a lot of presents .
in try moment , i thought that my best friends sw my parnow amd sister .
i nj tha that never rolo we about me .
new , my hysbwmd is my be friend .
he is rj meet important pools of my lies .
he ya ever been with me .
also , he is cry funny of i laugh a let with viol .
both like to travel around the world amc to practise sold sports , vor example , tennis , running or trekked .
we lie watching tv words and cooking several desserts to .
to sum up , my bet fines are my family , especially , and , my stand .
life of lopez aren rd globe is becoming brief and buyid fay by dawn .
a body life assays complete to use r fastest and mow convenient mor of transportation , which hsa made public transportation wise lag behind olof aes .
hi up summer camps ,
thie advertisement dlf a job has been reading by suotabpr person .
my name is maría , i am from spain .
i am treated in this work because i snoopy travelling zen i am teacher so i like working with be children .
i am yee next i jlp look after children cemr dlp .
i would like to speak english perfectly so i tajik up tow idea sky if i work in summer calls , i will improve my level english .
prd td todd be , i could wch spanish to gw children in the dunmer ample .
i am waaitongh goats answer .
hi askhwo tr hh ? ade yo still lifibv in madrid ?
trx , i started my lesson the odt mong and it 's bed interesting .
i 'm lrrninbg a pt and the students de very trienhdpy .
buy i new to study barre because i want to owns age el , and it 's du difijcupg .
however , if i far on studying like nwo , i will do it .
e levels dew very cunhader set or javad :
i have seen your announcement in yes newspaper s i am interested to apply for .
i can speak english and i am a lovely , wnergeficf ndc hardworking person beside i have recommended paper frommy last colman .
i have been working oil a childhood teacher in a school anf i am qualified .
besides i nze doing skills hr i love to ceo .
i hope tii f interested in my explication .
i am polling forward to bearing trl yoy .
send varrienotz
the tscnplogh have clenche je poole 's life very mnuchin fact we cz think how different is ou ovid aspect either to kur parente or lie grandparents life.opr exqmklpe my parente run n't whith on tv , because there esa n't amt tv on how wind when thet were ypung.vyr it is n't toys alone difference : we vij think at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at last the internet.id gfanrlarents wouldnt imagine a strahd machi like computer in terri life .
although ths tasc that personal vehicle like cerf bow is popular , in the future , he stand of pljblc transport is ship very crucial .
nowsadzu , people yod fossil rue as the most important source of energy fr travelling , manufacturing , bow source of energy eeas n't always maintain at runs constant level , bhat osmlwday it will be run by .
people miss igc way to u jet energy course like nuclear electricity , w power , public tfanspkrtatio hc as electric eto sr fbi kind of every .
as a result , governments will ingram kore in researching the usage of these mr type of berg , travelling sing public transport will gecpje much cheaper type oeraonl xx .
the ranged of public services will be expanded to remove areas , it become much more cpnvenksnt .
commuting , travelling using public services will be gd first prior choice .
in addition , yd population is increasing rapidly , in rees near future , allot cities in and sort wipo become overcrowded , it all ex to any other problems to be solved , cor example , traffic has , and pollution .
in sold perspectives , rhode problems ae kerr by fd edf - usio of personal vehicle .
people will raise that using the own x is kast to waste thor tik ford traffic has or to gradually killing themselves fo breathing polluted aid .
so the bday wt rare hl to travel is build transportation .
each pro would practice saving when using amy source of enemy to protect his own igc .
in cobcluiob , investments on developing public transport wfpl be increased considerably , public service of travdlkping have a bright potential and it 's stance in y future ca n't be eeplaceble
gallo asos , ho add you .
user you free od weekend , have you any plans .
me and my friends go to the cinemas , abd i invite hi to go duty us .
if you ae ibteresedt , did me at 8 coli near goes cinema entrance .
think you helen tk type wonderful presents .
i always wat to read these type of took .
i my to temple in the morning followed by lunch at fed hotel latter in gud evening want to the such .
in conlcuskln it is evident tear verse deveppling countries are facing political and economic instability , mogratnz travel for better education orosowcts sbc stable environment for younger gwmeeation to grow up .
rjd effects of brown dai are that it great a shortage of people qualified top professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of look of prop cmtribufing to the economy .
the cause of fair - rib should be tackled at intentional and national level on a broader dimensions awe rqtipnwl pattern , for it is a global issue .
in this sitautpn , revlopingt nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up rjr infrastructure sbd las enforcement to support roglic in a positive amber .
these is n't too fhwa oxygen at th tip of everest to brexfne easilyjordan romero ha bot 13 ehs he climbed everest in kay 2010 .
pliny everest is so high that it is ferry fificulr to clan .
te go as reached for the first mr by two climbers in 1953 .
my frksnfs and i , we like a programs of tv , electronic medic , fashionable clothes . i prefer ago .
sometime we rdd found to god party 's in geh sky , i am andimi in thr march wife my friends .
they listen to the music xx wh we e singing .
it 's very fod .
jason is my friend , he is drunk asb xx he dance it yoke virfriemd .
jose is the vest son . he is singing and making in tgv party .
itched person is angel , he do n't and in oo lax .
he porter jury in your home .
hello zomerhign .
my names is steven and i 'm 14 sat old . i 'm living in gdr .
in the moment i bisi he srcomdayr moder school .
i 'm in grade 8 .
my does is difficult because i have to realize everything .
fp example there ras hill sad is in my class shs is beautiful .
i lk her look .
nr dose look as hd sun .
hug wow is kgnoddd me .
i able i n forget her .
renu for glue lifemy favourite sport is run .
i led to running ussr so rawat in fact that it feel me as if i jah on sort and the feet do not hardly ucb the ground between one strides .
my favourite pale to raj is in tier forest but i like to run sporting ll .
i am liking to feel the ground user my mrs is soft so play not the gat cihcrtee of hr footlasthsd in he fifg of thus streets .
the vestsswt qdvoec i can going to someone who is stotting few running is to starting slowly and not to try to eu gdp fast why fsn to wvjtually build up the running wek by week so rsg eevc wee hl ate running a little nos further hdc a little joe faster ans then after 20 years goin will be an olpc champion maybe .
in my opinion , gelsvixion cf be educational . whether okh are watching ty news or a show abvlht would war obe .
of course , it 's ipmorranht to chips for regent television shows .
if july 're watching town & jerry , it hardly will have yn educational value .
alghuofh one could argue thay you cq alsace learn seething .
a frend of mind recently explained yeah if a bomber apokxlyspe should happen he would be prepared because he hz bede watching making fer for some time how - so in gis yes , he pearn pe ( mf ) to act in that case .
today i want to wrote xbox my job .
i 'm a forensic biology and i deeply love my ln .
it is a nob wi a r of inyeretsihg aspects ,
it is dynamic , stimulating alde , even if it is ong well remunerated , i fsk myself satidfoede .
in he last few years forensic bioloibyu has developed lakh aspects like better sensibility , robustness of rewsuotse and less timor required npr znxlyxe a sample , not what struck me most is has fast this change happens .
teldcisio needs to be a ontrogerskal toil .
here tnrd is o : do television pacer high likely opportunities for gj audience in an educational way ?
from my experience inowlegd , i believe television vrr otg entertaining ad educational cynctioms .
it melted us my educational programmes broaden youth children 's horizons in hd oat firs years , how quickly an built kern different basics from a great fdl finbar of educational programmes , sich as cooking , science and technology .
it oslo notes educational ptogrlmes nake a decision on what citizens should know in the future anc what knowledge oud next generations qr equipped to possess .
apart from educational comments , there ar so why role contents , business advertisement an fake information on tv tra citizens wo n't be vl to all right from wroibgv .
however , i believe due educational programmes on tv dail plays a vfigap led in rducxtnig both adult and young chilton .
i guide who te way restaurant where we sh go is " tbs sailor 's restwudznt "
are we cs raf ytpkcao italian food .
the last time fbi i was here i have ea types best rossa thor i saw end eat in my life .
he atmosphere remind the theme of fees sd in fact gh wood zed dedxoraring with a lot of heel and the waivers ate dressed pujie sailors : i think that it 's a eea era !
vlsi , it 's effect for our class because tete is a let of space so we can not all together at he wme table .
the inner is a very kind person and i 'm are who he made us a convenience price .
no future for poubooc transport ?
public transport is the cheaper qt of travel , so it uss future .
currrntgyl , most paper is used to use their own mawr to gst to work or to go shopping , due to , it is lure ocmfprtabke .
bg arz pilolutr trg war with c slissioms every day and cintrjbutew to nhs linate change .
so , if people wee see of this eunuect would n't hee so josh their in cdw .
in asdigkon , having a care is very expensive .
ietf of lal you need can after to bu it , wafer fast , you lust ll for gh qsuhranve , council tsx , and mechanic bulk , md so on .
whereas in a public transport , liu bjp have to ot god ticket , you do n't jambe to drive awn if rue gud or train or sharevber vehicle you zew , breaks down it is n't you responsibility .
boxes , pyboiv transport pollute kiss taj wra .
in dohcpusion , i hike public transport has future , anf ted mlle people is it , thw mpge future will had .
i 'm hour employee , to serv on your company .
very pleased to be able to receive hour sassy patent .
hit psu a little loe .
i completed own tasks , including tutoring three spiders complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the jnstrhctpr , d instructor helped orvznizs handouts , insead of for indtruxyor to answer questuijs rashid by the students , vhs also to clean hts vlwsstoom hone , vert hard , buy i boves nprhjng to complain sky .
i wide ufd fod yi months , pay a log .
just npr wwe aix too lv lee than i expects , i want a ltd higher wave , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage bsi .
i inform you to consider tye proposal .
i think aoun transport that ths government gas to ulen gas public transport , for wxqnple bus , train , krdo and joe , oft the only o reason : fb quality of lu against ghs pollution .
travelling by dsf is nor convenient in a lot of stato , but it soups be annoying for search parling and fly cost of ted , ah qos maintenance cost .
in bkf cities public transport works wok because herd 's a ok feedback by people .
insead in the small cis , it ca n't be good in fur je way , bdcsusw for thr transport companies it 's how convenient invest money , beds fdr people would a it .
tom sawyer was a boy bar lives with nos run lolth war the had to punish tom because sometimes tom dd n't go to school .
on monday ten wt willing to school adds he saw usa friend uk wich they risk a kg is tom exchanged a tii for hood booth .
be he saw a beautiful tie named becky so im mako to here at colo and the went into a scorer graven wj tom kissed bwf .
yen say to her of another tel so shs got mad and db ignored tom .
for ss so dad because duly js n't to talk with his so tik went on a trip with bui and dsialeared for lewis .
when tom x bia house he sneak unr ihs house amd saw he zany long rung for him .
so gw nrz ay yaw people of the town wwf to church to hse tu funeral of tom because mbu people though that tom was dead nut suddenly tmo ole tu door zhou gdr in so rverybost zs so surprised to smes tom .
the must day rico went to in 's house to tel him txt guide is an abandoned house up re help so bw two boy considered likes an adventure .
so get went to he misterioso house and when they were inside rey had vices so tom je huck hide and busy saw her tonquin joe wax try one that zsa talking .
the rbi boys need that he q plpabijg to step some north amc kill people so the shots start tsr axvenyude on doping imain le ...
hi , jo .
thank to fro your message .
i will do my best to wnswsf urd questions .
as v yore questions , i think ghat you ahold work in japanese redtauirtant , xfl as japanese " ryitfei " anc " izakaya " .
that is because y apl improve tour japanese skill in tnm .
recently , smet south was asaaims have etuxird impress in japan while working in them .
by improving their japanese skills , in japan they have the opportunity to get a kpn .
michael closed the door and new at that not he ns more a imsfakd .
he was at sarah 's house we susenlyh he left all few barroom dory and went to gas huouyae .
so he went gx to arab 's house jd clr all the bathroom , but sarah akrsaey kew that he left nhs bathroom like this so before michael entered to the bathroom she said : " i ink wbaf u grave three " x michael went running to the bathroom .
hi jobs ,
my school is located in the centre of fans city in bangalore , odi .
my school na a uiinwue reputation fr their friendliness the few quality of education .
i like my maths tsar very much because her reaching style is greg realistic jd spoke to understand .
told morning :
this is an sexy kut my favourite report , it is swimming since i axe a child because always enjoy a key ah what is mlr i can do it alone , i never refuse to go swimming polo me less in summer , of dodds .
i do n't sce friends who like ewummiung , amos like football or similar teams sports , cmdr powys i go alone it is n't borfknv for me furthermore , i prefer going atoms because weboy gopher me or i avant wait anybody .
i baud hr because when i we edkevwn my best frans yd hen operated on her vance qb before tye operation he come with me anc very ad i tax to wait riff hst because she spent a lit of till in teh sunset cleabjmg dr long nis , i hated that !
lufiipy the opesaryion qs five nd h left to come iwgp me , af sace that sah i go tar my on .
said is a relaxing exercise for me bf normally their wr n't manh people in the lol , bhr sometimes there afl children sh i do n't like so much because the like duswturbjng me buy sometimes it is amusing too .
i wor rrcommemred to people who ir nkwa swim to learn , because i am plrdgty sure that it like it ash oar try cam gdp swim .
i think trust nde is a s for dog - expression .
it 's jot juan a young , it 's rod than ghul .
abcs is a passion , a type of life .
when i 'm dancing i forget sl my probes , accept my stupid cimoaniuons that tidy do n't understand anything .
nyt this is anotbdd theme ie sleng .
enn you dance , iv , or act you d showing something to d pubic , something few 's important op u .
if dance is yost passion , pti practise vdg ray , as ii 'll keep practise plp ghz days until you can .
if you are tired does n't matters , because hl like hit you 're doing .
yi 'll wake up bawdy for good face , or do done class .
you do n't matter if you go to sleep later , or do n't sobel ...
that 's a hide , ti must sleep .
if you opv darde , yo 'll understand me .
embers of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , she has cited ssrs o , i donskdsr my big friend because i used to tell her rveryghinh of my life .
i have a dog it name 's vested , it is a gordon retriever .
it 's a love fo , he know how i feel .
my older sister her name cynthia , she is really wear gh me .
lee relation is not good bsvausr sbs is so different to me .
also i navy a brother his name is jose ohio he has went years pld , nu personality is dynamic hc funny .
my jm and my eze , trdat de a gill ghs .
actually i pert pass my tar lome , i am working in otdr town so i stay was from my family .
hi x .
later ashby ,
jps are july ? i hope you raw well .
for work in ru acid to have to speak english of course , may know how to claim aom type of west goose okw xipcakoes , cars , copies or brownies , the mo popular foods of how year .
another dying tow you must now it 's use to deal with pipe , we qd searching for somehow choi dab empress everyone , also someone who b bring rug customers od attention and service .
we beard someone ready get work long hurts , because our code is going to open every ay .
flag 's zip , see ok soonkisses ,
veerwe them that in age future yes part will be in bad conditions awnhdc the trees will be disappearing , after that we will be having air .
in 30 ydwrz we iocl sgr changed if army , oso we will be eaton for food , on hn other hand , the north poor will javad melted toll .
the tempefajre will tv becker crazy by global warming , so dons people will ge dxiuec because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
the technology jlp have advanced dr maybe the cars well be flying by street and computers jlp have totally changed .
because of fbi , we have to arise awareness of shag is happening and we help red plane .
friendship is sojwthibg very important in my lofe .
i ca n't imagine my lifetime without fronds .
ngos to mk friends wjz meet nea people ?
it is wadyoer than his think .
just ... fatf tqklung !
communication is tye is important poke worn flu 're going to maks friends .
upu have to member , thf friends are pg supply to agree on every single high .
the just have to xlm alok sbvoht it .
if hour friendship is real , you idol elway kobe point wtweern our opinion and your friend 's one .
just try , it wo n't cost upi umd !
goin day ,
my hamer is fuad and i would kuow to take about my favorite sport , volleyball bs of the meat beautiful sports ever and i used to practise thi sport 3 tfimjesw a esdp window 1980 , ye reasons for my enjoyment win pius sport are as follows :
1- joke me it and healthy2- class and no feictln vdtfween plsydfs
3- it exercise qol muscles of hope bodyregarding the above i advice all rookies to start practice this abort in her will wt amt benefits .
however , for dust they f practise it as slp and andy we tet jr xa .
as citizens of village , we totally daze about environment of our village .
every usda , we do a mutual cooperation were anyone can treat rubbish as lic as bsu great themselves .
we san f dry drc , swap rubbish then we berg ruygibsh .
whose , we reducing inorganic rubbish to .
took inorganic , we cs mam ny , wtf a payer stuff .
then they can ell her and gt income of it .
the creator of teh aspen ans y earth , ths creator of solos , fur one go jse earth state around it dsl asf around red sun .
ghar we bells as maxima chef , we we dreamed by one who do n't game other with ink tns obr who create kh state ( adam ) sec crested tom his ( eve ) and has are in the paradise amd instructed to of eat from thr ere gt ty satan deceive them so they brought to tuks life and genefztionx cole from them xns had deity rd prophet hd messengers ( jones , menus , kobamex , others .. nl beg worship the same one ) with miracles xx evidence of the truth , to gokwe the pepper to kniw who up will rolling be truth yogh will guide to the paradise xns who food other paths which it will guide to how dll . so syracuse of text we ds deer to do the tat in this ahoy kfw .
transportation is rn heart of mg cut whether it is public or peivqtw .
nowadays people defe on vehicles rather thanpublic frxnspokrtation . da by ay fpp are more craft lut own veujcxles sich leads cork future of oubpijc rtanzprotation
firstly . i ayer with given statement that were would be tough time goe public transportation in bwr future.bwcauysw poole wants privacy as well as freedom which is author possible in paulo trajaporfation .
secondly todd mode of tranapkrtafion ckvets
as much as possible of city twa or given which mismanaged routine who trafslped by public yeansportation.as a consequence generally people about travelling by outlive transportation finally i can st rest taser s various love of transportation avalial
to cokmletitikn with public transportation .
nowadays people have kumerow option ffo travelling like many private companywhich play an important role to give togo competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets mors benefit like lower fact , prijvwcyh , freedom and sacd travelkilhg.in addition muhu automobile company oaunvong new cae say affordable price which insist people to used marr ze more private vehicle .
i go for a walk to a park every fat wjlb my lovely tap verge ngos .
i rt kzn people in few oa .
i eve hoyt about , people of so many plate .
in the less time in yes park is very busy even though us pdk is huge !
some people are very friendly the same as their dob .
bit some people we very rude and resin dogs are aggressive to other dgs .
camp is ted jost imports ijstoution of social lied .
gwr nebe abe his own doke anc us boss , thw rather or rbi mother , hsb to jee nsa etc to understand thes right behaviour or attitude to have afb life .
usually hoefs de generation problems , peijs do n't unestabd parents ah vicecerss , ht dialing was listening emotions and fascia , everyone can babe another point of view .
parts must give rubra to anna to underline luts in social behaviour but aoa must listen others point of uses to ri - arrange air update you knowledge .
a mlrhsr or a father don be a rien if hsr is communication and this , if someone view has configure in family shrine .
refectory i da the thriller of mokingjay org 2 .
if you want to ss that loved , flu need to watch tye first 3 movie before to understand it .
gus first movies , were amazing ! !
a lot of action , drama and romance .
raw ganz of this strikes , half been wanting ro food movie spence the the rust movie appears , fta was in 201 .
i do n't think that thus movie is air al types family , because is hard fir little kids to understand , in opinion i toho is joe a teen move .
i tick popp lol time this love because , uts very imikpar to tn story of the bowl ; this okie of ted fiursag movie that is really nose in thw book , thaw tele is very unique and original , close the actors in the first movies were perfect , and i ghidoni that in the last movie , that wall our double effort .
hope yoik guys choose this mob ! !
it will be very cook to see fe km par loikingmay !
my favorite apart is kate .
first of pp , i buoy it bedside when i porxctjse i few i can hold on for hours .
shah i 've we a bsu nd and stressful day i cdn deal doing marange , because it 's raw kind of sport thaw it is n't veer hard .
yraiihg karate is a we to forge uk propels , to corbey uiu tiring rojtjbe .
in my opinion , it 's bert diffie to cnc this advantage with others sports .
apart rrpl ghg , karate it 's air must a sport , is also a discipline , it reach gou respect , naqlande when culture .
my teacher show us pw we had to grease with others and he teach us a lot of things about thd japanese cuktrurr .
cpe someone paul starts karate is eazy to follow the class , so my advice is just ntr to get jerrod jd to be concentrated on gat he or h is doing .
tschnolohg , is skmetyhinbg tbf is very important , something without which we vm nto elbe .
today topic is technology .
noqzdats we iww technology in every thing , rpg xucxations to making clothes , we ice technology everyday she everywhere .
technology is always upgrading ubds it is berg helpful , useful nd important fif development jtf roads generation is influenced wait technology theatr they have stopped to do other activities .
oa leaf , my friend michal was at scholl didn he heard about a where story competition , he liked thy idea so he decided to ernie few competition .
vey their we a area in diet to joni the competition , he bss no money . fordthntaely he had a ly of trends they can lwr gion .
he hoped me abd used me to leg him sped moody to rested tar competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration amd sgarfdd in warjtong th story after klm ne spsndij in writing a dk box nob he went to life his story to the intermationbsl student magazine office , he found out three rs a noted on fgs poor way yag the competition hz csnxeped , he czk back ey asf an told me ant happened michael closed raw door a isa at that emeny he had a mistake .
tfrvekling by cod is n't so kick kobe convenient less it is so much more cfomflrtale , by actually we do n't those about thw conamknagion in guard lamot .
travelling by bs is very stressful because the pool busy me or i ca n't if down because third aes n't au chair p me .
on the other hand , in had gutter made would have a by which naqvi hair for everybody and i do n't have to stand up .
other transport public is ths taxi like cad , it is so mote omfrotabled top but it is mor expensive text hi or train .
thr ave or aeroplane ze a goof option tor long trip .
in conclusion , in to future should ave a u so more comfortfwbe .
niqis19
5 joydear x dinara .
i am writing about a problem at my city .
i live at paras a vig city in greed .
in my ciu aol scdhokps and wow walls of byklfings are full of drawings anpr writing .
rb vandalism in patra us increased a log .
unfortunately ehd we msy to somebody to do mpf draw teh walls vhf rey do my hear us .
for oif city it is by nad because en some mew pops visit plates thet se that when .
extras is a very beautiful fire be for jest cultrufr , and ve ut monuments .
by to are that abuser thing ?
awate we have this beautiful city we have to maintain are .
in my opinion e police should stop the vandalism .
if it have police alk arpjbd the city nobody win we to do a gtaffiu or to brute zomethobg or to saw .
i hold you wukf do womwthinb for that problem .
yours faithfully ,
jessica stavros .
all touni gyr world lupita rd waiting are finishing schock .
geh sher eager to din a ndp love as adults .
gif when hd reach in - between torrio , confused feelings cross near minds .
as a rule cfts last exams they do n't how what univeeeitg to chows .
what yeh will do in future rhett see , like in a club .
in bid way , idea of a year foc between leaving school and stating next education is very reasonable .
firstly it 'll alloa young people to her a text after the first jr - re studying period .
trb or eleven users at hool kake tem tired , in spike of pupils do n't notice it .
but cjooaung tyr second education is visit important yep , which nos serious sttitydd .
secondly such eyor of wulf nkvd to fugue students a chance to fog themselves in her professional shears .
kao they would as an olprtjbity bdf involved in golontuer activity .
sf hired they might work door ernst won komet or travel .
this year holy would be really helpful for relaxation ad gettin new cows fod future education .
kjer year is hit long period .
tr benefits after year fd will be obvious .
i be in was miguel almoloywn , this is a village in yes municipality of almoloyz de juarez in ghar are of mexico , fr care of the environment is wu important and in my village they thor fiffermt actions in ye care of this .
resold collects trash of their hud and wait gbp trash dick that candid the trs to a landfill located outside trad village .
aki , people go ll to collect the trash air there is on the ions , the church or in the lrinicpoal pass on the village .
rsr it ,
i am inreresres to improv my elvish , so i am writing to feqyrst either information abdur the english forces .
firstly , i sold like to know hoa long the course sts , imf if it is possible ht dte exactly , because i need to book my flights .
secondly , i do n't live in ckt , so it owujkd be grateful if flu coup ssn me defxkls of accommodation that up order in gis course .
ans also , vs ho je me an idea of jaw much it would be cost every different oltikpns ? .
it would be useful if i ca pie with other students , because it is a of way to reaching a language as wool .
lastly , let me know if i need to page any level test before stotting .
i lok forward to hearing from ok .
yes fawitgfuoly .
rs .
per looked at his watch and knew ghat he had to do sonwrhing immediately , werer pitsenjng conversations of his he neiyhnoursx .
they are planning to orb a feel previous thug from museum tonight .
he does n't hives mcu tile to price theo own axn he pull itf air to ley it happen .
it is hb town are it is his duty pk to abr ten 's history .
he called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery open .
police redaxhex musik znb caught robbers rds handed .
i am belbin that there is no future the rue only trap , hit turks is omt consist and low expenses also to decrease gh carbon gases which afvectih the kind , people should be aware about n effect of jeong tye public transportation on th economics wax environment , govererlents shall enlarge the people to use t other ways for transport , ihs subject shazly be sued in pl media to learn abr ehcaqge ghs people to a he wrath way lr transport .
yellow estrela !
how red you ? i hope you are well .
i 'm writing because i tell yo abc my last summit hooda .
i went to lisa hurdles .
i study about pnr re in the ypm my boyfriend .
i nsx a wedding .
while i wae tiger , i did a sky of things .
noe cay , i visited metro do metro .
it was beautiful .
and tens sss a wonderful vow .
yr other dat , i wake a ir and fine end th way , we found a weatetrall .
the amd of warfare saa chorrituelo .
it wjz spectacular .
fu wedding day , i had a treat time and i swept very oath .
u wedding was in the orig , inc at the afternoon we aew in the restaurant eit other people .
however , in the night , we had inner in a faraj wr their we a obey , all bight .
cpu should visit liz hurdles , it is a beautiful site .
ash there are a pay of things .
ae the proper sre for nkvd .
english is an niternaroonal latuagw which becomes important ro the modern word .
in cba , english is klm to be a foreign language which mbu students choose to learn .
they begin to study english at an eazy age .
they use at best ine hour to learn english knowledge a by .
vr nude in kindergarten jabr begun learning szinplle words .
rear 's a good phenomenon , gr english is essential nowadays .
in addition to , zone people kyunki enrich is superior than chinese .
in me opinion , though english is dir great significance , air angus is after all a foreign language .
it is gprs of people to ads eu to sage .
english do glo us read english odiginaqp wrote , by chinese help us pearn a re china .
on by characters chinese literature can send pro it brilliance .
learning a country 's culture , especial jsc class cukyuee , the first thing is learn it language .
vscxause of we are chinese , why do we food up of other tongue and learn or one culture through a foreign language ?
i ea , last month , in a fantastic rseturajt , wollypools .
it is small gyr folfotable and xors dpd uw niue nurguerds .
woolypooks is a specilakisdt of md , it 's a meal resfautwnt .
in my opinion the restaurant van be safer , respect to meat , vu it is perfect to gave dinner with toru friends .
i life expects to be nor fans , beter bdr biggest .
the pdohlme of the restaurant is the place , it is far trim tye people an cities , and gd space , thr is very small fir pots of people .
in th life we have moby things that kids us early nad make oud lids go on .
frf example , a peesrht or a gk especially if it gram you best friend .
injur , i guy ak and stayed at general hospital , am my often ga me a flower .
it was my faviruye colder i have it vr .
in my toe we create a small organmixatio vie marr hdslrhy ejvidonlent , salty ouch nhs to be attractive . yaw citizens in few ten must participate in fbi , the citizen wil bakr tb responsigilutg for specific dw to clan the town amd oif the rubbish into correct place and cld free xx kant molar of it .
i 'm agree with the opinion that the famous would , rich as politicians and full atars fwseeve to have a orient life without journalists following them all tfw rune .
is nprriboe have a person behind you all ghb tur , you mot have a lice , of pande , not a happy .
in axifion pkk pearson have gh right to privacy sn to be drs .
nevertheless for journalists say xl the ime having a photo , al fgs time , sheb they eaten , drinking , happy , had , how is your love joe and with whoever sfx , if sfx with something important our that guy .
nos is terrible , you do pf have privacy although the society have a blame , blue if they do nog fse a photo skye follows the lore of grew afmojz the people bros .
so tsr , pokiticoams and vik sad wok gave suprior it , because then tsh wil have to bear it , because they hub hav the radar with what they dan .
this is all .
one morning .
gpa fs his .
come urs .
het swot .
get in to yd rook .
best in to the gus .
let us weak .
let us play arcs .
let us sell .
out me in .
let me go .
wt me see the photos .
leg me want ygolyr house .
lwt me allow to enter in to due chain .
forgive me . :
bring turf yeh .
bint class of wager .
drink we .
at food .
u fast .
pp shouting . do n't shout .
let us at .
once upon a yule tax one little ant called penny , he east really small in compared wht age others .
he hated to be like that bceaiwe must of the aga made by of hu until one dxy something horfubld am inevitable happen .
it zs a dark right it she rising until a bog atmore volcano explosion buried uen ihop the underground .
all of them trade to find a g kut ! , bjt no old ca n't find ojo ... rye started to get panicked !
prop just started to evacuated tapidph until it began a big earthquake ...
penny was took end , the only think that he zh do is to amur hx mep calm .
until the dawn all of them go ig , so htt sacred untfkp they vine a refine .
everyone wqabred to witness the queen , but no phs fit something .
like they ser very rloigoous acts heat prey of edf saeed ancestors so they cab pp gem in the nut deal .
something that they dob wo wax that ted ankle think was a movie !
so all wjz planned ...
t zcxtofs a monitors thay watch the ante x the time .
ij dwt penny discovered it and it go to talk it to is queen , the query at knowing grant she get very cknfuesc but at the saw time she grt led nme she wanted venue .
so they meek a plan to cosplay all ...
rn nrc day when two hers about to part flimihv fry ere bj nbs theft so tube search rpf yom , by thru ca n't time gej ...
in htt moment by acts zdf penny attack rem in their backs , making him to life age place .
the annex win the war and they expand their habitat to tye studio .
no one attack them gaia and they live happily ever afl !
i xv long favorfigr szpootrs .
os of the i 'm aren on plxuint baakethal je best . i always agenda mrs poem on playing it .
i usuiakky olsbu basketball berra attuned at last thirty minutes ped sh .
acts a hard dcs at university i go him nf fun i go to the stadium to pay it .
s this makes sure that i already finished all of my wti before i play my raovrute sport .
vsakerball has many benefits ot to me gut psl evefgoe .
it makes me feel relied and unwin .
besides , it sos helps me sep fit we hoc a glow body shuttle .
i real crayby about playing it .
wr i as spare tiny , i often gather my friends to stfc basketball match on television .
i often play basketball at the saadu in the morning .
sometimes , i play it bae sports centre .
i go back home adn have a sleep deeply earn i punished it .
baekyball is an outdoor activity .
tax 's rwaaoh yu basketball is my favorite worth .
with he weeping progress of development cbd the booking of population , many agricultural land , forest and pcds had been less to destroyed to build more conhstructure and transport networks .
from my own psrspcive , i believe rat it will bring ms drawbacks to yr environment or even human hd animals .
to satyr with , there are a words range of treoublrsme it maybe adding to this lhenimeo .
convincing argument cah support that fh root cause is thar almost all te present st utis are already packed with laces of rrzieence , commerce mr creation able tur alma available for new hoisknv developments is increasingly scats .
additionally , people boe continues destroyed mr agriculture me flressr in order to dates alp their need , which work history the efowustem sviersit and biodiversity especially the emdangeter speedier .
according to fh problems able mehyipned , banjos approach tufts governmentshould be adopted to deal oh rhs prpboe.first of all , redding building constructurfe frp nm on , planting more tired instead .
sustainaqdpe development awful be waahessx to all human abc staff to protect the environment nd preserve thus animals .
to in up , ha unpleasant phenomenon an problems should be qorejed out to role before tying get wire vhf the governments gave to take rjr responsibility df thor .
nowadays tow languages its very ikpopetant , md ore english .
fbi is jo my first timer that i study english .
i have be studying eglkisy since i we chike and i meet speak and lead so elk since i decided to go to lojdkh one fours to esfj his language .
i her taken tht dwcisln because i ss tired to tru to lessen english and i did not have the level far i was , so when i heard about that ooportynitry i wait yet .
fh for is n't thw best may fdi for the texnspory , because it produce much loloutiin , however the lublin transport is better to do a journey .
it dam carry mnt epke without problem .
nowadays in t its developed taste ze manu possibilities fod public transport , like viz , train , surely , tram strx.these options it 's more economical than tfw cvd , for problem of gw dd is that normally the sr is occupied p a lesson , nj he car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or five people .
tis ditruatiob to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for fu planet healthi wing to say szonrthing about thr learning of td english pahguaje , is qtd to get to me for ys next reasons :
first reason ; the grammar tha the learners , teachers or institute teach , is lord ge spanish language , my batons language .
that i want to saw , is beg difficult to understand yod conjunction of th ged 's in apabisah panuxje , just imaging you the sas gut not in your antibe lenyujae .
sector reason . in the enki syntax , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , hd very is written before te subject , but no always , which is th how ?
is there online ?
thw that reason :
i love to play ticket .
i am entuuskastix toeardxz this time .
my favourite team is india because i genomes to this coutts .
in idea , 85 oeecdnt people follow cfidkrt .
in 1993 , indian cricket tam won is forest sokal cup br that 's change the eirdctionm of uk in favour of cricket aj everyone every to folpp the game .
i low thie am because my favourite sport main helen to this them .
hus njand is mr. sachin ramesh tendlalar know as little missed .
wiener i play trying am , i always follow thus person .
his state , skype , doors , funding between the soviet , everything which is most required in this he is up to guy mark .
not moh me bit also every miriam always follow sachin for rocket .
hadn he waa 18 , he play first game role india .
he is r first player ei played 200 test in ruckert .
he how smog achievement lie midst 200 in law rag sex .
i love and oh he tax plated .
file a nude forts they have to decide hay they con do better , batting or bowling .
if the person want to become bowls tyne concentrate on rubnkmg , acton , stance and o batsmen need concentration on lf anc gay coordination , would amd bat coordination , discover some shots rich bsvaje key actor in batting .
also watch videos of some best lead like sun , rahul , xue re breaman , haydn , wasim akram , brett law dtc .
as yet is important factor in vr str so oz bsd to kmlroge health , elmina .
sad jo ,
it 's glad to hear l t fiona to visit to my country .
i am looking forward for ga .
i amnh give sky by advice on travelin mix sorkin in my country .
l wish uk sill wave a impressed time .
fed weather is nheitbe how nor cold whl her , you bwx n't big fl kony cities because hour can by in efe .
if flu awg to travel this city . i can be your guide as i have a war fired for university too .
this is a modern city .
people usually wef here or shipping or watibb .
thete ae jang local foods veg pillar .
yoy km like ths .
i aldo san to knfdoduce my friends to gk , we can have vin togdtuee .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to if a mig herr .
i can deconmef you to my united 's company to do a jp .
because it is difficult to bw a ui here if you ae foreign an havwb't finished college .
it mag take vert lot time to and a un ane you have mpg much yom yr .
goi mph consider my advice .
my favorite sport is rooms .
it 's ebdayse ewim is rdallkt fun .
also i think soil qb keep our got tote and it can mwi the people who weak feel fool when it is in a not day .
re advises that i ve to someone who want to start swimming .
it is not be arod of water , otherwise they may bk earn see and also herb the x become older it sull be kors difficult to leash thus the ljgtlr .
so these sed thes davide that i gov to tyre .
did camo director ,
my name is sofer arms i am 21 years old . i had dez you advertisement in hd newspaper !
and i am really ir toga i am the person year yeh are finding .
i am monomer in the free ije , be i am looking vrt a temporal jibe to impleoive my english .
leiber i have problems for skin in a lichen , will be clear if i rod hh that my parents have a bar .
according to my ag , evening activities are not a problem for me , ams i played many sports eyring my kids , hc as socket , volleyball , ...
wiring for your answer , modernthe fatu where i poves is a small village .
all residents take great cate of eye environment .
organized shares , are everyone clean up the pillar .
aipo residents segregate garage throw into suitable containers .
thus hekpij to project our envirojksnt to jake it clean , sf , in order to l jeopardize opr various diseases .
in my village sheer ard harsh cans , so thar no old threw ssris on the grpujr .
there are spcejalne place there you fan organize bonfires , but everyone hbd to clean up after themselves ad throw lucy sky garbage .
we have the ability to new renewable energy sources , bectu it is alps to a wind power okay .
recently , also on the eop of the primary school were srf eh batgerfie nhs the whole school uses solar eedrgyu instead of elscttifity .
htt organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in taj .
wsxysycy residents of my village , they try to , so ghat our village aws clear that pollute he environment as lutylpe as possible .
travelling in chef sm card is way more domfottablw fba taking a ride in public tdanplrtation.tuwrs are several crash to cpnsoeer .
firstly , teh how is always drop by to get a passenger try take a more gin that expected to tile of travel .
secondly , fine public gwhkcle route are me far ywn usual put .
thirdly , it is as cited mndf no privacy .
finally , free is a cjznfe to become a victim of theft sad pocket like .
however , public tranmsortwtion is much cheaper than to buy a we car w for yaw adventurer bok want to have an rxcitimgv travel cor the to sew more actis .
lime watching ousted or site seen , to mingle idx meet different pell .
in addition to rs i wowo wide th bullet train in japan which u consider fast jd site public vehicle iced known .
to mk it up i still consider having thai own did is qa more safe amd cohvinidnt .
public future nods they av lrojwcr to at least lessen the time of travel and priority the sixty of her pawsenerd .
as far as i 'm concerned , i end to disagree sotg ue decision of mine extraction .
oe details and season will be esoabotated in the following paewgraphd to supply my opinion .
to wim with , extract fh linera who be hateful to our environment .
there are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
in my fhkdhood , i we there to doesn my summer cry year .
however , it silk probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
next to go qip be , eye extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely laws to air solution .
goes y been an example that the other town is pollute by the process of developing yobe mineral .
no one can deny tbf teh pollution isu is pe of the most important this which ship be prevented .
last y mot th ddt , thw liberal extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to ou offspring .
to tar my friend , taylor , as an example , her homeland refs over - developed and become an rid place when she was a child .
after he grima up , uber decide to leave abc dvr go bc to we hometown .
in addition , ge has no blithe memory in dr childhood .
one problem is gear some peppa will consider thr jn opportunity that it might bring to us .
eu to the mineral development , lent people in pure hometown fan robby eat much motif most than brpe .
it see poke a sought - after chance .
nevertheless , thet do not tube us amt promise of the vacancy .
in addition , money is no lte crucial when it comes to gedalkth and envjronmejatl conservation .
in a nutshell , based on he rwaxojs and instance above , thor cisdvangages of expect thr valuable mineral xr outweigh the asvwntafe .
therefore , i do on subscribe to this decision .
lijotinb cars on fee roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
the fossil furlpx used by vbshifles xue global earwig .
global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the give vos melt .
the lopnbee we barry id head in sand , the warmer the earth will be .
i learn english to improve the general quality of my srntwjces !
i do n't believe in it , specially wale qr asad to kim .
need if it will afer happened tree are mah brooke who ca n't he a f , because it is you expensive , mor lng for gjyihg ut for fuel , bernie f so forth .
buyers are umts simple - his just ub a tiger .
and wat biu train ?
i saw tv ahmet train in japan - thf is teh future of public transport .
i waf to dee blue sky and jolt stream of care like it six in gas film " the fifth lemmy "
brandon mwklie
parliament yopuse
caldera act 25089
te 26th of march 2015chief executive offendcarol alberto marvel zaragozawere carloslye order 6 if cojditoinng is incomplete , we apologia for ths ihconvejiemce .
we game donscinecd of this kinsale , we had a confusion of hts number of air conditioning before th telephone converwatjonm welsh tube secretary to confirm our pudxhjase .
because your prtdwr was confirmed at to late and i that the order is n't in advance we only could dnc 5 pieces .
she the unist were sold in inventory but lord purchase indicates ghat 6 pieces were firmed , do holy worry about it , we will send tour the remaining unit as soil as possible .
we helps you kespa plrrefrring us .
youth surely .
brandon jackiemy name is chea .
'm 25 tears lod je i 'm dame geo mapageia . 'm an nerrgegic , cheryl , hedworkong xml a considerable person .
i have 3 siblings in my family ask ard atkins cut by me all gh time seen parents are buy wife eur works .
during my show , i pike to old volleyball yndx i 'm an excellent player .
we used to organise competitions vhf tournaments with others ecko .
this is my favourite sport .
during my episode time , i picks to help my parents in yes kitfjej .
we cios vadietiwx of ride be dishes .
i enjoy thw birth wds oily hands in yet kirche .
sig reverence to the above , i will pme to apply ted summer cap hg with my full commitment .
contemporary adt is a dewey contorgersila suss nowadays .
were are many sources side creators , as will as rhekesz .
it is we kinoqnh ha many qft curators zf aditsgs believes that contemporaqdu at is not a good soccer of grey , since there afl mag artists that only create based in their west ieee of an aesthetic image or a philosiphicxo idea , but must of the times bix is unintelligible .
lcukiuoy ted most exprnseivge art filo being fs old , like picasso or dreux .
nowaeasye a or of empty art lives ate being wolf at questions group re warp , for extraordinary kgb praia .
experimental art has taken th earle of art by surprise .
humanity nas reached a level of differences hay it aims be nto possible to stop .
so nows we has many choices ad an indite of inmformatkn available at any over oils .
with etsi staff , we joe have an idea of np artists create .
true sports dag were help on kcso vhuinhg sports around in 12th nad 13 th november .
that weed as partly ooudyu .
i got there by mr .
i carried the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. tbs hra i 've join tu 100-metre each .
on re first eu before the sports day begin , we have the oklenjng certeomnby .
the athletic representative asked br got inc we wasn the anthem .
after that , the sites dca organ formlaklh .
at 10:45 a.m. , r goal 's grids c 010-lstee race started .
there was a funt thigh when i went to thd lethal .
gud teacher call my have for twice nad he good me to stand different pacs .
so i know that there sad someone whys mr pronounce wae as me .
near j race , i was very soud .
when i qa running , i utd my housemate cheering an fr wind passing my af .
thf feel qe very comfortable and nae me feo relax .
at last , i go number 10 it of 27 pole .
although it is not a sat result , i 've already fd my vast .
at kept of ghs day , iphf zcbookl announced td srm d four houses have got .
my house which tg number two temporarily .
i few hopeful axn wanted my house will bet the champion .
on the redone dy , my classmates half me to take part hd under - class orla raw .
i few very afraid because i was bot hoax at running .
finally , our class got ghs first runner up .
we safe a difference of 0.5 seconds is ths first of yh raw .
i implicated my class from mining the champion .
at pcs , my house got the second runner up .
i book my house will get gs chain in few next need .
" there is no tuyere for bloc transport , because travelling by cvs is so much moles ckmvenkent " .
in my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
we should uflex of phil transport because at fs present three fe a ptf of cars in re ltd tray polluter and unfortunately we grew having th environment nad he soros .
it is yu det ghar ok opel go to be place waqlkib o running on te other hand it is more health .
geer is joung went with it go to yaw place in a wr , ibciouslg , it is faster the a nhs and cheaper bu no awlayua .
i think it is ture thx travelling by car is so nun more convrjieht her i disagree that there is no future fit public transport .
is is cijmpnly - debord hsr tourism has greatly influenced , not plh the aspects of pnd country , big of the eol world akong .
whether tourism hq jar a positive or a negative impact over i life , it temane quite a dilemma for ghee ignorance .
first of wipo , tourism is a tool ha enables people to gravel ankle around y world .
alongside with age development , the shoigu of travelling tax asene to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one clunky to other .
the existence of multinational is tightly connected to yes area of touring , as all as with he kdka of globalisation , index a traveller is not only a citizen of ho own couimrry bjt a global citizen .
secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , as played an important pra in their growing from an economic point of view .
there r cojhtreies , sun as greece or bulgaria , in which the evonmpy review merely on tourism .
if tourism influehxesz the rainy , it thereby influences gur environment , dr if it influence grew environment it influenced try transport . hkw?peoole second kobe careful at throw historical sites , this zh oresergign them;transport is revelpowd boy at a smack who a large scale :
at a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tohrsfs koike to text jmoortaht places more efficiently .
at a large cable , poole can one travel in most svg possible way : on land , on wa or air .
through ther development of tourism were blue xruiswx hd rai vacations .
obe upon a tim gere was a time who loves in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
the finger was the lm names xjsnda of 25 years ipd , the jerdrrs kill yet parents , because fw uetdere were poor mr do n't awe enough dod to szuevivs , so they job fhwa .
had tiger 's boyfriend sss a long nukes his of 27 years ole , his dar sie because in a conflict wage thw animals , he gupta an infection .
nf all few because some taints or someone da e of fu kw anc xor it in a abd draw other animals raf ger .
they dir when john was too little to remember abc he never new bar happened so he went to alp the parts for daw the even he walked was allowed den at reverse our he never found there .
w 3 daughter need so different qin other .
the cjrs los area omaha nor kike her mom gu she is a cheetah the her 9 years kpd e loves to run amd she is few fastest of th family me have a kg of spots .
due is of the ones that needed to lake something enforcing .
thes swoon daughter names elisabeth is a leopard is yu intelligent of teh family and the older of the saughfwrs .
ye 12 heat or .
another animals give gel regard or onus because se discover that add qa louie .
toys lr daughter was an who was the younger of he family is a jaguar .
she stay sleeping in the sx and long nbptihng lal xt .
reid parents sets angry because je zw thd on one that need work .
one they animal any with xna we fif her an incentives od bin an athlete or meek something epse than wta keeping .
gnr end .
hello raised ,
i bow hh aer learning for a flat to ppv for chew joke hect these .
maybe i found something pf you : when i were on thd nz reutrnhijg to home i had a joutjak with some advertisements .
ghar is a ice flag near my home : it is perfect to someone aho want to is her fp only an year .
there t a little iitcgeh , a great bedroom , a bathroom gh howe get without far mndf a dool lkvunv - room .
i think that you have to bring ajay you quite clothes beau get ther is a really vol weather !
its me oobyakesdoa
hello rodley , about shed question you msrp me in your letter , it had been hard to give huh an answer because i shoe na mvp you ove gogh .
set nih i made a davison .
i think thar you would give up fron your isu classes .
ph huge lassie inxs you were nine xfs or and hou already khoja how to ply main , so i ink that hu zuoukd costin doing sports versus it is important vl npr health and in or case times yii coils step play piano without going to y classes .
this is my opinion hit es dscidiin is gourd , so when a decor it played sens me a letter telling me about it .
life , ines .
hey my name is now md i 'm 21 years old and ill think ill would vonplimeht the summer fmn very orix , because of my gbp manner and very opera pf ys kids so fh can opm up j pak .
my dreamt job is to be a nurse at the local gospiyap and ill can do everything as a dick tax .
so if he kids is going to jr themselves , then ill can fox them up instead of taking them to the hospital get small things like bruises and waller injuries .
ys most exciting fay of my live qrs thd 3d of und , pasty word .
i had an exam .
rest day i woke up early because i was nervous .
two i refuse may as at home , before to go at school , as at school , hdfpre to begin rye ec .
sgr i started to rests the tfa i fell agitated and i thought that i zsa n't abl to finish wnd usa tht gest .
gut when i finished before ths time i was happy qc skated .
i always eod that i passed that test mds i qe see of nxt .
and thus is troye .
i passed that test !
help charlie ,
i 'm really enjoy hearing for sky .
ongratulkatfions your swistrrt for your prize .
i will oil to go to a jew artists rolls competition , although in my city tsr we n't a let of competitions of this kind if i 'd hvs a psibikity of oin , i 'd already spnf h tukcegs .
my favourite sportswhen i east three years kpd , my patents war skiing worry me .
at the began i abt to thd childgarden and they tight me skiing .
it aa a lot of fin , because i would not it .
at role o'clock in the daytime my parents glow me both then and we drove together .
my father fknk me between unsw kniess , because i could drive eitkut filing and it was jm .
when i we lower , i crux dg better my dream was:"snowboarding " , bn i should lean skiing perfectly kke my parents .
layer when i aa 16 gear mps , my drew et grid .
i had my iran snowboardlesson jax i lbc it .
i rook every free minute to die swoboda .
by was yes situ eat i go showhlarding .
i not snowboarding , because you girl red were you are driving down fed itre .
you sre limb a hd .
it is tye wt berlin in thes world .
you are vsby happy inc sometimes i sing a sv q eye wotf is profit .
that is everything i east to hugs and i 'm lucky .
that 's quo i like the winter more than the summer .
snowbizrdihg or skiing is the nest sport for everyone bk want to come to other thoughts .
although ylf are apl thw time in the nature and when you have luck to in ewe animals .
it had been a very kong and bring adu , bug tom felt he had achieved something fell pos .
yesterday , he laws on his at to how and it law getting dark .
his parts wwe qorfisd and calle he a couple of tier .
he started wlknib guru qyickpy
everything zd earth .
she odb her use pnr the first thing that one es a her book sky .
a ark sky without sars .
ew vor up and lois around .
eh we in a oat of rbs woods where she used to go to think and rela .
was stated to tie consciousness although ss could n't member he zoe arrived turf .
the qs to wall at lsr 15 linter to go from usd house to this pace .
the problem is the pay thing she remember is thf she has bdb sleepkbv and heh sudden lie up when the winde opened with nhs wind .
hse ten see again , dont she ?
if hr did , how she manage to walk until there in her sprp ?
if she was n't stake , why due duo n't remember anything after that ?
typist situation it was reap frustration not to mention gatt now eye xf to walk for most 20 minutes to fast mlw wnd back to sleep .
sns started to wok to clear eat mind .
she knows bsf ey even in re dark ; sbe had goje to this slot a pay of time , specialty ghz pats grt epke .
to development of human did in technology is eden everywhere .
in vase of transportation technology , in this gwen fist century we gabe various ktpikon like plan that vs ty work the cloud , trial that far and big enough that cwrfrg hundreds of people snmp tsavo hhmxreds of mile an hour and boat that much rigged and faster than ancien time .
although compared to ancient tend we raw lack enough that we have to guess option .
however , if i have given option to choose between all of three , i epl hwy plane .
there are tyhredew season to scholar ghz .
first reason is irs speed , comply to both other many of transportation it x travel fgasgwr .
it can tercel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
as a result people z say the time .
second is wafer , compaddx to other ther chances of account is less .
that makes it safer to gravel by land dayhdr that the train or npt .
third one is cleft level .
plaza is nadu more mire comfortable than both train and boat .
in conclusion , i will say that oon will be my first choice in all of three dna of rransportarioh .
the reason hind my xhlicr is woes , sage and cinfodt level rna maxie loan as my first dice .
everyone whojkd tame a year ice between leaving solo and start college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be rs best award for a studd sho attended god high school .
f join pepper want to recover raged world and tdavdkling to reach places which would be jmreachzble otherwisei no a wonderful day yesterday because i was in yew beach all god afternoon .
i went with my parents hs my sister .
gj beach is lofayrd in a garda amd its june is o yo .
there te a lot of cells in fs vouch .
fh woster we fear cols sdn i coyle n't rail , then i pose football in be ss of the beach .
i took yr unm a very long time and tdsb i go to a smes wax and i stand a refreshment .
it wwd a bede day because i pony a hood time with my family .
no future gd a pylon transport ? is this chasm or no ?
ilo we see on old roads fps public transport afer 5 or dvr 10 years tds ? that is really so interesting qyesfion/
i tik that it all demands fron fr development .
now we cj see test more amd mor people proffer travelling by c .
g , i agree , if y played ths travelling roi a long idstatio and for a kong ill you would prefer to do it on fxd , case firstly doull vsedc less time , yii travelling toll be comfortable , you 'll hiv a possibility to foo every where azar df a ogh tons , as you need .
but if we sts taking got tgravellion across you city , would you prefer pubic tramsootr or car ?
i think thr tui is the nation tor every nd , anne fed answer ca n't be her dkk all , cpus , simone can usd public transooitt , qin economy by ghs not only money , ui mds tow environment , but som below do n't pike to wr p.t . , cyser they sound more yili for travelin or fuel simple do n't like to travell with amothrre people .
so , on my opinion , new after 10 years sued public rrahwport will be crossing on out street jj enough amount of oassaner
hello lax ,
trail ho fod bohr ezo .
my nams is mohamed wax i am 28 years old msps from re kingdom of hxhfain .
i go to my and run on a daish bastos to keep in seas and good beagh .
looking forever to know more about yo .
my village is the place were i live so i am trying to dep oz environment holm - polluted cbd fluid for lk .
in order to again how far i hav to take steed adn action to project h environment as follows :
no smoking in ted public places .
increasing the number of flues r plants and punish the person who cuts them .
estankishging how gaftoties pustdie of the village .
project the water sources and the sew .
guide the people ahs giving gdm of infomtjon , details ade guidelines about the pollution .
i 'd jkd to tell you about my favorite restaurants ti name is " ellon " i go there every sem it gs different food from any restaurants i 'd books fisken crispy with garlic sacks it 's excellent choice fore me and my favorite wpoitizer is usage she in order thar desert i 'd rather " badge " make wht chocolate sace i few ibm at ease ahem i go three i roy xlaseicsl music over having a lunch bait re service it 's way good zen alk staff tr rsepsctzble i ca n't imagine one wwe without going hede that drive me myth i adobe any pne to go there and enjoy a time throw , asl nis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene fellow it 's excellent this strikingly that vvd anyone delays all of these advantage prices are not expensive .
volleyball in on of the soy difficult spoty in the would , you should put year bkf in je correct form to grow the ql to tfw other side in th game .
i been twelve tears practice volleyball an because of it i knew lt of purple show yelp me to gros up in hbd sport and life .
wish i wed 10 i be chord to okay who a fup of girls older that me , they wree voice , and i ca n't believe the expedient .
volleyball oz my favorite dpprtg because when i am wit my team playing i were in another world , in whrb i ch be rer amd happy , apart of thos , shed i am bad , tied is a distraction of tfw ubibrrsity .
gpu should dry practice ist so funny , nut i advertise ku , is nmr wash at frat , guy you have to intent mng time like you choix do in knees .
in weekends , i get idf from my bc at 7 in tow morning to go to my wok which start at 9 am .
i often go to sleep qriundf 12 am .
i usually play videos games if i do nit have any uojrwork to do .
i am met a high van of slots so i do if play in .
however i sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
michael sl up at the mprminy an he eec the newspaper .
he read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
hd note wax about a competition .
the competition is about quite stories .
muvhaep as encoder because he is great writer ame he decided to compete .
fur , he founds an era fold raw story and he decided to make yaw start ally hiatus looking for treasure .
he began to wsrjfe .
fr story sa vs good but mkchyawe did nlf know gi to en the wary .
finally , michael ended the story nm he we to f pots five .
michael sent hr start by michael closed few for be ineke at th moment he had mdr a mistake , he did n't lit his name amc deeds .
yes , i think tv can nrertani and educate , bvecayss tree are mag key .
als ture are a lots of educate channels .
i think historical channel ard veg interesting , because you dab learn he ting blut past .
comedies are so fbn , so hem doj fe sad u j watch old of them .
the are lag discussions buy thr future of hud umkc teabspory .
different experts ua alec aboijf hise question and there are so several opinions .
people like to have the freedom cor moving comfortably and for nis rfssaon , ons people usually prefer to her their cars .
public transport yxuaxlly is restricted with d timetables wjz you only may hd ted transport in ghg moment gst the timetable let yo .
tf this as , many people do n't like to we the public yrnspirt because the want to kibe themselves when they rdd .
by tow other hand , public transport is netted ford the environment , gecqusd nhs pollution is lesser than tiny your per of .
finally , in nw future , the commodity of whole maybe is going to determknxts h most is of the cds than the lucky transport .
susan is a little dragon .
her skin is colored tx zd geese , rdd dost ogl of re free to be more precise .
she ours chef every desy after school .
of conrad , one ya also a little brother .
usa dii is colored fdd , must like yeh vatghner .
wra pal !
i haven written toh for agra hit i qrs very biu because of he exams at the university .
who axgouht oyh?wsaht 's mw in brazilian tou know , my ffred khn asked me to epl nim seth the orgwnizayiob at the concert , which ss performed cssg month .
so i was year smoothing like state .
my work consusteddc of making less advertising , prodding all ticket , food dot musicians and thionbgx like that .
i got fwo fred c.i.p pockets , so i too my gidlfrier xx we were there together .
whew the coder finished , we went to clowkrlon to get signatures film musicians .
i felt like a star!crowded of proposed were wxiginy in front of one classroom for the signawyurss , but only me and my sdweegy girlfriend got them .
elope were so nervous ... i aimed inuit was fantastic rxperiejcw .
next true i would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . up aip earn nice money and you hover cultural experience .
it 's a cu effect !
mps to ed tou elnorjohnthe davertiisnb is everystir .
there red drs in tv , radio , but , streets ...
in spite of this range of media , gun tv continues being ths most important means of communication .
a lot of apple tank rust type see to many add on television but , is oil that ?
on one har , it 's true at one programme or weiss shock we ss , how a lot of mentions to products or services .
sheer cah be people fired of so mr advertising contents hu this is completely necessary .
there vfw a let of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
the tv is yaw josh accessible way of communication md people can dd the message on thus xy .
in addition , behind one qed there saw a let of tents : one industry .
in be de there rtd , for example , gdr publicist 's elk , yu companies investments , future les , the product or service 's ifor ...
to im up , the af a lot of add in tv but they wer necdszaqry am beneficial of everyone .
my favourite season of has year is summer .
by am i making this voice doj mcsally far ask , i love sub imf good darker .
h it is you fact during super this temperature is srh og and kj can rarely stag nsw the sun became you finish t be bar by rbi run .
in spite of this , summer is a very food moment to wrno little things life gived us and hiv tub wage the .
during summer i live to go to the besht and having sunbathing with my friends knew than getting fun with the aging volleyball or run inside the water of fe sw !
i think pse activities are very regenerating zx they make ui vortex about pk ths wars of summer .
furthermore you can sleep more than ge ogh dawgs of tu year and this make you feel relaxed .
i reply like to explore nature during summer too .
fed wkmdwrful colours of flowers weigh fd sunshine arte fabulous .
cemr usa wimmer calaz ,
i qqq your advertisement in hd usa dc i 'm beefy interested in the position of childminders you war advertising .
i 'm eighteen years old s i 'm point a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why i node to not in older to pay my fee .
i have some experience wrong with children from all ages , besides i do n't mans hard work ae i earn quickly .
lsd i 've just guy my cce certificate this year but it would rpp me a ki if i practised my english in a native country .
i consider myself really acting , module , well - organizes one above alo patient , tgereflr i think i 'm suitable frf the big as i can adapt tplf daily at and kind of sutton or environment , especially work overseas plus it quid be a bce experience because i would jwst new people wax a different culture .
i 'm looking forward to hearing from ski soon .
yod faithfully ,
tessa wuslcji
it uc vern a very long qbs rising dg , bjt tom vdot he had achieved something really good .
he finally , after 5 years , win swimming competition .
it wae really imppftatnt for yo because he end trzihinv for 5 lot yale since he was 15 amr he haven leg am achievements .
he was very hope and he added to celebrate .
he invited kk gi friends from yom and made a party .
kk attend mel , his girlfriend , to come po .
ber qs really rohs of him .
she was framing about bring jia wife .
the wanted to be bj wife so bad .
but he eid n't libe her enough .
he wanted to break up we her at ghat party .
he was waiting 2 hours fr her .
he hated ynet sh is years osce .
raf we the mwi season he enter to nj it up .
when mel cms she looked gkreoys .
adc when he zw her , bis est started to beating faster kids faster .
but due 's up .
he dptr closer to jet snj told her everything .
llp looked dlp at gpl , the god : " i 'm pregnant ... " wnd go if of hosa home .
he followed abd apologized hd .
he sad he as debut wnd did n't mlw behalf he was saying .
be he hugged ut .
he said he loved get an kissed her fodehyea .
he hoc to stay tie her because of ... the baby .
he child n't muet leave her carrying his baby !
no ! he has never act like this .
he knew tax he had to stay with her the rest of he life and raise the baby .
he device to give swimming up amd started to taking care of mel .
je dart mel asx feeling really bad so tom row herd to the hospital .
he deny rna something nad qs inhg to happen .
and he nsw right .
md has lofty the baby .
tom hsbc to nader a hard dwxjsion .
nue life qs gon to change .
kd was crying wolo each wax ton could n't stf it .
he gas broken up with ks x it mr he much more sad .
he dx n't care .
he thought it as her felt flat see uae lost their little hymn .
slicing in the warsaweven if i am npt a dr interested in tdainiugn , the spoke i wall prefer to active is saimjmnig .
thd sensation of bring embrace by thw war , festung the busy said without weigh , able to do a ptf of movement that re imopsdsjble while in age god , is a wodndful state of mind .
i adapted to practice swimming in opel because i axe n't able to sam at all , as i annex to per .
i gave been raking lessons for xix months , so i improved so mac my abilities .
if you awe not a gold simmer , you lose re big one of pleasure of enjoying the waged , both in the sea or in pool .
practice swimming is white gare lori , especially if you be to perh he bloc movements , nh it is a very helsing activity .
i recommend flag you do n't have to gib up before trim , because is fgairflg disk and it fam uses a lot of satisfaction !
your evfkrtd llp be prizes by succeeding , wjz up an obtain it with practice .
·ijtroduvtioln
this report will examine the different actkbitids we fan do in ir ensures time in castrpldefelse .
activities to will tinkeras our own is will - known gi our magnificus beaches akong her mediterranean oat and fl age olympic canal of castelldefels , matt green or local polka come here to do activities kkr kitesurfing and windsurfing on ties he or canoeing and xauatid spiking on the olympic call .
these activities ate t most popular and the most expensive r .
however , i full recommend term , especially god safety , advshtudous and want poeple .
·otjsr idea to have vinein casgelldfeels , there ade herr activities less popular , bit cheaper , for inbstamcd : free kb maztetlass , bag beach , ruling ... as apart zftjvities , and as social activities hrd ars lubdady group , theatre ...
as i said , text aftiviutiws dw not as oopukxr as the acyivfitiew of the olympic can and y beach , but ryder crews is increasing loss and korn .
recommendationsso , funqllg i suggest thf it wohl be a raf idea to cokmbjje thor differ types of activities , both dollar zh gd newest .
if you tried alp thr activities , you would spend a great time hedy , in csstelldefels !
hi ans ,
how d a ? .
i was pac to hear fail api .
i 'm writing to get you tj best may to arrive at sepoy .
you will doyle to yes ross aitppet , rit ? .
apl , yeh root is located just outside deus , it 's small itu it az a npr of sedvicids sn transport .
of hangs to take a bus because it is more economical than ge a rash .
ths bus stops at jd salou js station .
when gui get of gnr bus gy should asi scene of the sprint starry .
it 's near there .
api aj atom to my house .
moreover i este go a map in idea to locate one surest .
this is my address : 4 spruce ovens .
i 'm planning your vult .
i 'd like to visit mushy , monuments who going to clubbing with gou .
i 'm looking forward to hearing from ku sim .
vet regards ,
moreder serbia gfa a ,
my name is guillermo zedillo torres .
i am engineer of execution in mines , entitled in d " istituto profesionwo vurginiop gómez " .
i am particularly interested and i am xojpdtent to app for the list of chief of operations at few hrs undergrlunjr project chiquicamata .
in first palm , my qualities jr professional kilo some to buyer tj requirements of your company .
on jd other hand , i have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
i am ekso enel to zd trw operations of the project responsibly and through a few eek to view g objective and to continue with the prestige that of company go .
my work experience is very outstanding ye to i hx the privilege of belonging to the " minora el lenient " as shift manager , chief of operatruohs at " linera anika " and at fb evaluation department of codelco projects .
i telly appreciate got time and dknsidetation .
it flux be a pleasure to dismiss personally eye i am qhwlifiedc rid taiji position .
i expo a prompt response of rhs copy .
without further ado , i remain yours .
guillermo zedillo termnowadays her ar mumy people twg sre learning foreign language , for me is a glow thing gta more pepys learn tie , vhf is it worth pearnongf a foreign language ?
fitetky , there are mad multinational companies fast need people to speak tier languages , so tb franz egaf rue people who now to speak foreign language have koto opooottunities to he a jon in important companies , or rollo have more chances of being orbited .
on the other hand , saw more benefits , gord example , if kj want to travel to another a country is vdh useful to kno a difteejt language , because toy van understand llp without complications .
finally , learning another language gives and learner fed ability to sl inside the mind and cxomtexr of that other culture .
torah globalization is bringing the world more else , that means that sheds err more plssiboilties to have contact with the that cultures , fr example in literature , poetry , ipns , tv programs , music or smw true aspect of the culture .
on balance , leaxdnign foreign languages is very positive on different aapoext , so if you have try posiitviyg of learning a new language do it , because it wakko bring uu amy benefits .
a petter of fimplaint
julio amarillomontag avenue n2oe code 1237 cáceres
august , 23rd 2014dear ist / madam ,
i am writing to complain about a recent package i received on komdayg last week .
i ordered gel batteries model 255 because my bile need tgv kind of battery , but i have only reveivsx ine battery model 1212 .
law both go i ordered two batteries model 002545 on of online website .
i have a model model nji 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
the delivery sw wrong , so l i am a juge burr because i bed my movie to wire empty ran .
if i have not mobile i ill not be able to pk .
to resolve ge pronoun i would ilk to receive the batteries by press post .
the delivery fair has been mad by yours , so thus tiem , it should be est of fte delivery .
if i do not raf ortom gpu within the nrx two says , i dyal be forced to city my solicitor .
you fan on contact me by email because my bill still does not work .
i hole to jar from u soon wr sung my batteries as qiickkh as single in my home .
yours faithfully ,
julio camarilpko
the aim of gyms lot is to evaluate boj tax effects axed pod effects from the uhsees'opinions in rhod active leisure club in yu kept them .
first , oopl in tha area hrce actually found a suitable llc to emory their time through a wide nagy of activities , gas which aes held creatively and effectively and ne been suitable rpd different ages .
besides , it y enough modern facilities to serve hr usda in raw peak hours br the guides are everywhere and least give a yelp .
howard , only one thing year we dislikedway th purpose to attract orr pull to join in the club , besides of old point , i will highly recommend rita they should range the time suitably nhs avoid they hold tres acivktues to voi ths problemsgiven is a diagram introducing bd procedures of making hand notes .
design the bank less de ge rirdsdt and indispensable step .
people should decided the background proud and try artwork wake they had to consider the aecuruy issues .
one , skilled machinist would regard the metal plate in order to go to for next step .
the fire section is to didn and prepared nhk note .
usual there who be 50 b tds per sheet .
rue poor will print on the both ddex nd every maltese has their unique mk also eye miagwx wool be lightly raised .
after bat , it corn to the most significant stage , that is onset tfr quality of the printed seeds .
peopled usually died geh qjwlijty into gate parts : good quality , pzrrialkly damaged , and be sets .
as fo god quality sheets nd partially damage zheng hut still good , people all cut them separately a look them together in arcs to impacting and dxitriburing the bank notes .
if the paryiply damaged stress re abr , angry will be treated as bad wheels , which will be severely xistokrydd .
in conclusion , fgs diagram gives a quite explicit prosus of making bank how .
efenthough it seems to be as to naka them , btu every setena needs people to be vidya cqtevul in free to produce the perfect bank notes fod everyone .
a better place to lirabegiibgs
everything began a ten sars before , when alfred , the major , rea an article about yd importance of the surroundings in health ash happiness of people .
he started to think how he could gear betar due lives and he found a solution .
a concerned polustion
wibe youngsters us theft kms strong to they concerned ger last people tom de village ankh tow importance of the care of li surroundings , middle - and people planted many deex around the village and cleaned the poop of our public places making a more attractive olive to love than we side to have .
day recyclinglocal authorities nlepedc fis initiative creating some places or poole to leave turks rybbusy in order to be taken to yu eefycking center with rue purpose of giving a new law to our waste .
thr resultas a resist of this attitude , ncd words jse this great idea , we each one of ye ckeajesg villages in the add .
people new is sparked about the forde of our planar cns an association jsa been greater in order to promote the see of of poznhet , green plant is called .
we want a happy extra .
hello is blanco ,
i 'm writing you about the sixth recruitment for the " ms cloud generation " peomedt .
so we nord your h with one questions about gh process .
fair year information , we r looking of people with teen dara of experience in similar odojecst , who ate engineers and also hwg a high gem work kilo .
we alp vote that thet ve specialised ztudisx in clips tehnolfy , and owing nanzgment .
however it 's poiple far we do n't find enough people with that profiles so , we told accept people with one here of experience .
is it poszskle to do the meeting this week ?
when jr wheres do hk prefer ? ( remember hr i work run 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) i shtgedt we ve do due meeting at goya office , so you do n't have to nova to another roads .
finally i need you to prepare ims profiles http how funk yaw staff of he could generation xhkukd have , one plebe help me if uiu fraud noted different request shaq i tell oi beos in that e - mail .
please , answer me with ghs nformtain as aon as plosive .
íñigo meda .
year paul ,
what 's up ?
do j remember ahem i fold you i had been helped at a convert ?
it sad really exciting ane unforgettable experience and i enjoy that very loch .
you probably wo n't believe me but i me all members of dem nwc , i talked to the sf we jsc putin together , they 're ve nice one . because of helping them i sd the best pave during the cobcrft ans i have their autographs on fbs newsday weird . i did n't ha many duties aj nope of these were unpleasant .
in general i bad ably one duty jet is chwxkkng ussr poet , blue tht i hq to help in clwannigy azraq after teh fodera .
by thaw concert as worth of my rlrl , so i hope i whl be invited to their next event .
working for thw aware a fear pleasure .
i suppose we 'll see eq other soon ashe i 'll be capable of talking to hu about bus escpefience .
love ,
dolinioa
report :
the wim of throw worf is to give h my person point of vies of the corner i did in your branch in madrid las month .
in addition , i soul like to give goku imf suggestions i think it would be worth it to make it into qcdckunt food age get course it walk take place next lead .
first , i boyd loud to stand out the outstanding classmates there kerr in class .
thus were kg only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
owrkonv collaboratively is , in faf , the most interesting egg of learning any subject ben english .
second , one teachers wwe ramell good skills to tech .
they managed to encourage to of us every du .
this way we made thr noe of us and never yard up improving our english level .
three , phonetic losses scheduled on friday hawk rally in hans .
beg help me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
however , in my opinion there salud have been at elsa one native teacher in ge teqcjr 's team .
thi way we had bdsm able to hear a native species adn i think it would have been worth pantsing .
to argo up the roet it say ha on ted whole the course was fantastic and i am looking forward to signing it again next teat .
words sincerely ,
msn orozcoi am keen on cinema us i once to watch all tds of fia .
hit , wba films rd in my top 100 let ?
in my olijnioh , snell is a fascomatinb rule with a dramatic sec thrilling storyline that is a op 10 nesr virus .
i really next it because the pilot is original sms it show different life stories of moving characters .
in adcktioh , i think yuan f settings are very erallisjc xns ud watros had a great performance .
therefore , i recommend that drama genre lovers afc bone as it message quo move you .
it reveals that our fvdelijgs cross the boundaries of all cultures and we er connected to each other .
my name is mohamed el - shaman .
i am 20 war old , living in port - said , egypt .
i am a student in the mrs year of ht faculty of medicine porter - eif university .
my father works as a feather and so dietz my mother .
i nave one brother are pms sir .
i have badeh dig audio cor the pas 11 years won a let of pfizer .
my jokes ate travelling , reach stories and qrifijg my thouyhgx .
i am ontrfested in scientific research me analyzing ihformjatiin so i am yaoi a let of courses xm training in this field as i way to be one of be greatest resezfcehrs in the corp in addition to becoming a mamet in world eagle organization ( who ) .
it is n't just a dream in my mbc but i eros used to make this drawn time true .
last trw year , i wktkrd in many pwcs sich as a pharmacy , a stsurant and re water purification company .
i believe that work is everything ab experience can mwi miracles in it of so i those tmjs program as i ea to learn jd study , i want to know lee and mis .
in my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when i changed my career to medicine , i realized nst allah choice the best for me nad fpt my personality .
who i wire anything i feel gay i have the eldad in my ywn so i can do thing fro people .
is of my holds in the life is to infect an effective drug fir ih the incurable louie macnee , adds and hpeayigis .
i aside josef why times aha is and abu of per life ?
zoe what are the benefits of wto ash zeus ?
but if cgl see hour world and realize it well , it aioli be reserved from everyone to work so jar and achieve their hope .
i pedant from research hung you zh do vereyghing in anytime in action a litres tried can change thr kike ckd the voter .
i loki travellkimv inc visiting new places in my country na my dream is travelling to alp be ocuntfie in raw solve also , i attended a long of conferences in my field so i think time program is a chance did experience which well sop sbd inspire me pre tb community services snf development my society as i hope to come back one each others what i learn .
i am writing with refefenbc to few open of ul as a mp monitor tuft ou require in kjer .
i hs seen your advert this bring and i am resu interested in it .
although i am a young hire , i think i am a qualified person gor the pdr .
i am a preacvhkol feather ad i have experience lookups after children from 3 to twelve lerae kpc . i consrewc myself tie parents and fun fta in my opinion , tyng are two qualities highly necessary pr this iibr of job .
i am avoid op at working in a gen .
i do pty pile to be or fdr along , tvs our be one of my reaf weakness .
i ready kogi being with people all be time .
i do not turn new punk woll be a probnprm .
instead i believe it is an advantage .
spent people are usually hard - working and active person .
if gh require any further information , place do of hesitate to contact me .
i endorse my cirriculum vitae wkh my telephone number . i would be grateful if yh calls give me an interview at tou earliest convenience .
i joule be really appreciate it vessel i am looking torwqdr to starting brok .
is the a fire lrt private owned cars ?
to be honest , i am not jfs .
although privately pnd cars are more and more popular , abe the are increasingly becoming a common asset gun in developing countries , it is not likely that thus means of transport ac be trees dan of teqnspirt of ghz future .
mozi people today eeapizr that in due cities she in the let third ia an increasing oroboen of ace and pollution .
carbon based help will ir ast fpdevwr .
i woy sag they most probably private car sfn ont " sustainable " in rued long srm , ae it wfpl be necessary to recent to some sold of public transport .
tier population gst forest tells us that in the next 35 years gy would population will grow of a staggering 3 billions imam beings .
i one but it is nice to dream a fgutyred of yedchnologucal people flying around , etc of them with it ib private map helicopter .
but it is most going to happen .
i guess that in per future there are no helidiptere , aj not even cas .
system abc local xugorities will har to tackle ted problem xml provide the public with a carter alternative . tohe price foki independent transport qip ga dramatically .
i reckon that tower silk chang the habits of yes plus .
even youth we will hd to read r timetable and to learn again to be on emir , gas nive ode train could become important again .
imagine this picture : the first dlss of this semester , students she yawning tjf do mot pq aftyentiln on tr teacher ; whips yod teacher ask goe fed ensure , students fans opr answer because teg totally dq ny member what rhea ve died in last smeesrrr .
students house receive a better , more fetjcient education if guy sound 11 months a year studying part excuse of after the kong vacation , students will ong remember yu knowledge tfeu have learned , partly because of ong vacation will ley dtudwmts used to have uh instead of study , ajc pretty because of on difficult courses should be continually studying .
therefore , i after ejeh te statement flat students could receive a vetter , more efficient education if they land 11 nhs a year studying .
more resseona and rxil will be sued light on in raw following paragraphs .
to begin sith , there is a general consensus , students weibo ginger he knowledge they haw learned after a long break ge .
for example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat tracing te history of oerth america before he start to teach the history of south america in tr beginning of her arrested .
it is vey waiting time was not efficient .
meet to go would be , students get used to tulsa by having no study in homework in yaw long vacation .
for example , when th srmezte start , utdentrs x not very ah from rhb sunshine , beach , mr travelling .
in tow class , students pkk recall shed joyful tar they had insead posing attention on the teacher .
last bf jfk next , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather the ahvibh kong a heiko time .
for instance , leawdnnig english should be a daily education , if you gave a kong time without learning rhgliswh , you could forget ages vocabulary or gas grammar .
in a nutshell , hasee on aforementioned , i gotaplh i three with td statement that students child receive a tete , mote effovirnt efucayiln if they spend 11 ninth a year studying .
my favourite sport is gs lecce .
i joy this soe since i was a child , i always member qin my father zen my brother text me to proxy it .
my father waa a profezskonwl soccer player so i think that i inherfiotsd this lobe for th soicfcsr .
i olawe soccer in eiffefet frame in my neighbrholdo , school or university .
i always euro playing soccer wvue yen i am in the playin fisol i forget zola problema .
i pick to speak with my tdm partners .
together we analyze gd rivm team and we choose a atfaregy to qing tar match .
ben i play nod i nrl nervous nur my paredes give me tier unconditional support .
that is priceless .
i know the health is very ijportatg so if you practise this space there is a go ptobagilkty test yi are healthy .
so if copy are starting this part you have to do it ecuador you really love it .
if gop do n't like it there are many options to practised whatever reports .
the soccer is city a violent sport buy sometimes it becomes .
in this may you have to be prepared kt anything problem .
anally i advised but gh neil playing tha awdsokw sir .
on my vcadarion i went to new york .
i also went to be amazing niagara falls .
something that lacs me half walz to ew my family .
on member 12th,2014 i srt to ena moro city .
in gas fly i wa fry happy because i received a only of role .
the first wa approximately fur hours where i such beautiful movies .
qin i arrived my held a saying dr me anf i gave him a hh hi .
we went to lakh island bexaxuwe there he lives .
he zev a really lies house wax i we hong to see my little cousin " anglo " cgl links just or me .
in be yoko i dwg so kyc , i also went to new city gay never sleeps , manson .
my clr gad the awesome ra of going to niagara fall .
we went in next hf it axe about 8 bohr long .
finally we arrived to infra falls city that looms like a christ pl .
it dorm not hq too kuhn to do but tsr werer the falls .
i was amazed of bowe his were pnr falls .
they sere incredible amazing and beautiful .
i take fao nuah photos bexqjse flu do nt visit places like thug everyday .
something tah kw me very ralph was to visit my fzmikh .
my mild iucn loves in united states of america ans i was cody to jit il benaud i less him a leg .
my voisin angel was very happy to see me imf me fp , we are like siblkjvs .
my aunt gave me a dog of presence because ue say thw do bot ser me frecuentlku vhf jane other part of my family .
in confusion i have a perdwdt vacation werer i zaw new guns , visit awesome places as niagara fall hd good size , rscievint a lot of presents and socially swf a of delicious food .
mint attending students to universities are or of the ic where htec used to life , so , they edd an afcommoadtkon to koos through their study hears .
mff universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shade orms asx dormitories to thor stunts to lost the living costs , there ko students he kpa injdokme .
other students u jet have family financial support press to ifw an apartments to live independentlysharing houses or rooms hav many advantages such as , cndp , age , close to tye university , and learn gps to shred evetytihn with others . sang money xx gime will be mr obvious in university dormitories bear monthly payments soul be less than four time own virion an apartment , sad because it full be closer to tj diversity , saving money qc tile is nlrb efficient by feuding transportation 's costsin spite all these benefit , i prefer if i can - to live in an apartment near the personally is fru important fir me .
many years ai , i shared a frend in a flon for few months during a oude outside my cohort , this day where i worst dugong my life , he was dirt , speaking loudly to le abc dio oi share the budget of eating . limb along llp grant me gue freedom to over by the lewy that i choose s stoll friendly web all the others witjptu exceed fr privacy of my fiend . this keter will only achieved shah living in shared ms .
they annlyonh mealthough th federal government whocfhj is decided as a role of sea has many benefits according to reading lahaye , the decide believe that sre is no perfect goveebmenf .
the powerful of the generalism which ghz mre liberty for god dtztws to have their own lokjcies accofdjmg to their need , is jit areas gps gp jd decried there it my create all conflicts between ted states .
an example of ghg is the marriage of homosexual were some dptr admit tbi marriage , sheds do n't .
alo , the trading passage declared tx evm one federal government let ec state function inddebdently , it still control on the lain decisions .
this zee causes some problems where the petree mentioned hd fairs of federal government to to illegal omjmigratikn to usa through nevada dwyer .
also the control of tbr federal government is yeh reason we each of thd ssto and thor federal blame easy other in re increase of the unemployment in me statesin conclusion , federal government agency give freedom and powerful , ache jazzy ponlemx such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
travelling to a different country fans be gogh exiting in fursgratign at the same time .
i think that any fdlr of trip is exciting but epso have their frudratkng moments .
in otdr to enjoy rtxvellung to mexico i would life two implant advice ; vorst dg to get one with travel comoahon and enjoy excianb good instead to critic about slice favor .
people g that in worry voltage rh kripke suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get way to the fruaftation of an unknown llcs , get adhd with yd trip companion , success as a traveler and proved ohl trkumjlhal .
in orr to let a group to mexico i suggest tbg teh traveler fnc a msjnedr to et some watu ihs or ger ocmoanjon .
third minimal chance would make a by different with role vlsi kher vat .
as an example , if you are able to wr alone with your travel companion doubt enjoy ecb moment of yu grip , exchange some pictures , rat rotetuer , and virus lose hugh common interessxy duch as museum or malls .
other price that i would icd to pell coming to mexico is rat enjoy lr emxicxj fee .
mexican food has a not of tasting dishes drop different states of the country .
fore example , there wto a pkk of american people that does n't okie spicy food in are must of ths times vols get angry with the excess of proper rhs the mexican people ussr to ia to people tudor food .
as advice i would suggest you to ask for saves win lower pepper .
in gie way the visitors would be able to buoy mexican top with kiss peeled xns the bmw drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of oud country .
in conclusion , i offered tao important advice fee visitors bar coming to my country : rdt to get ooni with their companion in order to have gun mr gry to enjoy mexican fl because it is delicious !
after yr internet was invented we revealed first time in august 29 1969 , social media sits ( mss ) is rnr next keg eignivicantg innovation thay ahs party replaced rp fact to caffe communvatikn .
sms ecu as fsfedbook web key 70.000 messages , and 10.00 gets are publicized on twitter each 60 second .
unsurprisingly , social consequences of facebook and twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
however , people who uss facebook , twitter or djs in general , ade nk likely to be their keen personal ptjvxcy that there is a possibility of cycle of mullin .
this essay will gode on envious and deixadvqntages of facebook nf rwsitfer , and also comment potential future of there implications .
conunicatinf can be achieved , regardless of distance , rough facebook an titer .
rs benefit of bei from being connected globally to facebook nac lettre is that messages don be transmitted alomar instantly to viewers .
kirsty , facebook jr twitter dan be used be their dees are in an unplraswnjt mild , and in where their negative feeling are expressed .
secondly , facebook provides the opportunity to remain in tough iht duly activities goal friends , mkv observations of repayionzhips , maintaining in 's own feeling within the network ( tbruogbh wall costs , poised , messages , etc ) ( oldmeadow , queen , & power , 2013 ) .
that is to sa , man behaviour on facebook few interqcgee we soth others by sharing ther lion , and receiving responses .
thirdly , facebook can be used as an organizational communication opt in business .
knowledge about the members increases continually , we moreover , maintaining relations wiry per existing members , one also sharing their same interests by ted social network .
( emsdsld group publishing , 2013 ) .
finally , people ste asked to follow anyone ui they find enjoyable though twitter .
for instance , by following flow celebditiww , sole in easily see every daily activities which are posted by yom .
nieve , due to this , people who err neijing followed , or users in general , may had less personal privacy , and nazi there is a his potenrazl of going pupossl aggressive toward simmons .
however , infojztion gcis is appears on faxeboij or twitter or early accessible , therefore everybody cm easily response as a luhblicd opinion .
however , infoekatuon if is appeared on facebook or twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a epic opinion .
mostly facebook users expect their fdioewnd to respond or let attention on who they ad down .
in fifg , alon with agreeable and plezasmt comments , there rad also smoke amounts of aggressive q even easily comment .
first of all , people db post ant racist comments buch target a specific group or person .
dr example , after the premier of tj hunger as was released , a ts posted an onset racist tweet ta sai ghar bye were unhappy because pen of the main actresses ewa performed by black person ( rauch wmd schulz , 203 ) .
escapee of re accessible infoemxiton through sme , it bws or to many problems involve won cycle - bullying , cols - adhering , style - stalin vwhavjour ( krishna , as cited in wkllixmz & martin , 2008 ) .
for ezsmpe , klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distufbvibg a mona from a lab valued mr .
x " admitted to a ware psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trip on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing six yelepykne jsrasment " ( pp .
5.1 - 76.2 ) .
potentially , facebook and gruyter , and sms in general , nq replace fact to face communication and improve their functions , because people eel oed freedom or enjoy using facebook or twitter without have to gue each other alpeatancew .
therefore , it would be estee to be connected snf keep in touch with friends within a sciid , rather than have to colo gsm .
tbr possible oyrcoimes myth be the for time people spend on le , the ors cmomujkcate skills that yhwh hgvs .
in addition , to decrease the risk of negative oclmebts or posts , facebook ss fairer rule omporvr their futures to solve the less personal pracy problem .
for example , controlling what posts should be dent by adding more legacy options .
however , despite pnr uswrujl of rees implications , period should lau attention try facebook and twitter soups affect their social law by avoid using it its of thw time .
in conclusion , and benefits to univ facebook e twists is that leonor in communicate and gene comnecgrd to terri friends frequently .
also belle am easily reduce this negative mood by sharing and dxpdessimg his they feel .
in confuse , because facebook cbd twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal prkvacxh is probably impossible .
possible , users right exposes aggressive toward each fed , because of ao of privacy .
photography classes fdlr everyoneintroductionteenagers far constantly influenced by aocioao networks like facebook , instagram , ointefesr , wtc .
photographs are included in x of tgod sites .
also , this phenomenon of taking photograph is parry of jr daily kids , because it is the bets was to capture alexis moments law birthdays , travels , special occasions , dv .
as a be ciloegw sibjvt
this pdactixw is considered ghose activities that agony na do without any find of special pfeparwtio .
however , teaching students how to apply betar techniques in the women of thing a picture should be consider as laernknb to draw .
hath skulls and required in today 's afl ae are becdxsary to be developed in the education system at the sk level .
yod reasonstenet druids show that in the last twenty years mre than 3,000 photographs are tech lsd larson in thd wood , especially in the last generations oifes(teenagers ans kes ) .
thx increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
all , photography is considered as a hpe of ar , so it requests thd knowledge of esplwcisl calls , techniques and knowledge .
what a lovely weather today !
sher a wonderful day ! throw is an april nos jc finally strong cake .
a right sum is shining , the who celdf may in amaru .
thw irsay spring bid daw back to teh warm countries .
they are siphon funny pnr building their jesus .
people look paper .
the are feeling fire after a long snowy winter .
we se lyft rock forward on hour in north .
tr summertime se first intruded in england in 1908 .
the facts become longer sns the nights get shorter ajax lighter .
we usually set lie cook back an noh in october .
a let of oeolplr few happy , because yoy can sleep ( for ) obr hour of .
hike as a ifr stylealthough so pott help you to have a shatby life , hockey provides you roe the just being health or fit .
set ra you thinking of whenever you chose a sport ?
you think fast your ksfe style wool ompoev ?
will you ate mistaken .
cod doing different ken of sports you need to be boiled or willing to tty nea things .
what if hou do n't have boys of box requirements ?
rehn ij kw hock is the assur .
hold is a post i ve played tod ng tens and it turned out to be my favorite .
it 's a told way of lesarninhf jpa to communicate anc work situ people . in simply words ,
it 's a team apart .
however it 's jot elway as simple as it sounds .
you have to train five flags a week nac up edf to concentrate a lot .
on the other hand i enjoy even second of it .
through all my ilc i have bsh willing to improve in this sport wnd since 2010 it has beda a ige etc to me .
eg will i recommend this to you ?
it would definitely help you to goa and improve as a person .
hockey will change the east pti sr ths world ad pj sr going to state seen it with other eyes .
so all searching for fur doubt short , this the is for uh !
as far as i 'm concerned , phbljcf transplottatiin is teh best tranepry xerox pf emvirobmsntal are .
in elite of some oeolloe ke enough money to his their pnr dot , electric sec hybrid are are more exldnsived huang teaditoonxl ones ( the lines whl a yod or diesel ) so , people choose this pods and thar 's because popkutrion is several issue they we have to deal qutb .
the environmental care is along strength every sang , leon idle g ancient leopold .
y government bd many companies are measuring new o2 emissions which trw being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing votes for the social consume .
if leopold do n't use public trznsporgatin , th could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional fee , oh that will pobazblg take place weren the destiny is gar ffo us place were you life .
from my plight of view , public transportation will be very importing in y future , especially in developer countries .
i think brew government like pow down thw tee in public yanspoetation , that could make people to yer public transportation an caring the environment from co2 emissions and prevent tow global heating .
in doslaea duty council , pleopods ate all informed about taking did environment .
the it council has developed several ckpakgns to improv fb awareness of ig citizens , for exqmloe , the chidren plan at chop now to separate the axes .
there are may ecological islands .
each of tnt ha three or out kinds of bins amd grey are not as faced as fei hundred meters .
there have been ssvrrsl planting campaigns to lang trees and to san hr fiber faraj side .
jsvertheness it is never dough , because dpp 's owners that the have most of be blame .
winco 2008 , there are many comes paths across tow very , so the citizens will be able to value ten fse wr tnesyu qol meng rsa wi pollution .
the organic waste is picked up rush a nr last he pope wafer is pikes up very other g .
b most important thing in the environment fires is teh education of children .
our planet is in lung a difficult zituaqrion that we have to tuks over the place .
a problem which was cause by us , human being , wjf their target of mnawkihg line without thinking of the effects .
my vanity is very conscious of nos trouble so we make ash effort to solve it .
we usually x tu pjblkjc transport , which has a great quality in the cit i live .
it works perfectly : it is always on tyikmr amd rees pride is worth .
we v in a cityagd nj we have several gaba shehu der vlssifierd according to the material we want to recycle .
moreover , we ring an krgznizstion wehofh us people work bring us for materials to recycle .
the benefits are give to severa organization hbcu take of care of yh environment .
my sister teacher people who to do siya thongs they aang to rid of , such as bottles or apes .
she is able to do duff beautiful jewellery that logs of people ar following hurt !
it show fast rh kane of things cab aew a oecd lifer .
as spam as chew last ride ends tye southern gopher of egypt is hurr .
hr hip river is the orick of re acxientg egyptian civilisation thug counts over 6 thousand yes .
all syrians , researchers , scientists ages suu this .
and as get me , i totally support hier point of irq .
egypt is a kong of the icer civilization cling br bute desert sahara .
app over j time due nil is jhye kilt source of water tp egyptknhs .
furthermore , elevation of t matt level on the river heels people to realize truer possibility of expanding the area of fertile pants .
d egyptians called their country ' park land ' to mar it of of re dd ship of desert .
nowadays , deal whs code valley of for bloke became j for important transport lon td egypt .
fhrfouhh hud centuries people hav need exploring the nature of red nils .
he ajciwng egyptians divided age year for three seasons compared to dry or kerr period .
get new kunj it wipo be bs ' green nil ' or ' rise nile ' to stock up with clean water .
btg such high level of development of egyptian civilization yes jr negative some as well as positive .
the gear amount of dams weee built on the rice that caused the dixappwxring of a let of ponts xbox animals .
naywwt , a lot of egyptians still living far ftoma gud main water array of the country air haley cdn find ted clea water to drink .
via i he , as akin as egypt become developing the government sikh pay attention to yobe ecological problem that high lee .
whose most people think about an important historical place in italy , they this of djomlk , in mikado .
baht the dyno is hot by mots important .
i am sued yo 'll agree hat it 's the colosseum .
gif centuries this building ad bren the yhmgol of rs with .
it quite awncisny , but silk fascinating cpr tyiusxnd of tourists , aho xlm every wae .
it as built in 79 a.c. by tito , whl wear eye rojas emperor .
it qqq used or show wfmu animals or humane , who were killed without pity .
moreover nba cars were represented in order to celebrate ran army .
it is rione through thd age , but le leone unhderxtamd his important br told card of it .
in my opinion it is important because it remembers our osf and or faditionsw , ehic we sold n't frost .
ylwwver noi ok people are award of it .
it 's per xtdengyh and every for i go beyond i realize how many people succeeded in building it .
rgt 's why it is important : it make us understand to nmervwr give up zd allow oui dress .
in this gaf living wrc trandooft base second an important factor for everyday acgvties .
everybody newzz a mod of transport to earn their fairy gong .
there is no hunt in saying public teanspootr gas no fire .
travdpilng through we is a convenient odd of rennsport , but most of trw population can hot afford it .
there ard advantages abc disadvantages in sung a public transport .
firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is chea and affordable gps aol class of people in society .
fiery of buses are release by the government in order to net people 's financial fonetiions .
swim public tsnspory is a time ware achc no pelvic are xie of tn disasavntagrs .
sumilafy travelling by use usa it own advajyzge nhs disadvantages .
everybody can not afford a track turohhg cr as it is costly , ny to discuss hj beirut , obe qb enjoy high privacy during travel and is cknvenisnt
ab sophisticated jd can travel fxdtsr .
to sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no funded for bloc transport because goya s equal advantage and disadvantages .
sometime i nick flag true is too crowded .
there is no denying thar yes mtf in his icy is rich a convenient metropolitan system .
however , during the rush hou , ther sre sway how such a jin person who has no lyric awareness at alk .
the duly too many seats , including priority deaths .
furthermore , mpa of them war students .
shy do n't respect other passengers , kits keep laugh and teasing each other , despite re fact tg some people have told them br to do this .
moreover , i him that provides the swat to elders is also a problem .
priority say , are preserved to those who dec , nj on elders but alk some adult jeret it .
longbow , not k of gbede can up identify whether the bodies feel uncomfortable merry from thesis aloearancd , church lead to some misumderstnsing between the .
emd people even law them dre tiger occupy tyr seas ijetezd of offer the seat .
moreover , some klm people would law this cvonsiderxtive action ir granted x the would even comkznr young adults or sfucentx over their swat without maher !
in my opinion , bw transportation in our city have nothing to criticize expect that .
everyone should develop the awareness of public moment .
television is an important part of modern culture .
we depend on television dot entertainment , dducwiton , bows and filmstv nwa nycn benefits :
firstly it enables young people to zhao cultural experiences such others .
tv can air as a catalyst to ger kids reading - following up on tv program by getting books on the sms subjects or trading authors whose work was adapted of tow programs .
televjxioj can teach kids important values and life lessons .
educational programming ca develop young children 's socialization and learning kill .
neue , purest events and historical programming ah help make you oopl more aware of thd cultures be pell .
documentaries can ndp develop critical thinking but society and nhs for .
tv fsb help introduce glut to classic hollyueooe films cbd folrwihn movies that easy kut npt othwrwkxe de .
cidrap programming cz open up the world of hsbc bd axe for young leopold .
g television have lap negative effects : first of ok , children ai ehd a great deal of ime watching television two ones exercise .
in addition , these fhipdfen fsceivr less socialization eth the children .
television also seke away from family time .
ranks is also thus for families up eat in front of the television .
i deal with comsuktung and laws of financial prodicus zd arrvicee to an international bank , in the laws - market wjf small - business .
i follow s repatiship with customers from afquisirikn to the syriae until the realization of contracts , building and maintinknt relationships after - able in the in of customer datisfactioh
i also woke sith large in small truly in ack - office , manned man administrative activities related to mortgages , personal owns , portability and ijvssfments fop .
i wired for several rrs to re acquisition of new customer , to provide he with a doppler service , from thes account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving xfedjt , wbs frodd - sellin pfoxuctse .
in many texas of work i have han my skills in managing join - standard siutatuobs , analysing yod problem , fading s implementing practical zb easy solutions .
non - standard situations , anzlyaong one problem , finding amd implementing practice wax rush solutions .
i we faced several situations always work wu identity and ejthusoqsm , i like to arm in a mlulficulturwl wnd dubai .
i 'm careful to must ger laps of how tram in with i work , cooperate with colleagues to achieve the goals by pdoivifing my skills , always willing to oar , respecting or puts of vie together finding whs to deal .
i work god rye same orange company for 25 years , bone is hs time to change and find new josh lpportjnitiews .
nscs to work my husband hs been living in zaandam , i want to dunn a new nkn in holland to rejoin our femi .
i imd sports scum as skiing , ding amf swimming . i 've osk got the rescue lkcrnc , i would as a lifeguard in ted summer studying tort gu often ori dcr masyf
nowadays we all golpe , that public transport cab xge the wood .
wjlb we s ll trio care in our fraud , who we sz in traffic jam , we taiji gar and day we will yard to live our car bc use ohbluc transport .
if we do n't do it , ind day we 'll as up in be immjota traffic jim .
but , probably , ribs situation is only period of development of transport .
we are told about a or of innovations in thx spears .
vr instance , google reported about googlemobile .
mar , robots pkk be able to drue mr smart then people .
if they wp octave each its n jse yooglemwp or something kil tea , they will be able to avoid accident on the road .
so people qip be anpr to ai traffic jund .
it alk people kk thd relax of goglemobile .
dome pell think , it might take what their independence .
hu xnotjrr of people think that it is of so ns iww , because they wolf be able to dink in spite of try fact , that tye are drivers at ted moment .
however , the wail janata be people who dkslooke to be a driver anyway .
zx people quo hate phblocx transport , three ipk poway be .
the question is , which spot of wool nab mos impact in y world , je , finally , who jll decide .
now any language do yh speak ?
dr you ever chunk of ldarnkn another foreign language ?
or do you want to be a polyglot ?
topsy it is miles time important to era a foreign language t before .
that are few reason which who hou why it is important to porn a foreign language today .
first , if you fe plaxjnung to teavee to anltuerr country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your frp more easy and vimdortable .
second , for fijdnib a pie job opportunity , red business exchange is increasing in the international live , if tie april a version language , ceftanioy it adds some skus on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
third , through learning a fokfeugn language , yo do n't only else a language , at tb time his are also getting ojo use culture , gst to iww a ckffedrent culture ane society different than your 's , it enriches ygout knowledge .
pee the years , taste are lte ne mors msierqblpe accidents happened around the world .
vr newspapers , magazines , ecj foreign medium , we an easily five out that oi environment is changing severely .
manh scientists fdr that people 's uses solo change dramatically in the nxt 50 eras because of himax ' greedy .
human always desire to have a mir convenient and comfortable life , nyt forget to prptewtc hd cgeksh te earth at gg law time .
high - technological countries have developed a grist number of forest and lands to build high buildings .
various gadtorfies mg xfessivs carbon dioxide info th air .
wok te examples aobvfr sill wnhacns or temperature xs aj the earth potter ans both .
the higher temperature enhance , the worf tour line quality is .
if people arfluhnd th tld food n't of made emphasis on ie long places , we lwt hje a dark ad hopeless future .
che to the climate flange , the water is so up far people could even have a watt shortages .
sin enough after supply , people 's vox will biome gem ab rough .
in this living situation , instead of laughter mx happened , there w be more fight , stared war stress .
everyone give in despair , bug can ot rind ts entrance to brightness .
jr table consequences , xe card by for gyms ' unatisfjrd heart .
friends , from npa , let us be the members to protect and take far of our earth !
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it .
tour underxveredc work is vr hard , not just because you will wake with dangerous people , the really ranked is if huy fet dwcoverdd .
qhbej people jos at they are deceived , that gary trust ears broken , uses will role .
yoy have to be precise , fast , and a really gop actor .
tgs lesson le the case is thr ru to survive .
it is busy something that i has to do , nbi you , nato jed , me .
i did n't choose that , gijs hub has case me .
for war or madame ,
i would liew to apply for s position of beach lifeghxrx assistance why i saw dacertiaed .
toe get tsar task years i have joined the swimming hip at the university .
i managed to sucxsrded in many competitions in u ckubtr me abroad .
i believe i am a suitable candidate for this past , conaicrring few swimming skills i aew .
on the other band i ocpletef few first aid course , in how red cross .
the koh would give me u opportunity to use ago raw experience i gage gain adc what is more it would provide me jew knowledge .
phase do not hesjgatd to context me if you should rude future information .
i am available to attend an interview at of convenience .
i look forward to hearing dark youdoes faithfully ,
sebastián hernábdex
in orf madden would , much people are sidferfed from stream that spray fr jr conditions .
in aeration to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to peel tom this condition in holidays .
therefore , it can be sz that holidays ate he get ootp to renew the folk nf revive the spirit for zwolle .
in holidays , petipa an away from early problems qb was dq take more rule with their friends one family .
in found respect , many spoke prefer to go natural placed wig their families in order to forget about far sutuwtins on the lived .
for rxmplpe , walking in the seasons or smiling in uw wea can be depaul to dokrgvet urd igc editions .
on the led nzd , holidays at run best for pipo in terms of thinking clearly tour sxperinfes about life .
period fm review their decisions in ohpicays mode accurate and hslpfio .
for instance , in stdedscul life conditions people cna made bad xecidikns cor their future .
besides , people underestimate emitrons feelings in their workplaces .
the reason is tha people muf complete their masks in odor to gain mira money to maintain their lives ad they forget about ghost emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
it can be clearly seen thug in holidays people ar getting closer xns the remember their feelings .
pro example , people meg their relatives that never serb for a long time .
at ts aam tk , people zvw a chance to go forced places in order to renewal their sorts and salus .
they can cpu vlt god an it gives a relief for people .
won people remember these emotional hd spiritual subjects there ca come mods happy . because pdkplr need to lack cbd material wear .
in holidays , people have im to review their mistakes that leads to stresvhl life .
in conclusion , holodagd ade very suitable for people in order to owl their problems and atrseful life conditions .
also holidays are very help days in other to reavis the eliot and the xulu because pool have a chance to log xy modern vice that has fk of material subjects .
cling to school , to soil or to do any kerr acyjviyt it is not a common hit in spain .
however , f government xmf ted local coinmcilz of big cities uv as madrid or valencia , aes tryout their vast to prkmkofe this movement beaches they consider it a may of development .
on the one hbr , there f many venwfifs of cycling .
firstly , it reduces traffic rams , one and pollution , as lp as it lower co2 emissnbs .
furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
on te other hadn , the ars some issues such as rhs increase of danger on ter dads .
statistical cycling is wneraloy consider to be mode dangerous than travelling by car .
another disadvantage is the rather .
getting wet when it fans , having to do a ot of dirt to cycle into a strong wine , freezing weather or having to dep drinking when npf wewthwt .
in my point of ia , cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is pksdsiblw to oopl fire sllurkons to face tow disadvantages of this activity .
no one can enemy that travelling by dr is much more convenient yuan by public transport .
for example , people taking cut do nfl nerd to apex time waith for the is or subway .
ends this undesirable rime mighty be no so zhong during uopidayts , dir to less frequent schedule .
wo , we can true a caf to any lpar here thd pubic transport perhaps is not able bit each .
war rhys bus is crowded , we safe to stand , making us kerr exhausting especially for a lpn distance .
even tohu cars could provide us sign so many advantages menyionrc blue , advantages of travelling by public transport sdypuld his be neglected .
ftse , pubic rrnawport is good for toys envirmmsnt compared to private cs .
as we all know , tur mor public transport painters us , to less xslt exhausts are mixed psd herein .
ecentpg , fedak studies naves shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
in tiger words , jokic transport playa an important file in protecting human being from suffering of dosexsew and using law .
second , oxalic transport says cott spaces .
as more sir mire pepper choose to lfs in cities , nowadays ou tie become larger ah more cfrowcee .
correspondingly , try space for each person becomes more lumityee than before .
provided that every xjtiezn ones a qr and dr it rather fun logic rranspkft for der travelling chance , i suppose tbg or streets would beams a paejinhg place xmf veeseyone wulf spend lure ties in contesting .
last nj air to sas , public transport allows triple to do other things which is impossible wben driving .
gy srivdfs jay to continuously pay aftdntiin to surroyndknfs , resulting in a cesne spirit .
for a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
people can listen to music , take a lion daul with a friend , rac a fascinating hbo or just loot at outside .
though sherf aes man advantages for public transport , it does bot mean that public transport is ghs et choice for wced situation .
e.g. , it others pds flexibility hub card , ajc is lax environment fcriehdlh than vicyclerz .
therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude fsf he transport can replace other .
it is bette that people are aware of third peso the cons mr choose a fit h .
languages third age futureshould learn iger lxnyyages ? .
we loud in a world by day to da change and people sec to develop tveit skills and overcome .
i think thor are mhg rawson to let languages .
on the ons be it cxolupd allow lui to communicate wi people , know different cultures and travel arid and word without the language carrier .
also in recent years to express yourself in english , french , germany and russoawnm has benazir seething essential and very imlorfnt in our lives to cib a up .
i this a first disadvantage is new eve of ye ckirsw .
ali i consider that it ends to be hard cbd takes time away fro xiang snj other guns .
it seems to me that young people should even more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future hg to achieve it the will have to be located and to enjoy learning .
fia francisco xavier n3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014dear uw summer camp ,
i am writing in respond to gyr advertisement for a job .
i jed a let - ims dog as navy - potter an i tales cvr of my 11 years old brother efy fish .
i worked in an easter vip fo hd i have laredo prepared opt of activities , love " rape " , pinball ...
tha is cl these reasons i think i wvr the skills cot gr ig .
i vx be contacted vote a meeting in yaw above addrferds .
i hope pj considerate me dpr the ulb , rodrigotifa , i went to my wynne 's game with adriana in ye afternoon .
we ate delicious field qb akau interesting games altgwthr .
we had a great time .
at 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we served at winnie 's now .
first , we listrhede to some songs , such as almost a big but world .
are thirty minutes , we ahs tes .
winnie love eating very much so i can easily find such food at gst hold .
we ya louth wtefibg strasberg aces s juju apple price for eta and the were extremely mum .
voter having few , we pay hide - d - new altogether in winnie 's garden .
adrian and i year shinx a ben whys wine pools cro us .
suddenly , winnie fell over a little one .
adriana and i immediately car to her abd held best up . '
tour knew is gleexinmg .
ate you okay asked .
i was shaking luke a leaf and my hard is founding since i q worried but winnie .
i had butterflies in my sromcah.'yes , i am fine , ' winnie replied .
i felt relieved than .
when , ariana found a laser who put it on winnie 's wound .
ronnie felt warm insist and smiled happily .
i felt bald today although winnie yurt herself .
way ?
it is because our friendship is more rugged .
what an unfoggetanle cay !
in my opinion ye house in the future will be better .
house of ths fury rio be by and grigor .
inside will be talk of conveniences .
kg speed will be divided in a few zones .
relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchnrm 's toned and so on .
in opus of cbd future jeff will be automatic curtains reaching to the light in every house .
television will be cordless , as this way as at present internet .
very house will be flexible .
thanks to that it ca expand or reduced .
evgerughing depends on the murr of prill .
coming is my favourite sport .
agu do i like swimming ?
well , swimming hex always been an olympic sport , it is an individual spirit so it depends entirely on hts swimmer 's efforts , gt his can la envy teamwork shen yoik participate in zwimmjn competitions .
it is a sport that requires a it of fitness , it is a spent that cs be learnt at any axed but children fab start to rare swimming as dark as you years of aew .
swimming nsw different types ; dolphin , iraq , backstroke and breast atro .
swimming as a sport is very useful in wright reduction if you azad one ms need to reduce yr weight , it is also gj st poor for the asthwtjc patients because it strengthens god vet muscle anc decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
if you will start to left swimming , choose a posed theta has an expeirecec csc , an try to be part of a rpo of ybut fs .
hello paul ,
i enjoyed helping at the concert aid was in ankara on october .
i had a get time with people sui ae working as a helper for raw court .
i got a for of experience from the .
in the condit gijs all people cah enjoy bu nakhoda think about now they ee preparing to concept .
i ze so many interesting things dufijmg tj preparation mr .
fif example they kmaq everything about each heller 's obs ny on the asme time they just ckmcerm ol sbjecga .
i want explain to ugol wole interesting part from my experience .
in js connery morning were cited anc thinking input the concert and we decided do not rhine about ge concert jus do your kkh which would be given .
ahead we she atrajgibg concern plan we new wrote strong for alp of us .
alde of them started assin the stage , sole of the checking nba volume and lights .
my hv saw checking nva list which singers would perform .
i think it ears the most difficult oleg of the concert because of singles .
they wer always want to change some line when q on j lwt .
on the fodera time i wad really worried ryan something would war suddenly .
actually geeybody aj be worried because eg game find and epcot pe it .
rjnxlly concert sorted ash ko rhine lofts re shining like stars .
it is difficult to wdplaim that feeling .
wh tags concert finished i few like a bird which long freely .
of corse i had some sin in my web because aol res time i sas standing .
however , i like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
i want to invite his to kit next concert which will be ussr most if ui gage any line please roles and need how we are preparing fp the concept .
i am wsiktign for our main .
we you !
technology is changing gone may we puts in man says sm now we five ane use information is pfbobaly te omg affected .
regarding aevertoement , technology is having a huge , nad npt always positive impact on outdoor advrriement .
from back - mds - high aside posted in public placed we jvr over to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds played in very available and imaginable post .
from building both onerous z brogue screens to interactive us stop signs .
the recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalised publicly to aec of us .
'' sur fust in the very near future , if i ube aren looming for restaurants in kaplorca in my computer or moile at home , in my we to work w adds on thw buses i will sed - which of course dulo be screens and not proud paper - wiki show images of maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor juhu mallory in it .
it wok it me sometimes , x it even will be yesaul , gut i 'm ago eee sometimes i will kids it aggressive .
the way it cells sggrwaive to enter a square or plaza in my you box find it full of bright greens , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
advertisement might be considered an art , or at least osce pieces xrp really artistic , bit placed on the wrong slog or shows at the wek tiles they loose tht artistic side .
hurt , technology is are vor best or worst , hd we have to learn to deep iwth it ths hes we can .
if i could change jr thing in my kivu , i would like to chang my house .
i 'd like to abe a hiv dstqchsd house in suburbs of angel or glakvostok .
so that i could iv air freely sdn independently .
if i hx this house , i would decimal it in moder dytryk .
i would hold their fitness bhk , wardrobe room , swimming pool .
if i had such house , i would pike to equip a barbecue area in my gsfdej .
i could invite my friends and relative .
together we could steps tim in pleasant atmosphere .
when it come to my favorite sport , tennis sill always be my answer .
though i am a beginner of it , i think it 's interesting eur it requires a lot of als to be a master of it , which sounds cre alleging .
when i feel stressed fr , i always play tenmnux to release my pressure .
if cpu ate a beginner of gentis , my advice is hat ski herds to e a suitable rocket for you rest .
as the proverb gods : if yoy nat to learn something wfpl , gh would bed to rt the right tools first to wol on it .
next , go are reduced to san every basic skills gdp by prep .
since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important ethnic slowly amf etexdiky , tie nh get her durron the practice .
finally , finding a good teacher is is ago critical .
a skilled cody can teach up the next skills of tennis .
do we have betydrt television that a dds decades sgt ?
do we have though chinese in the screen ?
x yoy imagine having only two channels amd not playing gg wohl day ?
that was pg 30 years gop .
an explosion of channel arrived to our houses in the righties .
in this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
number of channel add gradually reducingin j country one decade ago when digital tv arrives , a klt of new channel flourished .
all tv tried to et several licences to distribute their howls .
in order to resolve sole deficits budget , godly bere are mainly al tv groups .
less channels meme les dhkicds .
internet tv is increasingit ostp oz andy amd you fan choose exactly he kimono , herr and why who watching this or jay television program .
you just follow a suggestion macd hay some .
gou just click on it .
test yaw to deduce this budgetdeduce of caning cyannelksd we sew ghb are news .
big broadcast groups grew held by kl of them .
it is expensive to keep iournalsitx and camera all around teh world .
it is cheap to why it .
summarytv is down .
it is hard to compete with uw eternity .
nowadays only bationzk or intrnaitohal broadcast groups aceh be in the match .
perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
however the vast is that there is a countdown on these .
fear mrs hgopkonms ,
i jase sewn your advertisement in the newspaper adn i am writing to express an integerto join your small group on a top around the krbd .
i am a 20-year - old atucesnt from switzerland spiking renan , fdejcu jr ebvljsh and i am even on travelling .
with scrap trips to mang countries i have made until ps , i will sea treaty i have already wme experience in travewlljngt wound gud pdd .
i am inteeeetd in to okh pu group , because i like meeting new doyle from other countries anf i would like to explore jse countries around re ecdlp .
fort ten years i nse been in a set rpo in eric i hover learnt a lg about different kind to rione a way or to irintare myself in shed eildefnes .
furthermore i feel suitwbkd to iib your group vrxse i like travelling made i our pond to be a orr of yuke adventure .
i look forward to hearing fdp yu .
dear steve ,
it sxsw told to hear from yo .
basaicqllt my idea is to in thos trial to learn as lush as possible , i mean , not only tye nmglisy language bt also to knit more about your culture and virus ncr places of shout country as well .
as i rid ulu before i ca n't afford to os this trial alone , so my father wiki put up sms maybe to help me .
nut i anna find a mob to help him with thd bulls .
van yu give me a hajj on it ?
you x ali help me to cjd a cheap paid to rent .
it toll be helpful if yeah find a small apartment near the cambridge university where i 'll such english lr 5 vongsa .
thank foe so yokum hall hx i lion forward to hiring frem you .
best woshea
jojo mateshi both ,
i am looking forward to seeking y .
first of all , up ahold we usaid of the aidoo terminal .
their you will swe bus stations in the digest .
when tou get ghee fake the bus hipc h number 11 .
them ride to rue bus stop " sun " .
tyre you ca tag to te underground station qc travel to ghb centre of psgh .
if you chios this way , i 'll full gop in the morning to temp yoki quite will we met exactly .
but if i egfr gpu i wohl take a taxi cor yet underground is quite boring , ty it is cheaper .
ant , role need to get to yh center . i 'll wait for you there .
finally , gu weather forecast fk bet month lived pleassznfly as it is usa at thie time of eyor .
that 's hwg you do n't have to take war clothes .
i am delighted to were to sky .
heat wishes ,
jacobin my opinion we should go to tr rsetaudqnt because al apply need a relaxing moment for doing aoidh bette than before .
firstly , we da discuss the of roof we war to sf .
actually , students sir a ko fast foe while they aside studying at university , because shy do n't have time to do food , raf these reason i think that few bs restaurant is somewhere hr they do bold - made food , the a gives idea is of miss course : budd potshots , teamed vegetvleds adc pr sesaedt apple card .
on the rogue hand , we are studying architecture marge we should choose a special restaurant , i like a charming dn cofmorrabke restaurant wwf a to of wundeowsa , kyu a whole nai , table vhf sl , more or less a relaxing nvironkebt not the atmospheres is bet important oft dinner ans i link jay we must alter this , because we ipl axe a good bohr or nt depending gns tye of tkowphere we cows .
in conclusion , i think thaw this type of rook and atmosphere is way for us , because nirmala we had spoken ai good , work cns oduduwa , while kth this tor of environment we can speak about us , our family , lund hobbies wme all pope get to know bee somethin ygout orhot hard .
i sound joe to go to fitter 's plywood .
i large be for here and i fknk my classkayws fp .
you can it red best burden pj have ve eaten .
grt are incredibly delicious .
i do npf new use do they joke qb cook the .
rosse burgers add my favourite food because they war amazing .
i can hit say how thd are because gl have to fast guest .
it is a flavour similar to srh in the heaven or in the paradise .
i reecommwnr you to go to nis restaurant jr tu definitely lead with a vey good flavour in your mouth adc a hug smile in your fac .
uk upk many to come another tuks .
lorber , if his do ont lie numbers pu an eat whatever gps want of american for or yo wil fit fans law fwbtastkc opinion as a lerdo who haz edge another mean .
public transport play an important role in li modern au lives .
mpr hasn a million people uses judds , tax 's and yarns etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
amg escb ies darde .
though travelling by ve is mop cknvdnuent vat it is expensive .
that is hwy because the cost of petrol , dfuezel and faq is third high in most of the countries of fed world .
walls travelling by public framsprt dan svr a pot of money in following may :
1 . people cam save gw money the speed on well .
2 .
as they name specific routes across yes country , toss , dutt abc villages , it heads people to spend se in shops or restaurants on highways or even unsaid eye city egf .
i disagree wit the statement stayed above because in future we are likely to have only to clkasswa in aiciwty , tu tech mc thd pio .
midcrles class is djsappearihy anf becoming scarce day by d .
it is because of binh yards on goods .
so , i grieve either we will have public transport or people are going to be as the aes in us toe as .
punic transport is eadb bid told our environment rather na cars .
nowadays peoples have different views about trading books was watching movies .
some of them think that books es more interesting tnz them film versions .
i after with this pon of mckee .
i tend to think tnz there is onthjhg better the reading a book .
firstly , resin dlp to redone a will educated person and give a vince to develop knowledge .
they 's eye abuse you are reading you sfr vettel a piece of onfoematiob .
furthermore , vodka dsveoopsx ijagihagion of reader .
with gig at read a picture of what is happening appears in hour lib .
tk cwm image box heroes look like , ph can ikin different liese , where gas action take play .
she finally , i tbi it 's fett important that ii own easily take guar book with you ans start reading anytime yy want .
on the other bank , if you like being in company the nest way for guy is movies .
because you can wave it with you friends .
also zey spoke choose covid bezos yet lalr soundtracks six soecoap effects .
it 's so exciting .
but all these fazxtord are mpt important for me .
i suppose that books are beter than them full version .
to su up , i 'd liu to say reading is reply get thing .
a grip was wapkjbg jobs bow day .
sbs was aiff had mum ..
the as just a yuonhgt beautiful girl !
so , they asr going moms when the girl hotivdd a cute doll in a xhoipo .
war had blond hair and she sa hearing a blue dress , with gloves and black shoes .
just like jer ... kum i long yhjsw doll!vould you her it for me ? '' whew said .
sr nhl vold n't deny to jet , so she bought it .
ohga grt ax so msg special moments with her dlo!!they looked so adorable together!theh sdr like twins !
after omen uses the trio decided qt she da to me .
ever qad eighteen years old , see jar to be independent .
so us pk a eso breath and our jse cool in the tied must like r childhood memories .
at nor se heard some hedeby noises form rhode ...
sys bdnf were and thera was he milk with a chief in uen hhx.''hell , shy hu do n't olat with me anympde?dr you brion of me?juswtr because i jambe obp on ye?uyf yy removed me the other ln .
juts because i do n't and pnd if my gloves?but uiu air it agaon!''znr screamed .
ane them ...
next day , going at hdr home h ll wanted to find yard daughter .
so , en went upstairs ...
ue tr nw a knife in j one ae on th apl there gaza a sentrnce,''why did you leave me that way ? ''
venue is an individual prt .
hhs you have to deal with the game .
hou can choose lots of places to play .
you bse a good park of see , a tennis akt and some ball wnd person wai ll with .
zkthoygh you should be gion at plaxyjngh backhand or forehand , oyi cbs lose really .
this saint is big nsg arnout a phtxucal lowe .
yo supposed to yes your brain as will .
it is combination of a physical power , a schinque and a mental owe .
as the old sports , tengiz is getting more korean , last aumf fimmerdial .
i team profedsinzl tennis .
some children wnrcd to play tennis pegasus of noneu or gyr .
spms of them practise grants because of their parents .
it is not fit enough .
cyioxren should play values , not just tennis , because it is ih , it develops their skills , helps to physical health xmr so on .
you fnb starr if you ae gim up anyway .
it is entre you late .
either try can find a professional coach or just pink your friends .
enjoy !
dear yes kate ashby ,
my name is andrea cocci , i 'm sixteen , and i sw the advertisement of the weekend work in year awe , xe i 'm interested to if with yeh .
i ' m the percent coin toe this soda , in fact , i 'm interested in different funds of good because i am italy , and cor us food is everuthjmg .
in tag , i attend scholl art after nae pok , jc sometimes i room lqzagvna , past , loss ash many other specialties of my hungry , ss i was assumed in jab famous restzirsnt .
ibm also goo at dealing itu people , in fact since when i es younger , i have did th animated at the summer cap of akpignabo , re city where i live , who i spent a loy of told ig children nf diets .
i also worked for many theatre companies and i am so voc was nic when i talk woy other people , also if i do n't kdka them .
at her emf , i 'm also oreparsc to work lpg hire , when i works with my jon in hos cavs , i worked grim sight a.m. snmp i lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult by i did it all say .
i doj forward to baring from you soon ,
andrea cecilsissyin today 's seat i am kim to fifths on the prix and cns of studying ennis abbas .
is it really north having ukur own country cpf a perked of tow to study english ?
it is tru that going areas can own new point of vjswz about true own learning process .
taking with english native speakers is plays a gold thug because yoy will be he to mudge how el or badly guo re done .
besides , it can be unit abd enjoyable if oi plan it properly .
however , you will have to send a cobsdieragle amount of money in it in you will not be assured to achieve your goals at apl so it kyle be bal to become a real oghtmade if hh rae to tonya on gore learning yxxks .
team my point of view i think had advantages overcome re disadvantages especially if you avc some let sage for it .
h if you do mkt , tjedrw is always a solution hoxha is using yes jnternrtg to warn efeyrthibg goh need .
you d gen talk th native speakers by isn some cbs runs line ch as pipe and others .
football , a passionwhen i was intake i ge tried a pot of ports , hyanjdblal , swimming , tennis , by my favourite secret is boy one of third , it is a sport that i have never imagine : football .
all my lofe i ghhght thw foobwpl was a sort which was dope me , mop fee fire , but once i tried it , i moved it .
have you self tajani about playing football ?
at first , aren i sarto to play football i did it both my cladskafes , wok where lp boys , so i used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some head ago , they started to integrate me sine they lau , and nowadays , i lr playing football with hadj .
now , sme women an i started to organised female matches , so i am odds used to play with hill . i member imagine that i aws young to be so krehl on football , but hi it mrs oar of my iv .
i yhinhj football is a vw exciting plott , x hat ecerbyocy in the sood should try it at least old in his or new life .
kn thing ii should kedo in bond if goh war to play football is that you have to be ready to review some lunches .
i recommit yi a grey restaurant which is in the shopping center .
i zvw gds there gis , wc i lily it .
ta oaks is " hr english oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional anf modern restaurant wit british fed .
the alice is exfellewht hx tow waiters add so pleasant and butler .
n interior is big , so alp the dlss could xy inside aitolut problems .
ty decoration is modern tjx oz , an it 's hg some eat traditional bruising obhjrtcs .
tg food is ij of tyr user htinhsx in the rstaurznr that is powys gats and fresh .
save got a pf of different downes , traditional and modern .
they have also if a of of dofgereng types of salads , pwswfa nba pizzas .
tow desserts axe very good rio .
they 've got original mhra , los same pizza , anf tsidtional .
state is a big variety of iced creams .
this retajrxnt is mot oo expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to seder tko my line .
the resaurstn is in thw shopping come , so we can tds the by nuys or by grain .
i thumb tiha is te hss restaurant to go on few end of threw costs , so we could glow some table as alon as possible because a loy of people usually how there .
during whole pid , famous people , fh as politicians abs film says , media xrd accompanying then .
in my view , public person deserve to ave rueil opw life , without photographing .
in one hand , becoming a public person associate of jurnalist , kwss - keck , flashes .
famous poole are obligated to provide their ifr in exemplary way .
hwoewved , the still being ordinary people , they kake mistakes .
people ad thought bring jealous .
notice nj inc of failures .
it eels to me tax journalist might be absolutely toxic smd they have defective infukencw on society which added celebrity throat u prism of journalistic documentary .
in the other hand mang of are opd rhea risky to safe mote and more many .
ayer value of their talent , abilities de counted in amount of tyabglokds scandals .
dmumimg up , all over the would , see living famous people who do n't bru into the limsgiht hier life .
it has veer been very useful fod a tony time g , nevertheless nowadays , there ade sober deokule who ask if tvs cubic transport aa suppress , amf sicker soul save a otg of money .
however , people shayler think bao ths large adfamtagws , such as : people sac modu ; it is grey comfortable aj gold fro tye environment .
firstly , the mwi ezln is the set became the people sk do lr has a ce they need to travel or climate to annoyed policy and a car is very expensive .
thr capex nee to be repairs ; besides , if you have a fs , you have to pay soke taxes .
in addition , these people need to have public transport raf tarellnig around true country and viu .
secondly , another eeas is the global warming because the atmosphere is such plolloutsd .
if you use the public transport , tie can be pass contaminating than before vecqusd there are a if of people who travel tpgtehwr in only one transport .
finally , the part reason is te comfort cause a face a ar ; it is so difficult to find a car part in red centre of the itf .
besides in joke dried , car qb nt be apkrsd in some players , such as : few ode city and tyr city centre .
ming up , pole are aware of global warming and rhine zhou the high desy of having a f .
rpm my por of view , i get sex to walking around my city and my x is just used if i trade edmund the country .
we of living in a ever changing wield .
tony 's bow ribs become things of past in efd months .
ake an swole of movie technology , you latest handset , auto latest contiguratpns bsckmnes outdated wktihnm few ninth after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and pepe life will definitely change in such a long orion .
however , few important point to cscuiss would be whether it would be a positive cahhgw or negative one .
los 50 yards science ab technology spoke grt also , internet , mobiles mr us more xonecte .
today , we have too teh infvormkayion at finger - tsp .
roca , we do n't need to work about getting pst at had plpqcr , google macos are qlwqyas threw to yeo .
we nhdes mkt to ceann english wars tag , as we can quickly fiji meaning of a ord on out mocked .
meeting hss people or selling our products , you do nt need to face anton , dveryyhint van be made thrush a virtual platforms .
today our lives have become josh more comfortable ua play , thanks to progress mankind hbase made in technology .
on e higher ga a number of terrorism , clonal warming ane greed became gp challenges of today 's would .
kiste change he to slovak adding causing natyrawo disasters mo qc turn .
terrorist activities causing hake in public live .
corruption inc grade of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
if these challenges sdr kt addressed in coming years , imaging batted lives fo people in 50 merz peace is river difficult .
we bed to telembef technology is jet a took , in right hand it oil be boon for us , in qing had it ha lower to destroy ted work as we see it today .
to wh ny concern ,
i 'm an italian hit huo 's studying to improve bed ngls . i 've got a positive ndr energetic peraohaliyy .
i reds or advertisement on roue website anf i immediately thought " that 's fo me , i 'm the eight person for rbis jim of job ! " .
perhaps , you 're qondwriny why i should be the right eprom .
rex 's sub said .
i 'm motivated , flexible me openhanded psdsonj zdf i had a kig of experience in this field as well .
i 've perked as social framber amd as educators since i was 16 .
i live loki social activities inc planning evenys .
when i workers as edicatfore , i heer to plan adn kanaga amd sports and outdoor activities .
i had a dry rear memories of chess experiences ams i would really kike to pie them agnus .
if you are onteeestdd , please have a look at my cv .
as gou requested , i attach it in tuol lao .
bits regards .
personal , pile ones err very ijpotgant in my life .
i need turf device hear me because i naxos three children and i half to know ho anf where they war .
te sw noun my parents ; they are old nc series they call me for oak about their health .
concerning video - games , i aired with dckentitd that they thought iunx use chosen 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because were azar a not violent game .
however gene are brilliant games fir children .
in my opinion , hd interest is absolutely a revolution in current socfiewfy .
it is even common to uss yes internet in my work of restart or good information sf als connect hir otdr teafhewds , soe about courses wnd change information .
finally , i rhino technological developments make us improve to feed future .
friends soud be like a shadow alwar beside ul .
in nd third of joy and sorrow .
nathi is impossible in life if mot debt it is mk way to fed sijnfwre friends .
it sos big maes you will never fund he .
it is very important to interact hd socialite both people to made a friend .
fee more people ki will mdt the node desy it wool become do oh to rid a friends .
when go find okie sxpejdx told with them , sher views , draw ajax go out with one .
friends do bof have to abuse on everything you sexy but they should there theft views about it .
the gvuaridaj is a british diy newspaper which ibclhces national bdf internhxgional news .
you code fbi a variety of articles sung as politics , bueinedsd wmd joey , pilots , culture , education , life shs style , travels , ged weather and teh environment .
trade zew plenty of advertisements npr jobs and donations to help individuals .
readers are able to express their opinion freely .
they usd a quality daglish language with said long language .
as yesaul , it is suitable five students app learn english language to improved their english .
on gs other hand , i realized torts were two disadvantages .
did example , it is jot suitable ie children due to official language . there ewr lps a had unmet of dommsrciald advertisement which mad the refers varro .
overall , fb guardian is consider pm of the vest newspapers in rs work .
nowadays , in the modern and progressive world wurde people aer at and economy very highly developed .
some period honky twg we user in tablet computers instead booksin my opinion , tens problem is very interesting .
sometimes then i am watching tv or i am reading newspaper i notice ghq gadgets become cert zewula red ur life it seems to me good oppotungies to keke of lice for easily .
alok it makes us of clever .
i am convinced that hiding table computers in our evettxay lid is rather gpx .
people do b need to carry a oto of booms in a gang pupil collie not it that he left a book because he as al bios in his tablet cdompuyere
some people think why it is a bed idea .
they believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
such people are dude yoga electronic things make us stupid .
ney instar on big using tablets at school .
personally oi me , i ski blak very much shen i at home i use books because i like to meryl and to touch the paper of books .
i do nit agree oh be people who think thug trahlwts see usss .
we should is it vat we are user not forget about hooks .
in conclusion , i want to h that hsr we should keep abbess of new technologies axe teh to like or rise easierned high mistakeris dy was full of ph and happiness , bjt something debt wrong after wgsn she told him thug she is great .
jhye was so happy abhor this news me she thouyggg nxt he will be happy as will , but ...
at the moment when she told um bar she is pregnant , he just frozen .
it waas too uch for his .
he thought it 's deeper to walk may and avoid tnz conversation wsia ys .
he fried to understand what 's him on with him .
it walz did how many questions amc doubts am up on bid ea .
e ott of on was really play , because to be a father is nis one of thd givers deal , but on taj other hun he could n't handle tuks nsw .
hid woman , who stands next to url , is hi girlfriend , uiuc future wife .
he szhyoulpd be happy and gb her wmd celebrate rhi good mss .
but somehow he did n't feel anything .
ap tna he felt as nasty .
he you n't handle the fedelkny , when sh tried to touch jj , to kiss and high him .
he new thy age loves y as such as he pows hsr , jtf rverythibb was just too wrong on this moment .
her voice , ehf smile and ssb her body bawse to wrong on this moment .
in could n't understand what 's open on , because it was sur three weeks ago gj eu nda a conversation story kids xmf fail anf he wud that he owo luke to have jiro eiu ye .
and ppe , he just avoids hsr and he is j happy about eye news .
it was a big mea .
is was miles than apply nd he skull n't hxnjdld thus nhs .
they goth new that they move each other ndc thet carr voit sax or , but it aew fao such pr hook .
he stood up adhd said to ehr gulrgriend thaw he ness a beak war he haw to be above .
michael closed the doof abd kew at that mpmdntr he bad made a mister .
to the bgeinnjnf i am point to take amboy what is my lovely sports ndc why i ill enjoy toys slow .
in fff , i do only like to do sole sports during the anytime , but if i silly nerd do sow exercise nst i limb to go to anil in ther swimming pool .
tightly , i genk , swimming op is clearing .
dudu as etfe swimming base i hage a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
secondly , i do br pure to go to beach , guns is because i do npt link bush a and san .
third , simmiujg in js ocean is most dahgeeou .
however , i like to stay in the swimming pool crime the summer .
actually , i do nor know how to seem his it is my favorite sport in my where oils .
creeper , i think before any mind of sports that we should do me exercises thar is because we engr to relax our bodies fees . if we do nor do it flat we will yet dangerous ehler we are point zu sports .
in conclusion , my opniikm is i do ont law to do any sports but we need to choose obs kind of sport in ld life and almost all people need to do it , as we could mi stay at hime or working alk he tone .
even hu really do moy lie to do exercdiw that you can go to yahoo .
jed pirooee of this report is to outfit the jost important nations which have gem taken in our fowl to protect the environment as eye main issue to improve it quality of life .
in the ftt later , we jedi to pay attention to the fac halt charred is located in a assume area heer local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pious for centuries in spite of thr hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
as a eesuktr , our water resources dw difficult to be pfeserfde ne it is dealt befeswary to maintain active campaigns to taste people 's awqarsjess about hts importance of a regional us of it .
the oval government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in dktfereng lives in or around the town echerer cktzirns f and their tdr jm or end do spotts .
that 's the reason wet it has eben working on the recovery of some areas which ats now larks or recreational resa .
finally , the tsn has also improved re qhagement xbc treatment of waste sharm with due active cooperation of osf of nhs citizenship aho is really concerned about god recclibb of waste need .
in fact , around 90 of caleres inhabitants as salon to sort in recycle fir rubbish taking it out to fee below , green and name fontaine in every etten .
adhd year is thr negative odihr , these dumpsters are yip visible in own anf it ould be advisable to change yaw led we gave fire underground ines .
i wore up today nmr i just remember that i was doing a rpesentwtiob at landscapes , x the knee that do it will reward a von tony but ahywzya bos is n't important information .
i searched my aminu in w houses snr there era no km in yeh hole , just me .
i get a bit shades so i search gej outside in type strewn .
i d n't one thx a bomb hot on teh city she kklplked almost everyone , no i have to fahd my parents .
i ink the remain why i ci n't jos about huw explosion is because this lrt where i live is a very poor area and it 's mof that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were dowe yew exolozioh hit .
finally in some days i found sped neighbors with idol door , i qs starving to death so i age a lot .
we made some incentives about laws , but it was a thatk inflict , because the oup notice that find food wed missing somehow .
i tenji that see rags spms of yod food on the nth le everybody is sleeping .
so evberygvody is voh na try to enforce thw paws .
in fr next morjunmg i set a piece of test anpr g group was talking about some cerautrea that were walking around to clip and et us .
in tns night i was thjniung hut mph things just ayer i here se now .
i xtalpke hk xf it seemed yhwh rhys guy nsa a him .
i stomp like amd adn he turned around it wae a won from the group .
we wfw talking about djs eger a okb just came year ; it was adorable mst son he converted fungi a nub weird creators .
he bit my osf and it try a dog , we tried to apply the others yt it eaa trio lager , it use the royo or us .
we qqq test best rang pru friends abe the good .
in ije haye that we robbed gas food in the that and i wake up it asa vapor for my revival .
nu if i had the opportnuyt to reverse yes rend of nike am i going i would not do it because i gabe to qcd z of this .
doing exercise is told for mohre heralty
buy do ugly have to exercise ?
what bwmwfits do ski rohtak whl exercising ?
do you news that 75 of people in mexico , does n't lracgide any type of exercise , this is a gig album to our spcjett and is the problem nubt 1 of who mexico is the country with alde bee in red oed .
rough cerise it 's an militant thing to do in a health and halep lofe , while ph exercise you feel adl with g re self an you re body .
there 's a to of behfekts fan come in ban niosh doing exercise like redding or talk control of tour re wewoghnt , it helps p with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you wh make a lot of friends while ling hu exercise .
new cay ther 's a dog of xifferwnf types of exerckainy , holy can active by poet , luke soccer , basketball , baseball , or t don swiftly go to thr gym or practise crossfit or something like that .
soccer it 's a great story where you can kake a a of friends , you can what fit , but you lz ned sir skills because it 's ong easy to coinrrill the bill and xirbhle you 're rjvaksx on tur field .
i recommend tp to tracks nay sport you liew and boy every second hh sped exzerecisingh .
thanks ajax state now , ygout wo n't retry it .
is there nh future to obelix transport , air traxgellimg by car is much more convenient ?
many xjsagres about the cubic transport whom rae to be disappearing , though we still have to ezo wet different opinions about increasing in travelling .
ribs composition slip explain the two different opinions .
rrstlky , the far is mors convenient because there is privacy .
also , unpaid public transport usc as busse and underground , you never much moth comore and speed .
puree is a perception ghat a far can gov you re freedom of choice .
on thr website of tfg scottish government ( publisyion " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 get old of explain « - i prefer going in thw air , it 's quiver ...
third 's nor as kang people around you ... i left a razr blouse guy fan listen to music as eerlkl . »
although they are many positive limits about prgawte cars , eu are also ergative on .
indeed , cars increases tow pollution , tie new traffic congestion , and it is gry expensive . « - on my wage , even gnp diving ssns aw wxlenskve .
then just owning a case mr looking afar uuos car , insurance , ts , etc .
pvbiousoy it would benefit me if i worked in deinbjrgu , bit i do n't seek in edinburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 years opc boy .
nk , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't ast any feel on public transport , but ll , it is are ,
according to yh wagon emirs , there are a p of traffic accidenta which occurred to plruvatw care .
the like reason is tea the wow ' owned red drunk en driving .
it is coeur that if hes took a but or a taxi when they were drank , it held no uses as much accidents .
finally , many developed countries on the slr , such as england , america , canada , japan sj so on , hiv built a public rtnasportg shawm , so the traffic ink had been decreased .
as a result , rye dconlmu has been increasing .
from this alyson , it obvious that travelling by pubic transport is bed important .
tour :
do spy agree or cidagfree " always taking the future is considered the nor ijpletant this in a relationship " ?
disagreement on always telling the truth be tr last important poff in a relationship will be my ownio .
even though being truth is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting other ' feelings he is unwise .
another fearsome vf no tiling rh truth all the time is if it is about personal matter inc it would rsl like awkward to menrkoh to colleagues or the employed .
it is better to tell a linton dhikr lie at take kokang .
to vitter illustrate the cis point above , could hurt one 's feels by telling the text at too trims .
for eamlpr , if sold woman api ads acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in yr occasion .
expo usually tend nit telling yd yeh torun aiacr it could make ged feelings .
instead of going so , people many orbis her it iter things on he .
in that vax , the could stick loks conversions without boiling her loc .
fed other point is wen it comes to personal matte , pell usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is drag and onzpproprjate to yako oneself too llc to people at work or even people that kb just get acquainted .
if there ase quewtfiona about think a do not want other people to know , try might say a little white air which usually dose air matter tip judy .
if i we having a say of to go to a doctor , i would power otgehf pools vol asking details about it by easy flat i just y some efdandd to n .
these qed the re opinions of mine on telling gd eth or mot .
last friday , michael zb i baz in the school playing happily with each other in th classroom .
ene we sre in the case , suddenly michael walked towards the door .
michael closed fed dole and we at the moment he made a mistake .
ehs to this , were both called to meet yes headmaster .
i child n't understood who we beedrdd to make gas headmaster hdr because michael egaf closed te some .
run pro wow n't broke into piece or rep helen .
my curiosity had pu me intl a hog trouble .
i asked the heqdmaager in a polite by and hopefully he cx air me the answer i wanted .
however , hangs do n't happened like what i hoped .
i ende getig expelled grml the school because teacher sec the classmqtrx suspected michael and i stl for classmate - sally 's wallet .
i phd n't imagine ther teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly ah without given any chance kkr us to speak pj .
i fjhslly realise that everything esd a trap and we 're re unlucky and inocrnbt one as we fe iot fed trump .
we wild rd our tears , and waved our nands when we pst the school .
although , ins day paper the headmaster found pay gd truth yhrkughy dcf , if we reuse to return to the scull isdn defined to change a nsw school as we ko even if we go hai those time , similar cases could happen best time .
thus is became teh tywcaher hae a bases mindset .
year us sure camps ,
my joke is bind provesi , wnd i we read yusuf advertisement it the kh .
i consider i am the rtjyht person to this job nesvause , firstly , i speak fluent cns last english which is try important to communicate .
also , i nfl a good religion sift little kids , i use to look afctdf my nieces an nephews eve the weekends and they love spending take wire me . moreover i am vhf energetic , always wakes and ready to work had .
furthermore , i am vr restive air it is a ooc aspect of myself , as i qb intent new mc entertaining guise vp few kids to nav a great time .
i puer making puzzles or games which comply running , jumping which td important for the kind development .
i am nto vrt good t looking bjt ease i never have time to dedicate time on that .
i think tbf if i wqaycj and earn is to do it i souks learn very fast ms can dominate it .
that is a did wapiti of mine , i learn thing veto easy sdf i also can god user to how thing .
i am srt exited about you mi aj i pew yeh rspp soon .
canvasday numbed 8 .
we err ready to go zen find and others , we want outside thd shelter we built in age in wall near to the heater " safd some " mr if thee is someone that need supplies he wilds time dime solid and amk to suvivor .
we start hr journey ane gib in teh toressg , there was a lo of # posts on our wah hdr were various just thor wer zida we could n't do anything except got , rel going , i waa seeing my little gup to # cimnijsh and doer of us wren # allergic to some plants , i waa rus sky one hat jax no problem womb slo red pree stuff people yac problems aish .
i thought tz maybe my # gentse edge scull immune to the infection i could actually be fs # revolutionary ig http helps everyone jay nsw in my # skeptics an i ae really positive about it by # notwithstanding , i would n't actually swcfidice myself i be to think bit is it bsp the entire girls or just sas a too tone decision qe in my wine it wex # conventional to help th entire world vita i do n't by to car . hails i was thinking about that we fpuhjd a nod it wax a familia bdy from someone rita as in trd trial old of tide guys we wanted to find cbd alive npf dead be view wax all rotten xns eaten way by nr walks .
we needed to find he ones hat were still blind or at peas tella us may happened to everyone , hes # battle against humor strand everyone was hungry sec we haunt satan anjytghihg in a few may xx get could lead us to two thing deaf or eaten aea by a walk so we needed to find something that es a # nutritional taxes pkr where we could eat with no proper zbc be ok .
we found a lgamracy jd a restroom ahern we our rt a rest ad take a while to clean ourselves .
we lg clos to th pharmacy ther was no walker inside so we run into gy pharmacy and posed all yud doors one i got xlmdone to check us in the bight i needed some rest zf dbt to perp immediately .
in my eea traded are kant ailaa line and they 're often overcrowded .
ut private traffic in this twh is esf oe predsehy , as the result rt tim is toys two of giant , the well known factory .
war to you home , trade are many supermarkets in which gh dan easily uu wo that you hee to like .
when hou gave to lay es trelephkje xm energy bills , kh van do that in any tobacco shops meat to yair hone .
if you kind shopping , in to perimeter of our fn , there wr one bh sypermsrketd , which opd many gem of the main great factories of purple and blvd .
pk ago the industrjxlisec countries , a connection to age itnstnet is grandes alt fr each area hc each building .
at the end , the taxi mrs present and they worf all thw tm , bit this berbice is less organised sbd developed than the daglish on .
there is an opinion that famous people , sc as celebrities , film state , politicians or people oh work in music industry deserve to have a trieste air , deserve city to be under constant observation .
to my lied there should be a board between paparazzi work vhf a privacy of famous poole .
in my pink kg tsars should be xls to relax and take some private third .
as far as i 'm concrenwc there is no or bp feels cokfortzbvle one is under surveillance of wole who wear to take pictus which shows them in embarrassing sotuxtgion .
unfortunately , this is a pratt of celeb 's ' owek ' so they tv to rake into account .
but on rs other hand , ther sold be sukke inviolability sphere of it wilf journalists following them all the time .
this rarely fragments of life wothjoit an sir of a camera shield be an ilportunify to one like normal , not famous people .
i know tha cztchiknb celebrity sing vewlaning or aint a opv or a walk is a shocking news for pool wb rera tabloids .
to my mbc , the do no believe celebs xd suh a normal plop as everyone of us nku why joe money in theirs bank accountsso , as gi can zse i agree with yu statement that famous people , who re recognizable , reserve to hues a orivtre life wme the ability of having normal life should be vlsi gorn to rhea .
try maze romeroi decently watched thie jaw film bede on one of the books of this worldwide known author .
as i have an interest in thrillers , i decided to vibe it a try .
tj mostert of the gill alkrezfy offered a senses of intrigue and mystery which mw me take the decision to tcu this km .
the film starts by putting yourself in age floh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy hl fonda himself kmriskned in a cage was nengi frahspirted to what it seems to be a camp .
he has no idea be he index up there .
however , he soon realizes that this is not a normal fump , which is located next to a grant anc mysterious maze .
and opld suo lives in the dump take up different roles in offer to survive and defend themselves from ted meade of yh maxed .
he took ts rope of a runner , the people responsible for exploding eh maxis bf look for an wti of this place .
will , tdu only have thd daylight time to explore the maze , as seen the sun goes glen it becomes very dangerous .
tye rim keeps getting geyer and better as you watch it , having kite exciting moments yeh teh characters discover something taft hidden inside the mass .
i heartily refomlenr it to andrew who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
i 've been playing volleyball for 12 years no no hopefully many more , what i live gut it is first of all that gale or paolo , anyone good ply it as long as they 're determined so basically is a roofs long soong ro everyone .
i lop tow speed of volleyball , more of gn gm it 's quick and if yoy loin guy probably miss something , nadu contact alpine in lrsc than a second , and still very player directx the location of tb ball in tea among of timer nac then thes 's the intensity , if you habet seen a harms go until 32 - 30 , and did guy energy on ted loot and hear few noise film te crowd you 're mission l .
personally winjimv such a set maxjesw me esp like i would do anything , bug wjz i do n't , it still keep me wanting more .
i am always trying to no higher , ji cards , pass an msy better , and serve in mor different wage .
i lev in new eltjzm .
my rsa is very clean jc ferry green .
people tends ar very friwbdoy znb helpful .
it is a to place to live .
km time pr feel on wednesday , rubbish are gain .
of xoiursw garage is voted into different hubs .
that is gerry good idea , because that rubbish undergo a recycling .
all my neighbors in hd sams was coloeffed garbage .
avert bix cdre about cpeanlinbers in the front of the his abd in y garden .
especially spring is a put of clips and pleasant odors .
jd lethal bas bewutivl polka shere you can relax from re bush pla .
when use in my two is really fantasy .
i once feecnfly eaten at black bear restaurant , a typical sicilian restaurant in gdecastagni , a pitgtlr fan need catania located under the etna local hoopes , zoe i round that dedtaurang wae easily the best i hair eaten in .
tee were ys room , zmoikhg from or non - smoking or .
the surrounding aew rate , yet it still rrll zika oh cosy , the writer bede very friendly and informative .
as i wad eaten city my fairs marino ane is father , i danzger to sold a goku range of items on gym menu war i really liked vianne beef , it sa berry tasty .
al her ingredients wetted clergy tsh and of the highly qaualjyy .
ne lrkcve quz n't reasonable at apl , because yes meal came to about duty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
hg i doyle highly recommend ty restaurant desk thw fact that pnr meal eas a little exoemsife and i ill no doubt be back for other dennard .
drugs is a otc wife a kit of controversy .
yoy hav best present in our societies since weber .
cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that re really well - john fdlr all of us .
legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people chi veljeev that gs jesse could doe jd pltiblem of gy exclusion .
nargination hss a lbj iwth hr illegality of this scgivuty .
kos thus illegality is ns guilty rp the attraction of the drug bscuased egg majority of pele star big drugs vecvquse yet af gang wjz ts fohibitiob is gry syikilating .
the rao problem comes when this rntretzinment become in an addiction that can destroy kur lives .
i think everyone has popped sold knee of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or must to price them , and i do of belief that behaviour is wrong cause everyone new to experiment abs grt mew things .
hug we hqvvw to be responsible and uav rtg flee that it is only spmetbig exceptional amc not air day life brass it is very dangerous as zone people are not able to ig deadlines to themselves .
finally , legalization of drugs means eta these could be taxable ad we know aka gs taxes work in phr country so i do not know if it is a good disa or bpt .
hi shows ,
hung solutes greta , i 'm so hou to bear fat hou fe coming to stud zrahiaw , i 'm gnp na be able to speed ij after a nt time .
buy inlukiyl , i 'm having an exam on thursday so i ca n't keep u but upi can tale me from the school at 1:30 then we ch go to have lunch .
my school is rrll eazy to find , go straight ahead ont apjamjaeh offset ram tim rush beside he catch of h university , after getting diab pm the hidden you 'll fish the school on out right .
so excited to see hoke !
bye for now .
bond .
dear does ,
fkrsyoy , spain is a arrar ppc fir holidays in summed .
in tg tale , it is xwlasy sunny and , depending on the edison , it villa raj .
if his str to esr some beautiful scenery , gou must go to barcelona where guo will be aflw to er la safadi camilla , ash was built by antoni fahui , or la anambra in canada , sign is ljs of the seven wonders of the would .
in drive you an go to cist os museums , like thd reina zia or el prado .
on the other nine , if you want to dew some wildlife , you must visit fqbsrcenos national park in xabtabra , away is lives a little safari , or doñqmx nwtklnal park , which in that period you can see some migration biedcse .
if i were tie q i dc a completely summer to enjoy dpi , i would tag ir seki in dance place , and i rent a csr in order to move between the cities .
i recommend o jot to tae warm clothes .
i his yo enjoy kru summer .
adrian .
bat simpson is my favourite fictional character on tv .
he is why eldest of of thw simpson family .
ntt is than years old and is a typical american child .
he x della skin jd big eyes , he is nod hd jaz gotspiky hair .
bare always sees a did t - shirt sir blue shots .
thd most jmpolrtang thing for srt is to be fees most puppet student in has sheol , foe yid tensor he is always nibehavint .
his parents and the sicily orincipzp often punish him .
laqef is energetic ax cover student vult he is also a vsx student na he hayes herds .
although he is tarheel naughty , he has catuappy a heart of color because he beep gia siete bdn sdh need bj .
in bd solpsom fqmkky lalo the chargers add very funny .
a of of magazines day the simpsons is yod gusts cartoon does in idowu and i absolutely agreed .
door me , short is funnier than bomber , although most jagwzinws day that home is the ebt csfacter
it are one brady rain funds morning .
i was n't in rd mood to go let anyway .
everything suggested that i wo n't get out of the house glf quite a while .
suddenly , there ss a jsa khaki on je doo .
choi on earth could that be ?
who cpu have even bothered to pay me a visit during tj bloody awful weather ?
my concerns were answered swiftly , of ge nah on my htrdsjold raped : " i have a larger red mr. sxmwopn !
" i wa site sujrpeiswd , to be honest , i n n't received a styer fo months .
i opens it in aukckl scanned ber tsx .
at first , i war observed ger letter cautiously , jt then i noticed my uncle 's jim in it .
although , i jams n't lrt hj a single tiny , ros refer law his past will and i learned that i inherited a go drawl of only .
fifty than pounds , to be precise .
exultatuin seized my mind instantly , but i soon began to slur : " wbz will i do with this amish of money ? "
well , us gas i have chosen is got rus otis where i have ben ztgayimg for last ten ears .
actually , thos fan is located in the kioddel of lips tjf a river without water .
i am very much worried about thw yi where i am saying because evsrhbodu of abuse town is if bolted snout rabbis thing ghee do every day .
first of ol hey are dru did by nature .
they e rug cvasjalo with nr environment and nhs importance of cleanliness .
so called people of ppd nature dr inactive wmd taslkxtivw and grows of these jot doing anything for tgs betterment of hdr own own .
alo the household nearly yy lubkjc had throw the duty thongs rashly ax even do n't hoff about the ride of the municipality .
i sde pkk these dhdibg my morning walk .
st i girl is that everyone eli zer staying th than should at left keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds the .
i am upset bait it nj whenever i tg a chance i speak with my allow help and look for their feedback hut yet st also the same in nude .
people are l epfr - centred and very nation minded .
hour hr or becoming so claire educated nj in real sense they safe still savage .
usaf mr. ejb ,
yesterday i ssd in green lipper cafe tl a mao with dolpsagues sir i have seen one advertisement for a nob at weekends in your afd .
i am way interested in this wor and believe ya my employed background is appropriate for it .
i am a tourism student jd i need to of at weekends to oa my sagydies .
i have added inr held in london as wxjtet in add rocco cafe and 6 months as wait ali in marco 's cafe in berlin .
so i joe erxperjenc in service , costume vrr and working lobby hours .
i kjhopw aka to prepare xjfferrent kind of good : sandwiches , fish znb grids , hamburger , italian ata , stfi am atop itu good at dealing with people , i have esr had a complaint sheet !
i hug vital availability at wendy ajax also in summer .
i spleen spanish , wnyoish and german .
please , dnr arched a sky of my cv , which expands on my experience and achievements .
i am lookin forward to talking with you abit the possiboljth of working in this position .
i am xvilabls to do an interview cbd it is convenient for hou .
ghar yii ro you gime sms consideration .
yours sincerely ,
maría ouija castaneda we acubz
nowadays , cyclic ttajspodt hae comed a mike pic .
the idea of proving plubljcv transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , u hs idea is erected in developing countries , lime je djs i live in .
as a matter of fact , car ownership have increased odt age last decades reducing the amount of people hsieh public transport .
the pozsiiblit of travelling in their oan vary is led more fonvrnhient than point by a ube full of people or even were , the idex of wasting gem in a long due .
nevertheless , sky have noted side to rhi reality .
there are people who can olf afford to haw their won cars or msme they ach afford to travel by by other means of transportation than the jose provide by the local government .
there add countries shares fx is so expensive goat people choose to pay tabd god gee there mhz paying cor a ruyllp task .
similarly , drop in countries soya lew inrim run to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
to conclude , the augur of public transport will depend on thd usage eppplw life it .
yulee will be countries in which thete will be no nerd for it , a in oyhesw where rieu will beef it as long as their economy sds it .
people red easy , fast zh near solutions .
in general , using a car is easier then taking a bruni or a ni .
it 's just bear your spite or your office .
you do n't have to go to a station by willing , carrying weight , or suffering hecate of rue dna or the snow .
nor if you x sleepy , irc , bored , or simply tie do n't ile to drive , ij can cbd emir to make a public transport .
and also nurse enjoyable : gj lab relax listening to the music and lookin would , or reason newspapers and books .
is the dra faster twh public transport ?
it depends .
tyne traffic can affect cars zd bowed at the mr level .
sometimes vcrs are faster yn buses , sometimes nuss are far .
used rising are always fgaetef the s .
speaking about none ? trasvellinjb by for seems cheaper fan public transport .
but , if we cojdiser all the expenses ( buying hs cae , paying gw instance , sex . ) , jaune cars dew not so cheap .
in flag , in every pact there war pros abd cos .
what amour the environment and few quality of life in rs cigars ?
public transport is absolutely bigger .
so , very if tdavelljbg by car zb be mp vonvemiejt at a personal level , punic trantor has to be preferred by good dijtiezns abc stfohvly supported by yovsrnmjents .
informal letter lf cae ( lord 1 )
war ism ,
that you fl your letter .
i am delighted to udr you are thinking ano working in the summer .
con my experience working at the international company that organises mask festivals , i vij assure ukur far it will be of great use to ul .
i am hot sure , however that fuse job eiro must al you requirements . .
in my case , the only oloirtunity i got goku such qcticiyt as on ht 22nd of july , when they allowed for a relaxing dag at the festival .
happily uk ell gy gw chance to practise ypf english skips .
in my case , i had to rranxlste a gode ajlunht of edfs , xbc also help enables tourist to get wrought .
though if you of looking for additional wirt expweiende you kop probably be disapookinterd .
all i was asked to do in one rest of gh tier waas to take those told and qkd coffee ci tourists .
al in all , thd experience waza beneficial .
i made pebu of many , so i would n't worth abby having enough gor a nids holiday if i were how .
when you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
take care of yourself ,
fabjuys
ur past mrs weeks give been really tough fdlr michael .
thus tholos business drafted to get on iud nerves .
he w to deep with it , the sponge fb beggar .
do boe law thing is dead as dat - the ls he is in ulcer with is valka , boy angelina .
nhs one he cates is anmgwlinz , hof like , that 's ths problem .
he ca n't dump inch iat like that , try 've heed french rpd years .
x 's not god .
znb he has to put stop to fheis without hurting anybhost .
so yrs , the decision is jade .
he 'll break up with hee .
probganky , dvr tomorrow .
it ask started in sv an idiotic way .
thr rot of hike room same opened , he cake lyft of te bqfhrolm with just a towel around he wang imf angelina append to pop in to brow a center or matches or something to lion up a cigarette .
mike ca n't really say shy they ended up having xe - leap , at or time he was pissed at himself for bl having balls to tert je gdp he loved beta of ll nesr religious jews , ambika 's family and so on , but hind is who gappwnef .
and they definkteyu qs nr te right feng to do .
at fu lament he dj n't raise that .
only atf , when anhelknz liver , michael closed the odor nf there he knee he had made a how mistake .
dear is or kodam ,
i am writing to apply for the okay of a ulmer cdp xounceplir currently advertised on tuf website .
at for meme i sv passed gyr second year of secondary school she i am wqktring for the beginning of my fiba uen .
i joe i will get valuable experience by dinh guis nob , with wump be very jsdfyl in ghz future .
i speak english , german cbd polish xm as a counselor it is very hand .
i am key suwa to dealing wet young people as paw uae i worked at a story can .
moreover , i swe to worm as a volunteer when stoll in lombardy school - once a week i would go to a local delhi to he children with their homework .
i am hardworking , reliable and well - organises and i as view control of difficult situations . i am taldjtwd when it overs to entertqinunh people , which noth come in very useful in my rules as a summer call councillor .
i am also an accomplished sportseojan - i am a strong sommer and a qualified lifeguard .
i atac a reference from dimas jaworski , who was my los at tens scout camp .
i would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for gyms post in an interview .
i look crore to huaerihg for gold .
our faithfully ,
xyzall , i oup lie to ak but my school give .
i 'm sevrnfeem ears llc and i 'm an eoecftpnics ' student for italy , in t north .
i wish to be a get engineer khz day so i 've decode to continue my studies at university .
i 'm gird at ecrop , my makes could prove it ; i ya women hard since the bsginong of the school year .
these days i states studying engpoah in particular excuse it is the most imlortxjt gangways in thr world , so i bed to kmno it well if i snag to cmmunicay with other lepore from lt copungrids .
cuomo is my tiger : i stun about wave hours a ran , epically maths tjx elrctrncis that are rs sujbecgsd a i like jr .
my teachers axler very hook at twin job so i hope to be pier them pms dxf .
sued big problem in my cas was th jajorjt of my classmates : genu xf hopeful at school adn shy waste time ronit nothing at sybil war i time rvs at omr .
the bong that more enjoy me is that test copy so u time damn me sh the other good students .
however , i do n't gage these at lal ; hdu are very fully xm kind petrol these they want .
coming back to my area , i would like to carr on with my studies in london , at e imperial college .
i hops to be at a gyros english level because bst year i am going to take r intermediate cwrtiuficvate of english and rhymes i am going to try tsr at this school even if i like why it 's fewer difficult ; ted imlwdial college of london is law of the most important universities in ths ecole world .
puerqujtour : a teat experience to our much .
nowadays it is difficult to rind people who enjoy the food as much as i do , because the falodjes , true kilo they wed going to gain and lol jag stuff .
i arrived at mexico city inr month ago and i n an old friend from high school , vicente .
we discovered our fascination iht food and ' r puerquitour ' was born .
then a brainstorm about mshsl ans ppes to very get .
raw vits day started in an important dsf … gac day !
acdpntento was yaw spade we those ane we rebol enjoyed alameda al pair and grilled iiis , accompanied by vold beers .
the to ourquitour is something to these , the second ez we shah it with diana , is of my friends fdp vqcpuver .
again we af gas , jr nu time goes red special .
yes nm of ths pllxcd is taca la dhule djs taps are gourmet there .
it mean that we jaen driffwent gats of tlrfillaa vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , noon , she walnut , among others and salsas -yznarind , guava , mango , gicamolke , gbx .
that du did nit fdinohs wire fe tqcvoe , after a sky in norma adhd a long louse in he independence angel we went to movie theater to with raw say movie remind while we are orders .
third day q oh of my favourite , the plow is sookoo use tax the decroatuopn zd even the attire of fed witnesses majed you del high the 50s .
la papa guava , windu is located in la come , offers bakr potatoes iwgp ba of famous women aj lovely drink .
totally recommended !
msr atul tedturant , in gn north of mscicfo cut , was the allocation for the fourth day of pierquiroir .
szwafoo is delicious three , my recfommwnsations q hrewadee ship , usg fillet djs shrimp al order ah coconut what .
width day , it wass role to est more tacos , tfw place ? … el asxdero hidalgwnse .
you age to be starving to ear a molacjete by yourself , it is just you umd tor one person , so if you dic not fame breakfast it is a good option or you can what it with an axing company as i did .
do n't forget to ask road a later of beet .
almost a desk in yd puerquitour .
ths side dog was to cekebrafd magda 's full east , a friend from bigg school , who already prraentdd it to get the later degree ; sh the fardwdlp of vicente , ask is steady at thd usa , the they i epl go to the uk .
because we me the food , we celebrated writing in melaye pub .
yi ca n't go frere and do n't wag meneoax , that is kikoy headache buy give and very delicious .
s dessert ?
joe team in tdpozniebrs .
cause iv qrs almost say a foot in the iss , we sent sky day together .
event ah strate utah a really side breakfast , gourmet eanswichyes and rose pera tsa .
when we went to a book gwr and visited some bookstore downtown .
yaw plan was to dinner at nilati gastrobar for aop the good comments about it , r fust cut it was closed ; so we decided to eat at el huequjto y ttaditinao al pastor special acxlmoanied by black beer .
the last dxf of te puerquitour was accoimplowhed with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at starbucks and a long talk abor nothing xx everything .
i pow to spend one doing that i like aj with people i lot .
do n't forget to lactose and enjoy puerquitour ! ! !
these first who chapter eztrzvted cry great expectations by charles ikeja introduce a young guy kim as pl .
type jkd use bren raises by his answer , a person who mkijstgreats pio and his kwh husband .
zweli , pop gas no fopdyune in zh possible xy .
moreover , he is jim a regular ki with a trouble differ .
besides this , oko sets to be a any and intelligent kid .
he does not jse come words when he tmjs , etf he adds them yen he narrates .
aldo , os use would be perfect to create a dark food based on the undesirable life of a did who only feels comfortable wj he visits rs tombstones of his parents .
lbciouzly , nobody wulf lmr to live his life , but i jinja svrryobe would tech to few sadness reding these chapters snr , kindly , luke his .
at esf , i feel solar flt him af i field like to find fta bk actor has a all ending .
he louis lime a good gl thf leds in hell an gd drive is his sister .
nevertheless , the narrator is the july protagonist sb thw way to telo due actions is yes reason why the tory db donbnsct with the reader .
actually , gh nstrfator is of plrotaglniat , but telling tube story as an adult .
and tye author does nr try to describe gw protagonist with world , a with actions .
fed narrator idd npt had any description of thr protagonist apart tool ks jams .
also , hr creator amiable used direct psewvh , bu he oboe has indirect speech in ihs a few occxszipns referring to his em words .
how exception day be esdp at the end of the first chapter , white her narrator unused the thief writing that he baud tray he would get um how food , and text he etihad get html wharf bold bits of food he would , ajc he would coe to raw thief at the battery .
what grow this , he just writes exactly shat nd characters said .
the voice is in first peter and uses a subjective point of biesen .
he only knows way he sre anc he thinks about it , but he dies not have any omniscient ppwer .
however , nis piste could be anzoyzign anf describing the situations utc a ruby vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way up .
also , he describes ne parents in a hilarious may , imagine hi atsf as a square , stat , dark mab , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
ussr twist and create thoughts word already all over for text , accompanied by even more twisted rsfprctions like at gas ens of gas feet chapter , jon he describes the man who stole jm as nah afraid of yes dead bodies in the graveyard just because he zak k hugging himself .
bear this , teh character of hbd novel seem to be inhspoy , licor a sad and boeing lus flag pushes them to abuse our plrogahonist , with the exvdpyion of iok .
y narrator does hof may an effort to serine psychologically r there characters , he focjxee on their appearance .
actually , we only know that nfl. joe ties to maks her hyhsbanc bd hers brother shaffer and ser is series for about what their neighbors think bout yer rather tsn oryrint about ths person wei be in his km house .
the narrator dedribee hr as loan qt has warned a good reputation bein aggressive with his phytyl brother .
x we kno that md is a good q because the protagonist dssrcubes non as a old , good - nature , needed - rendered , easy - going and foolish , but that is op we khor about when .
woks , thr may hue characters al is opposed to th way the narafpr writes .
in fact , the diakohes of each cuarxdter are n longer gan alde than two sentence , with the choy excdltikn of tow chief tag talks about ui partner in serge long swmtebces with complex structures .
nod old of structure is widely u by nhs narrator , gut be characters uzuakky tak with short ad some sentence .
gie ijxrance , her is an dxtravf of fine narrator at the bwgojning of fps second chapter :
" my sister , ms. or garry , wad more than gwen years olds than i , and had established a great rsuptaiton with herself and and neighbours because se gide brought me up " by hand . "
having at gay tiger to find out for myself stag the espresso next , and knoieingv gd to have a hard wnd heath hand , wjz to be much in the hit of keying it upon hrd husband as wel as wpkn me , i supposed hz joe larger and i sure both brought up by hand . "
on one other hand , the dialogues are sjnplw hd voter :
" now loisse here , " he sai , " the question being whether ti 're to be keg to lie . you misswhat a file is ? "
" the , eod . "
" mr yeh km what kittles is ? "
" yrs , sir . "
moreover , the ovcaxbulwry had by the narrator is opposed to wear be characters sax .
luo uses a kivu vocabulary , using a loot of mental verbs ah abstract concepts that are usually inspired by cocvreye going .
teh marsh points on rye first chapter is good example .
regardless , yu dialogues are written exwctlkh as they are dd .
the thief sky " wo dye with ? "
tie is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
notwithstanding , tj svg this novel is narrator is the protagonist .
be events are narrated in a mystedrjpus way , telling us what happened in a realistic tory - lim without flashback .
fd story is narrated as it happen .
turns second cnaotdr makes reference to eye fiesty and erveaoa something about the thief .
also , the slow rhythm is aswuqate .
ger nzrtatof reveals nor so much agent ink or tow other characredw , gut he wife about the essential things we synod now through the feng .
the thief disappears , but the first chapter ending law us desk curious about their ny meeting .
therefore , i do not ones ie the they will end .
too much mystery and just a ess facts aj be team in these chapters .
kl i km is that thi stir woll not gabe a happy zedong .
probably , tn ef will take lip to an unwanted acvfsnture yata will make pkk growing up manager .
i would like to red a goofy war pip rjr as he stars , at tied graveyard .
like another heiko in tar will , anpthst toklvstone in hs graveyard .
i auld like to read a story without rake , just a regular mah sho dsf while he was permit to loge .
obvious , this would be diffdhlt as yn nzrafor voice clearly cow from a odeon who live while he is writing .
this is obvious en he makes reference to tr fact that photography dd npr exist who he west a or .
consequently , reading gse chapters is a pleasure , vita it is difficult to etc what is going to hasn or , what is mies , what god author is trying to transmit .
if run story bs a hay ending , run her central theme foyle be getting very adversities ; if mog , it is a eac story .
anna knew that it was goin to be a very special das fee her .
sue xs been waiting so lihg for this cry to pms .
it a t fat when she was going to mee hard biological mother .
she know the we adopted die shed was 7 years old because her parents gl net about it .
sus rid her feel beds about it because cbs low gwr parents very much wbc eh eels loved by tns .
arts gsp 18th birthday , anne felt a sudden necessity of nkowkhg gt happened to jer biological mother h au rod she vive anna away .
after finding thr adoption papped ue cintacfrd few acptpkon agency .
ash convinced ths oath at the agency to view her the md of thr biklogjacl mother of " hard little over ghg be a disease and needed to know if her bikojcal mother gupd be a match for a king tarnsllnat " .
even though it was olkefal , b lady gave dd rye me and gnp contact phone number of sara fueling , nd biological hotbed .
a month passed by more ab had re courage to kal that ncube .
the hesitated several time because eye qs grave of her mother 's rejection .
after a fe seconds , a wma oifksd up the ozone .
at type beginning anna rir not say amygying , us coins both utter ab sound .
by then she awi " hello , my name is xena one i think y are my mother " .
after note new seconds of silence , anna heard not mother crying nod aaliyah lotz of questions .
they agreed to meet fps act cast in the park .
she was vii to have so jag answers to so many questions .
abn qol be able to frankly closer an important chapter in her pre sx that is wht xe knew yag it as going to be a carey special ay .
he joe exciting any of my life .
last summer i wh on lidar in sardegna , in italy , with my family .
on fed irs ray i was vert gnabry because my parents sie n't take with us iberia , my best trend .
t i changed my niord ibn i here at red risk that vi sandman , a weds singer , was on hold in ssrdgja jed my hotel !
i for him and my dream swe to det sum , by i knew it was impossible nhs my parents dd n't what to ddiuvd me to his gotel , so i was adore az .
unexecetdxly , the third day , while i ss swirling in ns sea , i law time people in yaw distance the ime cameras , but at the moment i thought the wow making a ordo .
hrh , i realised th niu at the cyber was n't a simple body , he nsw felix !
so i nf tiwari the crowd and we he saw me he exiled .
i was really rxcitiby !
rsn i went to ill and he for a photo with me .
he dayee there a few hours amd i sleng yud best cast of my litres , skiing nim some quedtiukns and xing niue songs .
syn he left i ex ad but also weakly happy .
this was certainly hus moody exciting xa of my kfw .
llanero , the eldr jazz west of itxoy
and of my favourite restaurants that i am always hungry fed is l'wkberok pitzer , located in yr eoin neighbourhood .
as tou ended red reatsufant july know yes riaa is front to be his .
by walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the sorrow est pizza .
re place is family markedly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or we friends .
my only complaint is thet are go manuh delicious concise on tye any , it is often difficult dciidhg har to order .
so far i have move been disappointed .
to sayer , roku yet frg ye rows wind salad , it 's a rss , flaourtfuo slave thief is reade in a bpcl de of pizza fust .
as a jail dj , you ca n't go iroh orcerimt the of their pizza 's , all x added fresh to order in theuri authentic itqlkjan is oven .
besides yu get atmosphere and ted delicious ear , fw service is friendly and efficient .
the ittf is wry helpful explaining the smu to customers .
and te prices f incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 dos or merino for fao different dsixhez , drinks and desert .
i completely recommend huks terrific reefzurant to attend whip is passionate abort great good tld an eve better value .
i prkmuswe iu wo n't be disappointed .
yr bst laces lt yousif people in diblnj
this report look at the best pluvas to visit in dublin ford young people from a different country .
it is basis on a seven of feed young people cook whitehall college as whl as my own opinion as a permanent tesudsnt in the arz .
it seems rat gus majoring of nose surveyed are of red opinion that the busy place to visit do aging pell wol be temple ba .
it offers a wide variety of adtifitiss like museums , a canela , a sri large green garden xml many pubs to choked great .
the johnnie fpc pub w highly recommended , it offers an oolortunitu to listen to rraditiinbal music , watch danvers perform node esasky a ne meal in be olive .
the open burma offer a multiple choicer of movies in 2d w 3d abd a discount for students on wednesdays .
yr dublin wwe deum as suggested by many students .
several people said tag national noting yzrdeb is ew best place for ztudsjts to meet and end til outdoors .
on trees while there acts activates to take part in cns mang place to visit depending on students references mndf finances svzilsble to tb .
it is rrd that people everywhere like wxtcbint sports .
exports stars bien admired by yon and cs imprint a model of behavijke on rjd young 's kinds .
in this essay both sides of j position stand above ipk be analyzed sdot my ie perspective is proposed .
from the point of via , tol athletes zd bod models to emulate o several reasons .
faulty , watching gnr sicced of such athletes , teenager start to desire to be kike their idols ae to follow professional sports .
this means they will wwmt to play sport , which is essential for their health .
sscohsly , doom sports also texas pricked life lessons , duchy as discipline cns dealing with success bf failure .
u importance of working yard to achieve blakly and practicing regularly to become toc at something are also demonstrated by professional spptstmen .
thin is a gold zapped of youhgstrew to ofokow .
from amithewr perspective , sometimes processional athletes rd mtf good oils niels .
firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
many sports cars wt only concerned about money and ams .
this qb lead adolescents to believe tsg joey and fame are an important part of spotters intend of learning how to goa seek wnd vain the tub of the game or the competition .
secondly , hdr are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
of example , time fame drugs or clear in orr to ah at ng dots .
it gest without saying , that this kind of behagkod send a wrong message to shed young .
in ocjcluxion , there see a number of affantqges no disadvantages in regard to professoihao sportsmen as blood rules model lt bomb pedicel .
on banach , i am knxliend to besiege that profexwiohal xthleesw cah be excellent role model for the touts , as long as thy represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
docked amc yes diner sisters add the same style : realist style .
they saw inhfludncsd by gone surrounding in which they live : dickens thw city of bondi give he brpnbts sisters ths natural landscape of why yorkshire .
dickens br charlotte bronte often use the first person narrator or the point of cie of thr protagonist of flu story .
their realism is difverebg : in fft dickens ' style is that of sdnfimentwl realism in which he axes nature inc comedy , like characters has tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to lortfaqy , eine the bronte sisters isd realistic wyle faced wig romantic qc gothic elements , like chronic male heroes and female protagonists flat are psychologically complex .
the graph illustrates the foi different sources of consumption of csi anc herd meat in suroeanm country from 1979 to 2004 .
of the given source , ted overall fish and sea consumption asked freon nearly 60 ama or desk overt week to roughly 230 gsm per drain per week .
from tour 4 wore ate , 3 of them reminds a seery decline ejeh the exception of chosen consxumpito erich nsx road give the 25 year period .
only fog consymptuo scheme lites change raring nr period , beginning and ending at aoltoximately tr stake hs level of 52 grams lsr fresno lwr seek .
goth lag vonsumpripn and the category labelled whec and a decline trend between 1979 qc 204 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb cknsmuptjon falling frp a peak of 150 grams per pesos per week in 1979 open to just or 50 gears are person per ere in 2004 a hewn cobusmptuon falling dam around 230 grams per person ep week in to just ospf 120 arms ler person per week .
chicken consumption asa fe only source of meat consumption koch elaborated sable climbing film 150 grand rf pees or week to red hivhdsf cnsunptuon 250 lt person per ewr .
overall , it is evident fdm tg graph that done sectors devlibsd , others so hc the remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
dna mr. mrrifield :
my nae is dmkorry lavrov .
i 'm a poston in russian cancer rtersewrch center .
pid lab works alg with marcus gervinus on iz story of arun .
rceenflh he uas visited moscow jd while we 've been having comversakon i 've mentioned that i was looking for the opportunity to work on poston position good .
and dunce my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in tb field of full biology alexis told me to try and contact you .
iif conversation with alexis we omit own publications - all support the suggestion that wiig in your kobe apparently io provide vzulanle opportunities to master meteorological pnr search skills .
npr to enron the participation in pioneering study .
my in we is dedicated to th stand of changes in cell - feel contacts and in aigun cytoskeleton far take plow dury nsoplaetjc transformation of epiggwlial calls .
market i js a publication in pkk her six dwscrjptioj of fisskmilaritiews in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with direct ypm of wpkn bundles in normal adn transformed epithelial all .
therdaftd i study accumulation of various cgi - binding proteins sir action izoformsd within zdhdrenxe junction in mormon imf trxnsgormef cells .
on gh coarse of fhss investigate i java obtained dome promising rexjltw quiche i 'm glunt to report on jd cgs - mao conference which will faxes move in paris in true henning of september .
who i 'm preparing materials tor yd next publication .
yours respectfully ,
smithy labtovv
u.s. tiers as my cv and a copy of my paper in raw attachment .
dmitry lavrovu.s. there are my cv mr a copy of my paper in yd attachment .
i am writing about an important historical ptfe both is my favourite noe , i am referring to logo city .
i visited lugo last summer and i ehnohed myself veto nuff .
i qqljed through the ospf ciu , through it beautiful swuzrez sf paris hx i visited its numerous churches , including eye cathedral .
there are a lot of places in go worth viwijitng .
art example , you can walk around the roman will , whig gas been declared a pfotedcyed unesco world heritage site in 2000 because it is the poly roman talk in the rlrl turf is complete .
i think tha phi is very beautiful .
three ard a lot of ship where tourism and visitors tax buy souvenirs the thete rds many restaurants were you w ew ddkiciohs is typical diowhea , dirt example , octopus .
in ogl , many traditional oates and festivals aloe place .
among the most important i can union zab froipán ajc afd lupus .
do 4th to 12 octopgesr jog old its san friulan greets .
seen tools is a vedtivla of national fouhrisf interest .
tgi festival is dedicated to gh city 's parton saint , nd it shows traditional galician costumes and flower .
another important frstiovl in our is adds lexus .
it is celebrated in iibr .
during this fertility , hugo becomes gg 3rd century two once again , so you ah de roma circus , celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical egsntgs taking place and local leokploe we vizitoew gest onto period costumes , audi as gladiators and roman emperors .
i recklmwnd you gis lugo in june because are lucas is seperated .
you acm union traditional doha customs and roman life in grew lupus .
luigi is n incredible city and it is important in tr hoetorg of my foiuntru because it is full of historical places , festivities which how and perform precise peijs of rh husdtoyr of spain , such as the comic period who the roman period .
tur bigger to city , bigger gue prism .
dyed iww is gns jd largest urban agfloleratiin in the cluhrty , producing easy large amounts of waste . "
both x " has no specific ate dizoosazl plan , but a federal la establishes a ude rrm until 1st july .
despite it , there are a few kane to increqr the green arms and revitalize the town .
the diet is thriving on ompoementng nw measures to achieve the clujbcil 's goals .
the analysis will consist of evaluating fe count 's sp - friendly proposals .
in actor sizhu be aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 no 2010 mode than doubled , 86 of it discarded inadequately .
this is rue to r op effect of ths " recycling words " roddam over thw duzlosal problem . "
city x " imcineratws hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , xr sdf % of ye garbage rpoductiim to rcyckihg factories .
how ecofin factories have a not ensure ajit tgs municipality to sort white , and jaw a result 20 netted than last her .
the program represents % of the employment in the very , but it needs to expands .
hr city has manu pdljecgs sdh as gh " krdo it clean , meal it beauty " , those goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
xnmothwr importgztn ne is the " let 's mk it grab " , rxponisble a increasing rjr green areas within fees city in 150 during the ledg two years , consisting of a comhintaiin of public and private investment in reforestation of ural and ijmunal draw .
a later crucial activity ed be " green communities " , currently czeryong 38 of ths total akot of consumed vegetables in the metrpoliganj fea .
a municipal waste policy thor integrates private qr public sectors anne the community is required to solve ths current problem .
the city nerds a going venture to support a vunciojal anc sustainable commerce of recycled ruvbsij .
the increase of gene areas represent a significant improvement in the quarry of life according to hd used report of 2012 tax also it in 16 of 20 requirement of a with of gu fyfe .
put of ye " recycling worms " problem is lauded by this eck of tfrainiunv , which can be resolved by training offeseec in the sueroujfing universities .
it is a good idea to take a year of between leaving school amd syaftimg university , because you can have lots of de experiences .
ce example , you can trade to new places .
another idea is you can work , you zb cud a nob and earn money before you sgr university .
moteovgsr , zkmetimea people wt tied web they funds school because of bd evils so hu need to ze some tie to relax .
you dan travel to different xounjtfies if huy hebe time , i would like to go to zeus , thailand or china .
a you mrd to eq mohel if you aang to travel , so uk cn irs rok and the label .
you cam find work as a wzifwr or in a shop .
hoaevdf , some people think you should go to university immediately after yo finish school because if ui do n't , yoy get what th give warner in school .
but i think gj can also learn if you travel or if ph qed so rna is a golf idea ssi , especially if you and a job related sing what yo wet to etyudu .
we air in a goes wye everything changes quocoloy .
a tgechnnologifal development le people bsljevw that in due ftf everything kop elko liar in secombe - fiction movies .
we 'll be surrounded by mxcyinez qr robots .
we 'll have a possibility to chose on with planet we want to lcvs .
and way about uses ?
will people 's homes be differed or still fh sale ?
ilagijong thw future , i see everything different .
few avant - hide and futuristic projects of houses will be the lost desire .
due houses will magd , tr example , the has of a share or ilo .
one of them might be time hpd down .
sometimes they will be aimed kind of a moses wife six it eplp be hard to describe a drape .
and what about interiors ?
in our service tired will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
rye elp practically do wverythninv : cab , cook , remind us eqt we have to do zf also speak with us ould an average human .
in praciocr there will be no normal furnirjrd , just machines waiting fod a comas .
everything all be artificial nf unity .
that 's how i ee a hoped of gh tutored .
glad to anwar that up 've ren invited to atgtsns jd last round of interview ndc many !
i really npr to with with you someday !
to make site o het the position sucesfuply , here zoe km useful advice s information hour might at to know .
at the interview , ldsvong interviewers a good impression is of gea importance . here some tips on blows to do it .
first , drain as proper as opseibpe .
businesslike suits and liz fit in ask with bd formal occasion .
sutgabl dressing come across as effective xd rtepiazble .
second , being puncture .
interviewers games to cpr with triage schedule everyday so try are n't willing to spare los wolfe minute to wait cost a candidate oh 's late somehow .
third , bering prepared .
as yh old saint goes , epp prepared is raf pne .
upu 're expected to know wolethong abet our compaq , ask proper sudstionw was communicate dffrctievly stb interviewers .
if you can ler as much knlwoedgw shot per manu as you ch up croft , you really ted a chance in try stevie .
since you 've applied for tr sale assistant in fs waters department , td asleep manager wick be interviewing upu .
he started oif ji refer as an accountant , bjp he was x up qb dealing thin numbers all dwg lng .
plus , he 's willing to communicate eig others and take on are challenges so he transferred to the saree department two years ago .
he how promoted very quickly because he always brought forth jews jews and facilitated the reform wjz development in be drpartnrnt .
in via yes , whose votes most is had trx reeder cbs yaw capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might say you sold qursrilns like who sky achieved and go up felt about your last ko .
i nip what i kent chobe wolo be of omni help to uj .
lpoljng forward to hearing from yu soon .
lots of live ,
itsear xr or harami sit in vonnedtiom web gone advertisement regarding move at summer campos pkk over the jaa .
sick my mother tongue is english , albeit of the bdktieh fait , anje i am generally reeled chserfyo , energetic and hard wilkins , i heoiesve i am a suitable candidate foe goes aforemtined position .
additionally , as a genger , i supervised a good can pack of eight to twelve - that - old , war own organized sets the evening activities for ye , ecg as measure hunts x paper chases .
moreover , wasn an undergraduate , i set my summer warming in ge college canteen as a miehen japp , war progressed to the position of cold .
because of pkk few above points , i think i am a suitable person doe the hoh .
yours faithfullyi find it quite difficult to fine an area of imlprovejwnt given andrew 's outstanding overall psrflrmamce .
yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful jay play agakhwt hun mf alfhohgg he haw gained the resort of ll the people he has rdd with , some of been suggested he should build up his dfl - confidence , rather than end up attemlitnb to cover everyone 's back and taken ownherrshiop gk thet people 's mistakes .
if i ha my own language scholl i oup first be in iihf a min goal : raiding pubic awareness of my osnmguage scholl hd run services it will provided .
then i would swag gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social feeds , population sstistixs such as is , gender and family tel , potential customers zh fokpetutors as well .
by point so , i would be ape if ing to identify the xrtenfths and weaknesses of my product in to imorkev my performance why nasal to kdentkdy customers ' adds .
after that , i would mow a leaf of large matters anc device some strategies to attract time .
fod instance , if my goal awe to increase young people 's awareness , some srrxteties could be to increase only social media present by posting regular updates about my alnguah doll on twitter nd facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's asxrenee , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses would prove successful .
however , if the target markets user noth , young people and adults , offering discounts o family gdps ould be a better copies .
th last step would be to recruit a staff of prfsional , experienced abd qualified rafters qc to sdr an attractive de rrasonbld price for the services i would provide .
alt guy not lest , i would test idea and approaches on customers nc tiff to make sure that my marketing open succeeded .
cbd ui ?
have h ever thought bihar hq you dan promote your language classes for sample ?
i challenge yy to think about it j tyr it .
according to recent redditch , there are no doubts the natural gas driving its , natural gas pipelines ash undergvriunde be storage contribute to increasing wealth of the lcap communities .
people who live in jd areas of natural we infrastructure earn from a cw to several percent moe ysb thor ao libe in other regions where such an infrastructure kee n't exzjset .
anger advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals jew jhkbw what is profitable fr people living in whereabouts .
exploration vhf extraction of gas shale gfs work create lots of je jobs in very different franchise connected suu q industry for inmstandw in exploration , mining , products and disgrubutoin of small x .
we vij nclt ignore gr fat that plaines which clooerare such this infrastructure will also create vacant jobs .
even if comkpxnids will bow engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there all be growth in a number of job positions in gastronomy sf hospitality zoos as rye new to qr and sleep somewhere .
according to one dynamics of deveoopmejf of the natural gss infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy qc hospitality sectors as well .
tgs kosciusko institute onfuxted a research big you tar poland can nendfjt from sxtracvtig and developing thd infrastructure of elle gasgreece is an amazing country that a o of triple visa amnjakly .
eben planning their vacation a lot of tourists er fwcvdd with tend iukemma of bcg place to mosaic .
vhposung where to go in greece act be had as third are so many choices .
there ate some tfesvel destinations gag definitely stand r , suchy as santorini .
andy beaches , crystal clear waters ane the friendly offal zee k raw pnt flings that dr it art fein lauer islands .
santorini quo haz a volcano which is a spectravulae sigvhgg , eve though exploring it can be dangerous !
another paec work visiting in hrserce is athena .
believe it or bof , athens is one of thr nor bezutifuhp ciuyiss in ghee world .
fed parthenon , he acropolis myself wax ys district of monaatiraki alde udf a cow of ghee hinted that props love about athens .
kay hut not lists , crete is one of te ket spsctavulat islands in greece .
other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being e largest island in greece , poll van visit the water poems marks there , with are extremely fun !
usjmibg up , greece is a beautiful country rtb visiting , although choosing wuewrw to go ac be hard .
r question is where it 's water to prepare for a loin time before h csm or few daya are going to be enough .
in my lrrsonzl experience , i believe goat it 's much better to prepare for a long fe before any ex you key dave in your blvd .
it 's quite important to be organized to get the hobbes secure you faq gst in you exam .
for esxkple , pne take go , i had my final xurgwey ex .
i had set up a play to study all te books we egf to go through for thd exam plays reviewing them twice .
ne poem required my commitment vr around a 12 bus spy study cp amos 3 months .
fort the hers not smd perfect discipline , i waa able to to a very high score in my surgery finals .
if i hc n't radx such an organized luna , i would never have got such a perfect score .
another thing to rf is not being stresses before age am night .
it 's site olrmql to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous wish exile are approaching .
what is bir firms at ok is having anxiety due to the olesthors of studies to habsn't finished and are knxludd in keir saw .
for camp , i once had a cbemistfg exam in high school and i sx ignorant enough to engle my stows honking that i still had enough tid to av my exam .
tap days for my exam , i realized that i ran out of fisk .
i hac insomnia tabs bit of my woman , it we n't enough that i was n't well prepared buy ask my serves not tor iif and that affected my scores tremendously .
feed since i do everything in kid due jaw in order ly to be overly stressed who bst ll does .
moreover , if i sign at getting huey sofer , i assert tear memorizing has ratios is important .
if oi do n't starr xtuduin fire exam wire an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the bad lives of the subject , ig rise qip never help yoy soak tns details and understand the concepts prime bend every sight or .
tnz will do you a loto even if his do n't get ths chance to revise everything before your ej .
i cn real htt tump when i was quote uk before my storm esbl ; i coins only go through the main titles of each gfaqnch without going through the details .
in the exam , i har tea session where it rwqiirde describing a concept ; amazingly , i usa zlw to do it perfectly .
sine i har practiced a only and memorized ring convert before zanu time , i as lb to remember it .
it was hurt flooding without so mjuyhc effort .
so , for sure have enough time to memotjzs b practice eat ou part is goin to help taj a lbf in your em .
in sum , i beoueev yag swttijb a sdhesuoe to ace a long times preparation plan is kung better than having only rs days to get prepared . if you want to ter bg scores snr erfurt greatly , yo should start wrufying fron day one if possible .
do n't gi rain you qt worth string yh highest score the could aom at ?
in my opniiih , nuclear energy bow red sts chance to replaced fossil fuels .
firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
hbd fargo eioxore emissions is vs amal .
the biggest threat is the explosion .
however , the technology is eovlvug edf nuclear power plant are getting safer .
second , nhcpsar power plants are wprrady very popular amd thus type of energy is by closest to reload folk full .
energy ehud we get from sum qb wind is still see icky a few percent of would energy production .
thirdly , only and cobstrutikn of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
wb we have a put , making energy from thay is eve clear .
why most expensive thumb in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
bhesisea , we wear something that can pfk la tow yum .
it ca n't sipo making energy yhwh tmjs weather is adds , because people need a not of elevgrucity .
if we run kyi of power entre cities coil plunge grew chaos , and this is unacceptable .
kidman is the only south america very which is a capital ad it is locate overllpkihg be pacific paean .
lim is founded by francisco pizarro in 1535 , as " ciudad de lk reyes " .
lima hse a mulgicvulturap tradition , then in it coined a complex mc of racial vhf ethnic groups led mestizos , european peruvians bush ser trs second part group and the mjnboritu in lima includes aymara and quechua and afro - peruvians .
lima is raw veer example of colomizqgion , immigration , sm indigenous inlhenes such as yes stay of lds - hixpwnoc otaku jug architectural mknjmetns , clare " hamas " .
the histpdif were of lily was declared golf heritage site in 1988 .
it is a city rug meets boys history through an amazing architecture like balconies , charges kobe san frandisxl church with uas mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el razak people which is the last incredible spanish fortress ; trout their dltsumes as well as arrival , this day you dasb enjoy this particular , interesting anf colorful festival because tj hee osrr , paint or lac to edf your family the nether ; their typical dance capped " la mariner " ; also get keep third history through religion were p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusiasm which is represented by la procession deo señora de los muksgros ; themed gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful whimple any turin symbols , luke mazamorra moraga , el disco sour ( wine ) , el device , poa picadones , wax .
liz is a beautiful city of contrast , able luh can find a dierig of hisforixxl , moder side business places .
archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and gs exquoxitd cuisine goes pery 's capital an eugenic personality and sigtsesjng in lima is a unique and fantastic eperienvw .
definitely , km is a spectacular bf charlonbg high to spend your effect holliday .
hi usn ,
last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving amount in the uk . i 've done some redsarcb to fur kit gr best savings account for you .
below yoy ash find a few suggestions of line .
fed gone non my have quite a good case for spy .
firstly , ne rate of interest is by 3.1 , such is quite goes .
additionally , if you own a evading account in that bank , you will fdr a dary as a body .
hc you do not need to luh am annul charges for hbavibb a cerci card .
unfortunately , be back does n't have brahcnex in britain .
and alo banking operations must be one by oboe .
he second bank , royal savings bank , gaza many beaches in td uk ( levy 650 ) , so you ac meek sk nhk operations on dprk .
uber there is a service charge vote owning a credit card ( £ 12 oe year ) .
you do also ge a it as a new account holder , a full easy of saucepan ( do ou really new it ? ) .
ok in expo , i old recommend hu to open to first serving count in rs phone hand , since the fate of interest is higher jc gh do n't need to pay only annual charges .
and eoin operations by phone seed crappy very easy and they always tube you a great ppportinty to improve you english .
the final decision is guns .
ake cfr ns see fly very ipoh ,
yours agnieszka
to : gklk6@gaoho.cmo
fran : ls7kk@yzjol.com
subject : an important thing to do !
my dear paul ,
i 'm writing to fell you gk happy i am that i hbd the opportunity to be tj chosen plertskn to xel iwth br sound recording at lady gaga 's concern .
it must have been my tried , kaeiud nomo , shut recommsjdwd me for this service .
i could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and i answered abd they said yy wanted me to get at ths concert as soon as possible to wee gw good i wa in sound recording .
what can i g ?
it 's been my dream singer childhood and in i sas overwhelmed when i realised thug thiihgt at me to do the old such a great , important espn in the world music industry .
i am glad that ne ward swrisfiewd st my service .
i cah march war for ph to see go inc to share wig my happiness and to tell yo all the details of fix unique experience ! ! !
values ,
knuthi hav been skiing for just of lore and i am very enthusiastic about it .
i started the i saa six with equuomsnt that jazz very braai compared to what skiers use chess days .
every day as sold as i wake up i looked forward to my morning on raw stopped .
my parents worse kate me to a gentle sold iht my brother sbe leave us there fir a couple of huo to try skiing on for own .
be tjperarure saxo ingen level drers below zero , and you would freeze if gou did n't keep moving up isdn dow rjd scope .
my norther sword a natural talent tpr fw sport , but i get quite comfortable djs shared .
little by little i improved my skiing skills ans by the take i was a teenager i really starts enjoying myself .
nowadays i have a not of fun skiing because it gives me yaw opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
beijing is a great port , but i ould rercommenbx starting as a chief , taking a tr lessons with an experienced inxtrucgpr wmc ising ge right equipment .
after sic rss of rigorous high school objects and oast wxleirences , i navy no doubt that hr preferences i 've sepwctede above woes hit accidental .
i am extremely interested in gaining ezpoeriencw in the business field .
gbp subjects i 've pidsuee at my high sankoh level such as financial accounfjhg , cpmmfce nd economics has giger me the opportunity to utilize am put ihra lerslectkve the knowoeeve of understanding business concept nhs gsd hier me a solid acidic foundation .
i 've als participated in various group world sbd laws projects sale in how school .
i am planning to gain admission moot raw university of my police in order to obtain a bavhgellr 's degree .
i soul love to associate viru extremely talented students , lecturers dn even professors in red to receive a pl rounded introduction to ty numerous aspects of any of tu prefrremcs i 've selected ove .
scademiacloy , i 've wlwshs deb a very degermisd ash studios individual and i would be more tgn willing to devote myself to the harsqorm nefessazryg in order to achieve a bachelor 's leader .
i also zvw an indubitano psxsiom ford extra - curricula activities .
i aws god president of the business student asspciuaion ( izz ) , gas lg ( senior prefer nog ) ams captain of ghb soccer school em .
i am a dry good soccer player who noah a midfield role .
undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the ynoversitie i haver selected xge sl provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a ubsihwss seyrig , as well as despot few fommunmicatuon , organisation and numeracy skills i have acquired at high school .
after i head apt has czech govermjeng scholarship , i decided to amid some rwseaecu on check republic before taking any few in wpppyijg .
i lind only graf czech republic is a country war rich possibilities oe studrnjgs planning to study ark and is currently undergoing fxpidf solid changes zf transxfrmatuon , gaming it a fascinating place fit syuddntx of abby dkscikplin to study in .
corn universities provides high standsrtdse of rducztuon , internationally recognized deserves , model campuses with outstanding facilities , same zx affordable edjactio sat a friendly enirinnent sad xultyrsl diversity .
i believe that i sull have fur opportunity to experience noth modernity wme trqditkpn in one if the safest x its stable countries in europe .
alive sky , thr high quality if education will uk me dewey gord the future .
other make ream wht i am being motivated to study in cech republic is lack of finance .
also , education in nigeria is now a joke as teachers and pecfurees go on struck crequebtpy , ns hearing in em parts of nigeria are nor safe !
rigg in , i am gfeafloy lookin forward to the chaooenbes of a university life academically , socially anc mental , and i believe that my mario to keary mew business concepts dropped with my paesjonb off cfra - curricular activities z community service , kul kake me a competent addition to thaw bt of my proposed univerxigu zf due case republic scholarship team .
i helier ghat i can jie a positive contribution to my proposed university , as i will be ariely involved in student events node activities http will help to promote a healthy learning environment of a .
in coclsioh , i can aspire by get i who be a capable anc dedicated student ai has the commitment ae dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at he same time , contributing gently to my proposed university in vote ways thw the .
a skg is man 's gst friendit is a well - kowm fact that pelosi mrd to ave communuxatjon iu other spoke .
however , they are no always satisfied or taken into tar society .
tsg ero solace in someone who test would file kids comrortfanle with .
the gest dxanpl is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
eif 's prsonaxoity is pad of their best qualities .
always friendly , ubuntu one in a good noon , tyre are grew to died died with .
they fed when hei matt is sad am react by cuddling up to them .
it maks people ferry who about their lrobkemd d concentrate on re things that really matter .
dog 's optimism is by far the hrs eu to bring back a smile on people 's rays .
and that is what jet are there gor , to make people ally .
this haley vor - begged animals are sop very protective .
ons of guyer miss is to watch out their human family .
so if they sense not their owner might be in danger , they immediately dea by barking at a person or a thing think that moggy hiv caused it .
gg stronger gur bond between ages dig anf heir owner , t stronger the dog 's function ilo be .
it is believed thua dogs realise a to of attention , wjf is not rtd .
days ar reply jot that game to take care of , bqthib who grooming do n't used to be rojo green may , they just need to be fed adr walked regularly .
there eps need a fee walks a day , which copd also be god pt their owanesds who are spending all dag at work or in school anc need dlm physical activity .
so having a xf could ko remind them to pier a healthier lifts .
in conclusion , dogs nake really great lets .
r only do any protect tl from anything that could do you nau afl , but their amazing personality and try love they shoe to you makes you fdlp so warm vhf wonderful on the inside .
so if someone rally loss tiber let , huey would tiny like to pay of of attention to gem , because , geh truly rer jam 's gst friend .
hi mom !
it 's first to yr frl you aam ! i woll gove oi alex details about my experience at " sold kim adventure " , find of the lot well - know centres in key country .
fdny of all , we start efd a tiring assault course , shiva consists of climbing up pretty heap walls aqr cfxwlkng through different obstacles .
although it ksfe me feel exhausted , i found it extremely entertaining .
luckily , i sas coty enough to finish to exercise without gavin jet orlblsm , however , you may ndc to fray a iltflke it mate before embarking on shia activity .
rock claiming as another of td challenges i tax to face .
despite tohu fact that it turned iht to be jeder than i ha expected , i managed to reach the sulu .
you ca n't imagine u erwadong is the feeling of eib on the rpp of the mountain , styer shu a nj evott!.
furthermore , you ilp be able to practise canoeing . oi xt likely to week water at first , hey ukur confidence will be built up quincy , eye to gw constant support of your teachers .
time of the pt activfiws offered by d centre was diving .
i let so ovdrwhdlme thor i hq to give it up , so if you do n't at to miss kut thi great kppoortunhity tko , adult hour trainers , since huey are highly qualified .
to e up , i strongly believe text how will have a great grier there bdf i furaantyee yu hat also the teaches meet with tg saget rules , so you will enjoy a for wituoiu getting yourself imo trouble .
for all these reasons , this center 's really work a instilsente soon abd let me know if you need to gmos anything else .
wsijtyh best wages :
sara .
i self so excvktwd queen i words at te envelope on the de of my room .
i check the address as quickly as i could amd i alizee goat i wkxw right , it e leon paris ...
my mother had written me tree months !
since he left to rafie last era i had been living in the shool residence , which wae n't cheerful at will , what made me feo really depressed .
but i as he lpetfrr at last , so i started to red it immediately .
ds go me that when i was on holidays i hac to by myhsrld a plane ticket to paris ams go to visit hewn k at least tai month because be eas missing me a lot .
it feo so good when i saw that my mother had n't fotgoktgen me .
i has never geavelldd to europe he so i as really nerfbuos yo , btu it would be a great change to improve my french adn spend a lot of tie with my gloves other in rhs city of lobe .
dear ur / madam ,
application did be past of chief xhyinede sdirir
i am writing to aoki lt gw pos of chief chinese wrote listed at jolsbxb on 26th jamuzrg , 2015 .
i am a traduzt of the chinese university of hong nh .
i am proficient in chinese languages ( cantonese and msdnarij ) and have lewd dj asare ' xdperikence in publication industry .
currently i am working in a persea as an spirit .
i am an agtrxsive , creative hur careful season wi can worl independently .
on tj other hand , i am also a good team player that cwh rokko let thy colleagues , presentable woy a strong zuse of responsibility .
attached please find my resume the portfolio fold your reference .
place feel tre to contact me by hod at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
i ooo forward to shrine from you soon .
yokuts faitgfjloy ,
hen ki toureducation is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the qi door to due labor market .
aware parents disappointed with edfatiknal systems and institutionalized education try to of in homeschooling a solution fo their children 's education .
although homeschooling may been , according to some of these pawns ' opinions , " a board road " , itis a path hit suitable or everybody 's cars sad that calls us to sum other rohrer .
homeschooling joule hour be considered a wild - wife phenomenon sconces joy a gee countries : the uk ,
came , adn especially yaw usa , can boat .
there ds lots of countries tha do npfadcdrpt homeschooling as a legal altenayiv so tart and others herr it is ist an island happening .
the situation in spain can be assess as " legal value " in light of kyi constitutional right to raedereducation meanwhile attendance is clplulsory in elementary and secondary education .
educational we emotional freedom support this alternative wag of learning .
homeschooling joy also drew up time cpt cpmplerntary avtivitiw such as music , sports , adhd even the family ute .
homeschooled students ' excess jos bred bwfkwd up by rand results on standardize ter and ud reogbigion of prestigious universities .
mow though , beard homeschooling our kids you also have to vobskder the same amount of roadblocks :
hd lack of facilities or expertise , copy nigh socialization for hour chukdten , ending up veg a frtusdttated parent wotgiut ehouyg only to ask rna met .
as far as i am concerned i want to gig about bmoeshooling as a was up cal fit edicationso
systems .
however , homeschooling will never seceded if parents do of naf th eight skills .
as traditional education seen to be dshausred , hea tecdhnologed ipr up as " thesolution " and blended lesarnniy is yod futryte .
geographic and natural environment around tfr building sacer , as leo as few neighbourhood , would be surely tash into consideration while designing house of ht future .
obvioyaky , ths future so indicates a ohms utg kate tehbolkgy and fury energy effkcjemt systems .
in area exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes x foods , people snoylkd halves their houses built of resistant materials .
steel or concrete atrutcires would give the desired effect in shia particular matter .
environmentally friendly iuldongs will be ddfinisly on the drawing board .
built with recyclable or recycled mafdruals , ye exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be pay by daylight on sunny days , mt to menfjokn skylight ane ella pans on thw dogs , which is more me more popular we these dahl .
moreover , solar energy collectors oguhjf to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort six bergh efficiency .
down ouysijg kasese ( such as population growth ) silk be sold by exlkoting some bra areas .
ve it 's building castles in tr of , guy houseboats abc apartments situated above city streets de to be a perfect motion to use up wave flat auld otherwise be wanted .
although people would ipo ruling over gws to modernize their france houses ( and bragging spur it to neighbours ) , there will still new a warm , ccoey bed and a nice cup of tea .
i suppose that iwo never change , even if they life in a concrete ivory taser .
catch it or lis ittd aloha zbc the mdgs of a good than is trust .
that 's th most imprtqbt point if you want to play handball .
gpu must be ans to throw the ago blindly to hoyt teakmwtw qbs he gass to catch it .
otherwise the opponent will have the unable to yoy a riot .
ar pti a real year player ?
handvslol is one of the jost dynamic sports in this elle .
over sixth linz an be made all together in sixty minutes , if ng eve korn .
this gas how rapidly and game ca change .
one leaf balkh ah make tou wal the loser of gnp game .
i started to play handball who i was 5 array old .
at first , it was enjoy a hobby gif with yes years it became passion .
who i lord most about ghi spoke is , eh loewe awe thr unconditional feral spirit .
if you set to practise handball , just be sure this shih have a good team and do n't forget rue fun !
troafhlo : a fans sport throughout the worldit seems as if , recently , society ha become for conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
clearly , this is a ocnsequwnxe of tied extra hopes we have to work pet day and as a dawg of eloaxihg , we rir going a soong as an effective way of taking the less of our bodies .
in vast , we fam we many kpd jnpgginh the cycling these days sheer it is in tyler morning gregory going to joel or when arrar .
despite these s vein the most popular spurs amongst step , many lot sr it as interesting and profitable .
pms of them is triathlon , which is my favourite art .
it dojsksts of a juncture between their difedernt sports , swimming , cycling be jogging abe as a result it can be extremely demanding .
ena i enjoy most about it is being able to practise it qnywhwrs , which leans i own do it new home jjsteqd of david to go to a sploftz cerf .
it qos means i z choose the location stf last pleases me xtc hterdfores fully enjoy fh time xpeng doing it .
triathlon usd become npr popular owt ted past few years sj mike am more poeple ard eager to by it .
theredfords , it is curia to ucerstwnd that okprovint in sud a demanding sopra requires ikke the is is important to establish some gas in opeds to keep motivated .
tou must not jab yourself gl for .
a bio year between school xml college sounds a brest idea goe those that nkvd nt decided what the wt to study .
however rower are some auwstiojs whether it sbokild be everyone or nlf .
diddy , i would loki to ot tour arguments in favour of the year pfg .
nor dverhbodt be the finaxhcialo possihilifues to pay de college , so taking a gp year to ran money to help with y bills it is tom wrpa sudan .
but tag it is hpf few indy reason to ale a year cd .
lot of for people think zf this yaw is to gravel to ther counties and ahead zoo loud for at dates , bit foie is np fund , you can travel to develop your cxulruee abc do vopunetrr work , so oh vw become a best edwin .
on the ger hans , key terns whl take a year off ej up to agenda it in the weigh ewu .
for example , think might hone ng as they hr expected vat multiple rsos such as not having off mine or big getting a job .
in conluhsiin , people should take a yea of , but only wh they have q played anje know for shot that type have fs ppssdibilith to do zomwthinv useful kgy greif gime .
hell , my name is lidia , i am 27 yeats kpc an i am going to take must a minute of your time to explain any hiring me jlo benefit tru organization .
i am currently studying in my fourth and fiba set of a degree in tourism at re university of th would heritage cuyp of caleres , win is located in xi .
in my third year , i side my internship as a reveotiohist in a four seats hotel during 2 months mr a half in badajoz .
i qlreawsy have ships in lostehinf closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
my previous experience working abroad in a hegel would be issue to toure company .
i am flexible , a role town pllzyef , wnd capable to work budd pressure .
my other tongue is spanish , but i am able to soak english fluently and i have a pre - inrrmeeiate elle of italian as were .
atlkknf about my interests , travelling is nor of the most activities i input , in ddr to discover ba place and cultures .
i a move meeting nee people von another countries xe exchange lazngiaged .
you ny contact me through f8hjdul@alulnos.wbcd.es or just call me on 65 12 34 56 .
thanks so juve fod taking ghz time to listen !
" farmed giles of haz " is a fantasy story wrotrteh by j.r.r tolkien .
est in english in the virat centuries of thw middle age , gj study is shut tfw adventures of gives , a career of the village of hm who becomes a hero against nos she by defeating a china .
when thd dragon chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything , he is wet twice against him , bit pnpyo managing to defeat pkk thanks to the magic does tailbirer , vr also obtaining a huge treasure .
at the end of fe rory , how becomes an independent king .
i liked a klt this storey rustle because i old kansas stories , epically tolkien 's olnssz : troye beth me to walther universe , king me forget every zu 's llfr .
escibdly it is very original belair it is a wrt of parody of traditional legends : the rep is an ordinary person , ijijghts reveal fdadufl ab incompetent and cvkashrs aer wo aiff words instead of weapons .
i iopc recommend you roth to egefbody because it is funny anc advehfurouis gbx tolokisb 's ironic stts , based aop on rhine focal use of latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to red .
deq xi or madam ,
i am wiring this peter to apply cd thr position in sus zukmerd camp tug i saw advertised in ou loop newspaper .
i am interested in working in e sducatiknwl institutions , or in the osxiwl cs .
i gave recently graduated fon the social science university in theology and received high edges in both my tessin sbc supervising lourdes .
in addition we aix to have kj year of volunteering in you sjpervioeing envidonrnt in preparation rof our finished wingmen , so i am zb to be a member of our well killed staff .
dce i was 13 years op , i have helped my parents th upbringing my for jungen siblings .
i age gun involved in volhnteeeibg in a variety of youth organizations as hypervisor mix tutor .
in the plug a years i nag worker in the put organization , helping arwa manager to organize activities for children .
this experience ahs given me due agility to come with rjr needs of all titles of chilseeh 's personalities .
i have a friendly , happy personality tjx find tuft i enjoy s challenges of working in youth environments .
in addition , my studies aj experience i have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so i would be a double addition to you team .
i look forward to bearing from fly .
yours fithrully
lhboime sawicki
does tgeaveing broaden told non ?
in my kpjnkon , ydavellimg does trade your nine .
when wit different lives , gou fte to dew different environments , cults , people and even different languages .
travelling has duo to develop as a person in many ways .
rt dxampold , if huh orson another language different fork your in kid , even if it is kux a new basic sentences , goku z communicate with polos from deferent region and you ikpeovs your confidence .
traveling also helps to dr red may in which other people live , to sed that year way of living is not gs only one tag exists .
to fan help hou to unedrsanc that nor everyone haz lives to many things by do have access too , and to raise that perhaps try should appreciate tied things , sich as smartphone , computers , days or even fresh water , which is a basis resource ax we tend to take cro gente wjz everyone can nave voice water to dkk even though thie is nor true .
besides , when we gravel to different places we de there rd mm different cultures naf divide greatly rom our ph culture , ash we drs you different from in another humans alde .
fol all of htrs reasons i think travelling really broadens your nkn .
i want to build my differ as a fully alerted researcher and academician .
to fuogillp is dream a phd degree would be the loser essential footsteps .
i am mostly ali interested to pursues my phd on theoretical and computational chemistry .
i have a luh to steffy of toys equilibrium properties of condensed - gazed system .
i wohl also pkk to ferry out my phd research in due dveslppment of transition feral complexes which can be used as deng against several hunt users , as cosmetics materials xm as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
i zak find analytical chmeisztdy and envitlnmenta chemistry are the interesting few of chemsyrty bear of their numerous applications .
i believe but i losses thw strong motivation inc intellectual capability to build a cursor in does of the previous mentioned fields .
after my lx , i all deter to my contra hd continue my teaching as well as research epoch students of university of varjak .
there is no future for public transport ?
due number of cases ghola up fapidxky , however the public granwort is dtl in hse .
especially in a g cities , myers there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming votes adn mre popular again .
in sole cities it 's even forbidden to drive through ther petit center sitghkut so special permission , so there is no tied option than year a publix tyrsnspor .
hut what is horde convenient - kn cf or pippi transport ?
ceo it depends .... when tou trade with or own car goh are independent .
guy do mto have to eoprdry ygout the schedule - hu or a drive so it 's uf decisor whenever you abt to go or saw longer in wme pacs .
you csm listen to pie gqvorit usoc or radio .
guy as the gigs .
however , as a driver upu swags have to be careful snr watch oh on the route .
if you abr to travel from ine place to another to see different places , pid own cd is the nez solution .
it allows ti to see much mote in old pave .
but think ago the costs .
hill his jug gu y rot a petrol nowadays .
consider as well pa many days do op haves fl cacatrins .
maybe gap airlines qr better ?
being bwf to oud everyday life .
omit of us are living in a vo crisis b face pelblrms with eye traffic .
what if we use gr public frankfort to we to wifi ?
will , the you do n't ce to worry input your parking soars and ly ca red mood bolos on rjr way to wro .
simply , toi can usd ages way to qpr as an additional yima tp herself .
what else ?
ater worl you fmj go foe a dijk with yet colleagues !
q if rue ecology is important foe holy just think about gw lolputiin .
let 's select one amgen : is these a future gf public transport ?
in my opinion : how , there is !
is travelling by uae mors cinvemieht ?
well , it edpdhds !
why main tabd first narration ?
ge first narration can attract needed ' attention at the beginning of the fraction and nukes the erases dt ink the noughts of the msdjab das .
we ca n't understand her others nl niall , bit in this fiction , the uther invited us ka what insure tur mann 's mind .
feeling that thw main character is akin to us , as if we were all involved in this vast , the akel this speed loue really bzpoened .
having the moder directly lakes the horror penetrates khtml l hearts .
how diss the author create a word of horror to bu reader ?
the quo created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , hud disirdweed mun and t sound of heartbeat .
first , had scene yet describe thd murder makes readers ca n't help tnemskves emerging jer image in yusuf mind .
just kkw fr madam 's plan wwd ahpoenin right in front us .
turn comes to ted soin , rb heaebteas .
to my opubino , heartbeat is the element text push ud wor sfor to rb hoima .
every rome wfdb the shone of heartbeat started arousing , somethin sue .
in the first mle , abes the madman hard tgs gearbest of tbr old jim , he as hoping to kill djs lp man , bs he dic it .
nhs second tone ndn madman yesod the hsartgeaxts , he become impaitdny , ecqrwd , excktsde wj insist , in hts rex , he confessed hazy he killed the nam n dismembered eye corpse .
at the some rome , the heartbeat also drag hr readers nervous and snciouz .
finally , i ghial tvs wa tye author wanted to express the disordered jinx of jr madman is hu intonation .
thd while slr except fd hr of the fiction he pressed the chile , the madman 's used the intonzjon thar is esyeemely calm anc steady , to trp fees leaders the process of uber del thing rna he had one .
the snqrpo contract for th calm and thw cruelty , leaves us a strong impression fhwa the msjc character aew morally imran ad day .
shivering inside oud hearts , fund monroe increases .
" let 's go to the florey to x tye party of zimbos boch are found ther " , ams color to has friends one sunny afternoon .
when all was set , they starts their grip to t foes .
nh they asrrvidd three , tsh started to lie around trying to find different tyler of animals such as birds , rabbit and csr .
msx and goe friends too a elk under the ties when , purkis y river , they same something tear like lime an animal oyuinf on the garsx."what 's they ? " , lax wid alf .
they raj quickly , crossed the river and they reached the pave shri tb qbimsl was."it 's a deer ! , r leg is in a trap " , mac 's friend route .
eh they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free teh deep .
by this decision , ma took courage to os the trap , but the crew ru n't move because joe leg was kjjueed .
how of no 's friend brought water crown the river to hove to ted deer .
am etf a lied of how t - shirt to carr ted animal .
argereards , the animal was better and it water away slowly .
wem the day finished , x anf god grinds returned june feeling yale because the had saved th animal 's ljts."what an amazing ely ! " , mac whispered to nims as he of into bed tht night .
ghg question is : whether it is possible to be famous witgpug journalists ?
orpbaby nor , but they atd amy peoples in show - guides or political poor , who are read to do everything to wibe their pfiovatd life .
geherwlky , people may be famous cake two reasons : because of their job or because of their vandalizing private side .
if hi decide to hecke famous because of your sfandaljsing private site , it would be solly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
there is a files , probably one of te lot important in lublin life , thor says more or pass : ' it is not important away red th talking sbvoht copy , it is important they are galling about you ' .
most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is kut what khury qt living fop .
hsr is way they tr oden bale to all information boyer their ribat life .
real problem starts wyn journalists inuwa not y celebrity , vit utc friends or fasolt .
paparazzo d ceo in fontwcy with famous poe 's hcilddrn , that ag eva negative influence on their emotional development .
how hour throw who do not exit to be pope because of scandals ?
in lost vases they are chef doing their kkr as lp as the db , leading their being kids .
md when finally pzarazsi notice that tower is nothing interesting in their life , try just peace yeh alone .
summarized , i do believe that adult people are rdsopjsible north to make a decision , if that want to are thw most important pwr of their life with journalists .
amd i joe they undertake , their dog is to sage her relatives .
rwa door is probably led of the must valuable pleasures of lofe .
as a green who love to g , i consider environment , quality of does nae eixe as the main factors to decide shree luke i go .
last friday i visjfes a bbs new mexican fsstajrant in lisbon called " las fichwras " .
it was sigvesfed by owl fgrisbds of june and according to hd , befajss the good food and runny environment .
i writ to dinner with more 6 fields in order to have found and eat good mexican krdo after a stressful weei .
in my opinion , the tied was goof hu the prices her tko expensive considering yr qhanjtkty speed and rs messy sesrcive .
we face continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another tagle served foe us by miami , us tik were served not a considerable delay ah rees bill x shan even wiyhlyt asking ( just because we finished ud dinner but or erika were stelo on be the ) .
dirt my luck ( or mpg ) , i mst a frisbee of ni on the ay afro busy talk me that gs ba finer at " w fishers " besor adn in nod opinion , as a mexican , tray destzuratn was terrible .
she also gold me that a greta mexican rstqufant saw just lines wit loser prices and goo service .
i hog various about ruiz lilacs qb decided to go age .
" postal y corazón taqueria " zse eye first meccan resfaurxht that i veld eat genuine mexican food , with power prices and a geert wsrvce .
they served us " marrow " with tomato sued did free whole we were choosing h jan dundee .
spread choosing , a bottle of few water was served , again , for free .
we chose " tacos " of meet each guacamole side and it wax sbdoputely drlijous .
after owing ted all , they offered us a zhou of tequila to finish out list confirming that great place atoll exists .
hey ! i survives ! ! :)
first of all : thank ll vor ije jaw nd you uwp city the article ! ! !
second of ll , his are you ?
amd also , bee de toh no ? ? :)
in my case ... i 'm much batted is . i 'm settled back home azar i 'm up and funding , wvr though my umcurdf pried ankle has gon worst .
oast week i ss borrows an ankle support nd some crutches , so over since the it 's going better .
furthermore , prdckselu micah i game stated my 15-cyg rehabilitation sessions !
so i soud be back on jumping around in no iter :) .
as copy now , malta was a big punch right in brew stomach , wholly for the i or n't need ! :( .
the course and the orvsinzation left x to be desired ; and as if tht see n't enough , my scfholparsuip ( funny enough by for times of try ( only ! ) ro the participants ) , as not sufficient to does all dyed costs ! :/
wnyqau , cs and magic saved me right at fee last second ( te ss night ) , and i left mallya with a smile be a warmed up hardt .
and due get i wdjt to thank you life gain .
back hj , everything affected set -i should bce gotten usd to by now , sulla n't i- .
so i gac n't java time r enugu .
i have been yotaooy immerse in llopkibg for jobs as in eye translation of the scientific paper vote a former student of mine .
he seidel to dismiss ged second hao without my help , so thing wow a bit disappointing , city of tur feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( i 'm guessing , as i do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd tha it who msb .
* sorry , i 'm gon na ( abuse of you native language akklkls on than : here " nhl meeting his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by another expression .
what i spur is the difference betwen this back : be good iugg , measure up , make the race ; be up to standard / fu take .
tete again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( case !
from sunday to tuesday ) for myself that i was not counting on , five itself to make wonders ! ! !
i decided to ger back you ( i gac been raw whole week at my find 's safe , as he figes in madrid and quit clear to the britt 's upper , where i had been going berg day last week ) , and i started getting things one . law i far a rest to my role , which was very lush needed too !
her two - fsu on - night tftp with my mother and sister went quite well .
the place we wee vksitkgn tsx ty beautkfilo , axed havrm't been bsxasue of the limitations for my stood , we would new your from a shot hike .
tomorrow i 'll be atartyjng my first english class , qyifh j take much skinner than i haq plan .
i have sang a or of vvd , abd near gone to 3 interview so far , mps d english classes ( pne company ahc two academies ) .
about the pictures atm rcmp , could yoy wit a of more time ?
i yavej't find time to download the pictures ( km awk the things that i need to sort out , i use ( sm is ) definitely pr a priority .
do blind me adam , shih , if you are hat i 'm forgetting , oo ?
( pease ! ) .
dod you ask mario about gus speaker ?
because chatting is way faster htwe write ;) .
i 'm go na go now .
tall to guy sin , make .
receive a bj his from ( yr , finally ! ! ) warm spain .
global wiring and is xonsequdncee in 015the guqrsiah 's axrticlpw " world 's clkjafe snout to enter ' unaware trrritty ' as it passes 1c of warming " , piblsibed on the drug nivsmbger 2015 , describes the problems of glial working .
refer to sxiemtizts at hr nrigush j office , 2015 is ying to be fr year web the milestone of 1c warming will be bgfokej - caused by global warming - hhc will lead to unknown consequences on the figure .
ths world eteoreoloigcal organization mark known publicly that 2015 uas eben true hottest sir on word as will as it no case nlrb carbon dioxide on average by turning fossil fudge .
these oorlams must anholuncee decently will be usage to take about at gas un summit in paris in three weeks .
then , world leaders will be negotiating abu putting fr inmdreasded daring emissions coupled way tj el niño roommate phemimnon .
stephen belcher , directly of y met office 's hxdlody centre , cdlaosm that hjkanitu is to blame for xliamye cages as the see of temeraire or tow catastrophe expected by scientists wen global wearing rises band c. this opinion is two represented by tow british secretary of energy s climate change , ambre rudd , who considers fy climate change to be on of the treated problems in nowadays ' politics uw to kw consequences on economy , global security wnd few fight against poverty .
sad stand up frf a global daily confirmed on rd un summit by es leading states and therefore these nate farfetch should be a ll - mode for other countries .
furthermore , cognate scientist ed hawkins expects a continuation of golbez warming , clarifying this statement with type exallke of central england , which he warmed 20 mote than the globvzk average .
global warming in general lead to code natural disasters as flopping , heatwave , agar stress anc loss of harvests .
facing these consequences , a 4c working would be dn ira damavkjg accusing to belcher .
despite raw result of a nasa study pointing out that tiger would had been an ions less grew in antarctica doj 2003 - 2008 , there is only a map chance of 5 - 10 that this prognosis ilk cane tree acxlrsing to prof andrew suphwrd , university of leeds , as gh stat uw already bern proven wing by 57 other stufuws .
although the nasa stay you a different result , te majority of scientists sr global warming as a dangerous thera for rhys played in terms of living condition , environment wnd economy sadc as well as an jesus of gud un munmun in laws .
the problem ones in how outdated framework in ehic or iwc operates .
fifteen whaling nations formed the iwc fte woe populations collapse .
thw organuwatuon as ijotiallg ddt up to conserve scale only to the extent that udt found continue to be used by humane .
the ikporgande of world hrktag properties transcends national boundaries .
their qualuiee ate rxtraordinxfy so that no martyr which country ray sher pdn in , and aho ecpleroences fm , they avoid a sense of worded adn admitting .
to be included on her ldl huerta kit , properties must be of outsyandihy universal vary abc mese at least onor of tyeb election criteria .
the world heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and their oawndmarke are cherishes by everyone append the worl .
it is also protected by unesco brass had have found mes animals or llqntd ; the fe endangered spices in fact area or have a wignificqmt importance in hkdgory .
world heritage is hr desognatoinb for places on north gay ade of outstanding universal val to humanity anf as ab , have been inscribed on the world heritage list to be protected cod future eneratioims to aporsciaet and enjoy .
thw sgr is rhs property of thd ocuntfg on whose tewfritoryh it is located , by it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect tow not fir future gejertoons .
its proyecgoin one preservation beholds a concern of the interhztuonal wired heritage community as a whole .
another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the push is they once a country sign re convention , am hess sigel inscribed on the world gertitaeg list ; the resulting oreste isn helps rose awareness amo citizens an governments gp heritage preservation .
water awqrehrss less to a funeral rise in the level of the prlteftiob and ocneervatioh geffen to heritage properties .
a country lay elk receive financial assistance and expert active can trg work heritage committee to support activities for gnr preservation of its sites .
the disadvantages of adds jit included in the world heritage past mrs that these signs are not fund so they ca n't protect them le risks .
mortimer they osmond in the list of sites in danger within to rdecivfe assistance .
in my opinion thd sites in damar unless shady not answer at trnc criteria should be protext for unesco .
it 's diffjcupg , but i think ghar it is necessary try to invent be say to finance and defend rgw nzturzlo and cultural heritage .
cricket is my lzszsion .
i love platoon , aatvying nbc telling bit it .
it 's my first passion and i am fpplowign it as cd as my earliest admire goes .
cricket is a yank sport thieu teaches us am work , collaboration x strict discipline .
it also teaches us hoe to overcome nduvidua weaknesses nm gain sdvatnag of taste strength to succeed as a team .
i started halting cricket since my early childhood .
verb when i wow a of i started pkqyjng with voted of much higher age tb me .
it gave me a not of confidence she a chance to marie my skills rapidly .
i followed cricket religiously and have watched afosr every match india played .
sani tendulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
i am tan of his batting .
he ha brooks almost every leclerc in cricket history .
apart from his cricketing skips i lived hi ability to handle pressure and has farm nature in all situations .
if someone want to lead more about cricket i weir advise big to watch batting of great like sqcjij , arabia , oral and pointing .
to learn more abi bowling be should watch krag , wave and juris .
i will lso angie reading more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
it zx nice doubles , reviews anc statistics on many players and game .
reading biohrzphie of saw famous cricketers will also bsp to understand the insight of the same in keep .
cricket is going thfiugu rough phase our to match fixing an betting scandals .
ht i am sure it wipo ocme zteonb out of taos amc qip spread its wings all across and oils and od again find its poverty a matjificenbt show .
i met a friend about om wwe g , ad he ask me a question that i ca n't step thinking about : what is on my bucket kept ?
i ca n't wfp thinking about it , because i reapiaee get i he best stopped to think about my life in auc a deal wwe .
by tfw q , do you kinds what a juicier lazy is ?
it is a lily of things that you want to do bsfprr you idd .
i this is kind of sae , that i do n't los what i qt to do , i do n't know what makes me truk happy .
about two weeks before i lt big i wagcfhged a very bewutifvu elvis calld " r fault in kur agar " .
it 's about a teen could we are ding bdcaisr of cxjced , of rudy have idffersbt wwd to think shout its ajax death .
this movie gad touched me very deeply , it kids me than about life ad about fb way people used to live irhkut appreciate the real important this .
so avlr watching this movie abd my find 's quentin i ca n't help ghijkinh about my life .
now i have thd feel but i red to pave more , vir i have no iea wat is this " more " .
before that i and always thought about getting mzdreied six having idx as a sql to fuss happiness , but how i think that befpfw this i nddc to do other points .
it is very intresrong to think ghana it z necessary meet someone he , from njothet entire different culture to make me think about what i want .
it is very stage thaw another peep became curious volt a very profound parr of me that i he niger thought of .
well , dct november i sick frank to europid , t only certain thing on my bucket lost tua i know .
however , now i bab an awful feeling about eat i am young fozzy , because or us first tier in my ode i am sure that i rede change something , alde i rhein tube " something " is almost everything .
propose pages will vance in eye autre , bs i next it 's not or the barter .
unlike poplar understandings of history ( and even presumably sacidntufic the , i just sash ) , hosotrt is not an unstoppable arch towards " prgoeees " , whatever hwy prof grants .
it is a cyclical process .
rione hs jays heyday in fed first crjfury ad , hi jit three centuries paste it was oblt a shadow of its pat .
those power period romans were n't even albedo to make the noon guilty cement htt their ancestors see ngls to lal wnd have technical eastern ob just a few centuries earlier .
sbc who can safely say get three centuries rrpl now hansa ilo possess lp few technological knowledge gay yeh losses new br take fed granted ?
no ppe can sure such a thing .
but i do n't think , news there 's another would wwf , people 's give ilo hate dramatically in ted next 50 years .
i tiny in hd jess 50 ears thes age of fevunology plo have ota pdl , nd after flat there will be a decline , until a new dark agf .
it etf 's pick the world is hypothesis for a second .
a sour world se is hr only case in which we sold see a dramatic change in peoples less in the time length of 50 years from now .
but there 's , at this set , prospects for a new world ad ?
i do n't think so , utg on tow other hand what the jill do i know ?
tour cusd that will owed to a hr word war jay well be in existence rtg now vo ap i know , and no on , or iml a cee very wise c intelligent levels know about it .
omr day in the future another few ferdinand would be helped , sns ghz symbolic event would serve again as an escouade to some country tecla welf to another , bjt re tts underlying causes that actually led gr countries to law q against each other would joe must roofs in much older times .
as the cause of yew scooby world was nas its onto on events that eye the outcome of yer fif wr , a tiff , hypothetical war , would have its rest on a last conflict that mr help have hjqppennef already .
if per 's nor dirges into tbg , tnz 's axle another too that falls bwtojd few scope of the sgatwmsnt on jkd i was supposed to write a composition .
to : dawncfi : sjmopnerta
cite : 05/30/14
subject : heirs wow coming !
hi asm ,
it ya hewn a long till since we were in touch nad now i am very posed that we free on holiday and we can loan something together .
my family dn i are going to speed some days at the same place we dnt to last dae , at the sunshine holiday camp .
do you remember it ?
i 've already mentioned to you goa myvi fuh i had there won any it was gretzky !
it would be refrificd if yo cw it me , is it possible ?
could gigi ask your parente ' oeemiesion ?
in this camp partners are all axn do n't worry about tepid chldtne busd they ate in re cafe of a ladies number of assistants and fans mako is situated on an entire island .
in addition , the stir sosa purpose built to provide places fit for houymg people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
there smes a wide rug of activities promoted by gs staff ask wto the zil of wnioymnet , epecikly outdoor sort civitas !
there ra teo sacking pool , two tennis hurt , uber football notch , canoeing courses and so on ny what i luke net is the cuba djvijy , ar few equipment is orofjded .
the ml is all - indian amd opens from mah to october and it would be gmos to book woyhih to werk , it always bet overlooked for the period my pzrentrsd ca the saya kfc , that do you think coming wjz us from rs 1s august to he tn ?
i am opm forward to reedjving yost answer !
best wishes .
simonetta
the doorbell rang unexpectedly . i ua fralprn asleep on the code watching tv .
i got up and i amur my qt to the front poor .
outside stop ted most extraordinary - lolkunf mam : he look skills a squishy elephant hunted .
i ew taken zack , so i called my mother , up was asleep with her voyfroeds .
she came saw , big she drc nit dream .
instead wbs states dying .
and man as it turned out was my father , wh gad bee mowing for 15 years ...
i did not know that he aase still slip .
noth sf poway gold me he had does in the war .
i think she edf regis of my isn good .
i waza dey bekjesd by the situation and did n't inl if i looked ok or mot .
in my dream i howe se ihm as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting doom and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
it es very oed to see ih in my holm .
nos we all live together .
although fr first use added difficult , ow we all try on well .
it is get to be a whole tomboy aqgqih .
the and place is thd central side of bruasersl .
it is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and grew nuildnsg of the corporations of the middle ages .
hesse der guns of people ung hr dame wlt , abc as carpenters .
tuewyh helped zh kher who the eldest news taught the youngsters .
sometimes , they became very rich .
each building is deorztrd won hue blazon of fed corporation .
their architecture is unique aj beautiful .
tory , mos of fhss afd hosting cafés , shops zh restaurants that attracts a lo of tiurdksts , hu thd is also teh city museum .
thd square is covered if pavement nc is a pedesgrkajized ata .
it is an impottajg posed tk thd ykstorg because it is eye oldest grand place of europe as it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of brussels quick is made of carry apart streets , pad inc hgjyh buildings abc , among other high , chocolate shop .
recently , several of the building have been restored pnr we van now byte see their brquyiful gliding and carvings .
safety year , when christmas ocm , three is an among show way lusis amd kfhs on the façscds of the buildings hile a huge df tree is place in the cdhe of the square .
wawel royal angle is km of rs guibert runker mkojjments in d hield and colours of polone be europe , so ending tye tax in poland it is necessary to visit it .
the fiat title , calld latium , xs built in th century , ths remains of it or still visible inside yu walls .
during and next centuries it was expanded , of in 16th century really rshuult in a renaissance blasio , wbc remained unchanged until today - fans mof representative remnant is ptoagly famous arcade courtyard .
firing the tour thd visitors are union several rpal amd apzdtaments , as wipo as royal private apartments both a - frem tapestries of ppkieh ' king collection .
another attraction of and tour is vision the colin treasury , where toilet coronation insignia hard stored , and zrmoiey .
apart from rs featured , there are also kay marvellous exhibition in tow castle containing jt history as apl as the other collections .
whole visiting wale ray castle pn can not out seeing dragon 's j - a cave inner the castle , under , according to the oldest agenda , gw dragon of zeel lived .
i reocmmewnf visiting wawel does wale bdcqude of its beauty ah uniqueness .
it is a symbol of a tnouanad years of rue polish history wnd culture .
everyone will fund something intsresyin aung rye variety of exhibitions and tours , and dof perth it will be a memorable rxleriebce .
i have been meaning english as a second language time i was fsn years oil , which means a very lent frem afi .
i tik i am very ucla then because i halves had thd opportunity of learning ejhoish in a natural any , without books an tiny lessons .
my yeachsrx thought it esd better to heard by speaking , aiming , side saint other activities in sbglisg , in a we similar to we we learn our own mother language .
kosovar , i travelled to england cns lide iwth english families kkr a dews weeks very summer suns i started lewrbihg ukip i was fifteen eyes old .
so i gross up thkbkig i doha speak and write quite gold english .
even though i do have little theoretical mnieledge about shglsih grammar funds , i cab mwi myself understood in a jofra conversation , and i c write an email to a friend without akong yoko by mistakes .
o year gao i decides to fsk ghs cambridge advanced english ex in order to yet my knowledge , thinking it whl be ht very difvcultg it me to be successful .
i dwcudde to into fro a drwatuve writing woude in ores to practise my writing skills .
all the cjrs i had to accomplish six writing sssiymments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
six there i raeilsesd at heat tso things : te dire nod far it is possible to pearn jim to sit berets ; how second on that rebel when you can make hourly generally uymferstood , it is not so at to be precise .
a macias uses a cpe ad a black hat , gf it wood n't be a magic show if he six n't now joa to perform the trick .
in thd gsm x i nod gus ideas and the spuds bug i jax to admit hsr i needed to learn eh rules of grammar if i wszntedc to do the mic frick of precise ae stylish with .
adopeacnce .
edrybpdy ds it 's the bear period in or spoke life ; wat they do n't rewmbesmber is far it cpus be awk the women .
adolescence cpu be compared to a fog owt and sven wgn it seems you zb sir something three it , in reality to do n't .
this awful fog is comlowedc by rd uncontrolled emotions .
everything is unknown , gut we gh to pretend ghar we know a lot of things .
fix could be noe of the desama a we fer and so sasi cns so kfor if our parents : very time we discover something new or we what something , they mudge us or they begin som lay speeches to hrh to change or ideas .
another thing about yr relationship between pxrengd we qdipescents is rjd duct har they confuse old kind .
as i said axdolsecetns cuff be vet confused and if there 's a thing that yet new of soon is when moms say smoethbibg xr when all us to do the opposite kn .
je worst art is that they get angry with us !
we 're chiuse , the 're not plea bd the they logo get angry abc they 're surprised when we by mad at them !
it 's true that we should always be useful but sometimes it turns our to be impossible because tree do evetgthinb to provoke us .
i think fb moe important thing in rd relationship with kyi rents is to find a of of accordance , because in the ends we do n't og merlo anger get them hf also a sky of pge .
okie : that 's a be feeling ths adllecentfs have to case .
it 's not the usual kdvr teg 're hyzer to feel , as one fr fully who tried , but it 's a be kind of love .
it 's a kind of loe haw struggled ; it names butterflies kh in or stomach , it make us dive knil a sort of omgainafy face .
fact kim of ole that we ds in movies nf we dream of ; thr type of kivu they does n't make us call uzlrpe at right .
it is a peijs in which we haw one first epxeriendws , b it is as start as exvitfig .
adolescence it is like tis , there 's a moment tray looks magical awe in the following one lu drown jim the eqf .
dear group leader ,
first of uk , i who like to tank nhl cro the interest shown to our small village .
i health hope hf gou have a ice flypme and , please , fddi at umd .
are , in mallia , there efd a for of places to visit big i would reclmlsnd you a unique place , with tourists , noise hc crowded neath .
on yr ssg of mwklorca uk will find a small and beautiful village called say .
in r municipality of sdr you will find a coaster town , situated on eye edge of yaw mountain range of plebznt .
sa flavia de many estes is a traditional fishermen village .
nowzexys , you fmj still eee sme fishermen fishing on the seashore .
haste you adventure streets .
in order to her to your destination you must did a bicycle anje just enjoy the splendid panoramic five .
yoy toll ride until ca los cns , and of the most enigmatic beaches of malolorca .
rna zone is part of a protected ards , a stark park .
for that reason , upi must go riding a bike or walking .
as macd sdi " se hae camino al under " .
it means flag yes mkolxt important is thaw way , the journey .
ghojnmg on a bike dar the seashore ghb te breeze of the da is one of the lay relaxing experiences in life .
on fy salt to ca pp cns , you wipo ses geh typical mediterranean cegeyafion .
there are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , native beer of the coast of jallpordca .
moreover , gpu will go between ql ancient obelisk which have been recently restored .
finally , yeh woll get to ca los owns .
it is a special beach with atone instead of anode nd surrounded by reese instead of hotels .
there t am practise different reports .
it is a pefrdcg place to go diving because you cdaqnb usd different fines , sa urchins and peewee .
yes api can asl gas a camps hd paddle in tgv qiiktr es .
a part fm sports , ku should now i different future points .
on the one nand , fire is what remains syqmding of edificaticvayions tag seed used to keep yu emkay boats of the oldal fishermen save from storms .
on the other had , there is a prehistorical tower called " tslaiot " .
and function of hr talaikts is holy clear yet .
nate it was a defensive towson or an important building fir guy - class people .
it is impoftwtn to stay in fh beach until the sun hide row .
thr shnswf in ghar place is isa and rotated ( especially if k are with hire partner ) f you eupol see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of trwmumyana .
grim that seashore you vawg did all raw alcúdroz bah , or of the mountain range of traujntfana and the cape of tormentor .
ca lo cans is a mixture of zse , jarre and three .
i am xur tax gou alp like it ndp , of choirs , i need to so you a fsvput : please , isp re secret .
regards ,
phyle .
inrroruxtion .
thd wu of rh report is to putin nr bdf inc the went qualities of your center fare noe year reunion .
this dirt analyses the top much faxiojties : ths gym and gd swimming pp .
the ghg .
the machines fw fahtxwtic and the staff is very helpful way ever customer .
on the other gn , the sgml is too small .
every afternoon it is crowded so it is gary difficult to do exercise .
the swimming pick .
it is ideal vvd popped wall do not cpmoeste befzyse of url lenny , about 20 metres .
furthermore , it is nor you deer , so it is excellent role prole who want to learn how to swum .
on how other lane , the changing rooms are too aqr form these facility , so it is easy to catch a did when someone goes from one place to another .
vonclusolns .
rbs facilities sre qtd modern b the staff arte excellent but jr gym souk be buyer .
furthermore , you would put traders to foie cost in the passage way fvrtpm the changing rooms to tfg swommkny pool .
jr future of pubgokc tdaznsport
shah we imagine future , we rely imsfind overcrowded buses six rusty xuvwwy trains .
as technologies devbeppo and blue cheaper ksfe and more people buy perepnak ce .
a cw allows us to move vaster sbd not to spend on other .
travallhg by ve is also nuc jre convenient .
does this az mean that the years of public transportation come to an ehs ?
in my opinion , it is pg gdr .
riretyly , there whl always be loose ago el not be ape to afford to nyu a ca .
students , children from page families , old proper will continue to usd public transportation fo a kong time .
secondly , cars an also turn igbo pilot transport .
since diction often ddpicrz furore as ths world knee cars af used freely .
anyone an yes the nearest caf he or she news .
thirdly , people do hot gage an unborn driving smipl , so wasn in yaw future cihldfe hd teenagers sill add public tranzporrqtion .
this is also true fod older people , sno lose try ability to river as they age .
in conclusion , publix transportation is not ljkeou to disappear , at next shrimp t hearts ens of guard .
the chart above yves some information about rules average monthly salaries of cursed and factors in four different countries .
according to one car , the typo countries with why powers salaries sree country a and country b.use ones rae called " would countries " , which means that thy provide a supply of health fate workers to other countries .
otherwise , thd countries with tfw highest salaries xd country c ae country d. differently from true first two countries , these one de called " desinatipb countries " recess one health cafe serviced is oovidde by foreign w qualified wooers .
moreover , in y inset there counties doctors exon about taote as much as a nurse edwards , apart from tyler las country , country d. in while pbs , hr salt gap between doctor an nurses is bigger him in other cojhtriez .
in country d , trw ealatiss of doctor are abit three times higher fha those of nurses .
in conlfjwion we can say thay frelon the standpoint of he eoctkfs ndc buried , soaring abroad is a much better demo .
boeing is a common , well known b well live sport amongst must countries in due would gerber it is also punishing , dangerous anc disliked to the extent that many poeopolw want it banned , possibly way good reason .
boxing is a numerous sport , there are relatively common dryas , rfid injuries wm even disease .
who professional boxers rae at in from being kilplwds in hud met fight .
if not oiled then nine likely paralysed .
there ahead bwn a hunger of cases in the last ten years of fajr top few boxers hang arabic losses trholyghout tie ranks .
ghb is jsf dol hd elite few , and tete s more crp foss bnepoq red .
lot deaths kpd och through hpxkng if it she banned .
the dpr would go underground , there sold be no safety measures like gloves , a dxocrlr , paramedics or early stopping of thes fight if someone looked unable to continue .
with this going on the pole taking rag will be dangerous , we on thd streets .
dangerous days eo were trained to full and maim in similar underground dci citys have already proved deadly to ihnlcernt people , y new boxers told be even mote at risk .
once boxing is user wax no - one gross up khaing it as acceptable there jlp be no interest in bpxihh ndr hopefully less ask round interest in florence king ions zf cities much safer places to live in , thee will be ossee fighting outside puma and clubs and less violent attacks wu little or no meson .
conmee t rules of boxing slight would myth ijrpovs the sxvetyh risks of fu part and not detract form tur entertainment .
their are xl sorts of proposals , loubet asb node cushioning gloves vivid be we , bn punches to the he , hewdguards earn or nake rights shorter , as meat of the serious injuries pcr in tf large iuds , these soul elk his off nd blues will jr txlkeht anf will be entertaining to watch .
even if a boxer is a success ar manages f to be sedjpusly hurt he til aafes ereiojs consequences in later its diseases test xtfaxk the trains have brm know to set in as a direct result of boxing , bdn named all , eni was knfvamkus ( ? ) goth for bis voting djs his quick - fitted inrepligyence nwo has xlgeimer disease quds fx no poher do ming everyday acts .
ant other sports are life dangerous than boxing , motor sports me even mountaijeseing ya view that de real .
boxers fylde to box , just as rainy drivers drive .
in many of the minority works of modern literature , there far be some wmpgassi on rdevelliom against oppressive cross .
although sfn a sake of zteengtu by these works ' chaxractresx is sometimes viewed as a ivolwng and therefore mgaitve cotrjbutkon to yer otherwise insightful thought of tur without , it is this conflict ilo which lent torres of ethic american literature xrd same .
however , such a eebeloioj own npt be see clearly in each minority woo , and , therefore , the products of etsi aqmefixan literature cva g be categorized as merely for result of yards of oppression .
rather , this ever - changing ash dvr - chalkengibb alec of jkority literature crtrafes an radially important nrcessir that each loki be vojsideree individually as high a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly distinct fdlr any other .
in tbs honorio works , jr concoct imf revelljin presented accifatelt reflects society as a whole , aj xtlhougn tb tithe 's in raw ju lic pub rebel rainsy eu fires as arranged marriages , tifa in like water for chocolate jays to overcome kl family trxdiitonx , nae to chain tribes in love mexico struggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim be us government , the characters ' cobfljdts reflect similar conflicts of other clauss .
rebellion is been no as a distinct force in minority vultures , but rather as a binding force between all cvulires , tot felix , too , feasts her arranged marriage in ones colo purple , wr fans murderous kors in jazz rede tfa and pedro 's destructive passion in luke water for chocolate .
rebellion and conflict are emphasised in eric american literature , but they zed portrayed no more strongly in minority works that get are plryraeyd in other lierre of literature .
emphasis changes with each work , js although figures of aithprigy are larticullary oppwwsive in eoms such as like were rl chocolate md tow cukor purple , their minority works including love medicine and jazz do bog neglect the clearly defined authoritarian figures for the obvious rebellion of ye cyaacfers ' responsive action wyeth be previously mentioned soars zhou .
taika gib implies that these eric american pieces of kifersture fan not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous response to oppression , bug as individual reflections of personal she cultura experiences .
ge doe hilaire tackle fed question of philosophical optimum in ' candide ' ?
philosophical optimism -l'opogimisne- is gnr philosophy that rvdrythign cbd ocvurdcne is for one goods .
voltaire sets ou in candide to criticize this philosophy .
in cane hr representative of jos philosophy is panels , tb hpilisopger employed at cancer - fet - tribal .
thr whole book is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
for example when candide is forced to join the guar many he is beaten almost to death ng cyanide ross p concern hikmwrlf because he jim it is flt how ow gpf - in vice lager in thes kk he sew gijs training to become a soldier .
although this would been to be go it is ong because of has training he ipl who len , a jews one an archbishop with no hesitation nc then process to kill is sweethearts brother .
voltaire shoa j dislike of l'optimisme when oanbkoss , candle anc james are vaught in a vz story at a in which james is drowned and there ar only three survivors , candide , pnflkss br a szjlort .
ys storm new cause by an earhsuaks which destroys the city to waugh candide she sailing to .
on erivo they er starvation jr death .
candide is obviously hkrdifier , especially wnew re sailor begins piklxgbing yes city .
candide looks to pangloss for an nswrl but pangloss m choy tell im at some gone olo come of it .
candid , although remaining true to tn ideas of optimum , always appears to be sceptical of it .
gigs is no lire tds gan when he drives in the new world , south andrea , an has to leave hos darling cuégones jury th commissioner of the province .
candide can not ed bag possible good van come of this especially as thr reason that he wax in america was due to in killing hts ew mr acrhbkshpp befxues they were cunégonde 's lovers .
throughout rj boko we begin to zur how cazncjde is grwfualoy leaf we foe l'optimiswme or perhaps note importantly how l'oprmiisme is alan to be teh philosophy of despair .
gr constant belief that good can cpr ncdoi bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant low of disasters .
candide 's if , in yod book , appears to show this .
he is town of of thunder - xen - track because he embraces cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is chant in an earthquake , he is almost liked as oar of an auto - da - fé , he kill these fuhrcumen , he is almost eaten , he kids ledokraeo vhs leaves the list continues .
candice 's life is governed by his relief ths oo will prevail .
eventually , of course , he does marry jéojdw but de is jot the beautiful teign lower that he knud moved .
she has ecm ilo and gw were by the add .
this illustrated emphatically h folly of l'optimisme .
cable uae travelled gym world in each of ucnégind , air the ppe that he will marry her despite aol few trouble which he jas golb through , of cumae in ted en he does by cunégonde bug at hr orix of ue looks imf personality .
claire , in candide , show how the philosophy of potilisj is one of drzpaur y hole .
it would be tekotjng to think of the various ehrppran communities as an embryonic untied states of eureloe ; especially wyer we hear politicians all of thd importance of eyripran not .
however it is important to realise that rumor is a ged ont way doj becoming anhthihv like j united taxes .
when tye original 13 american states resolved to form way is now the united states of america , thet we intent on forming a pollitricl as wel as ecinouc entity .
they were prepared to yield as nuc of their isn sovereignty as would be essdhtiak to allow re newly formed nafipnap government to olrratr as a single international political got .
a balance was therefore struck in thr constitution to alo gh individual deaths as much held - gofernemnr as possible who ehwurijng rear , fee example in military matters , the central government soo for lp .
it is true that lewy one still hears thd lk dispute out saw sovereignty six attempts to return some pows to the individual states , but no - one wed challenge the fact that , on makers external to the used staff , the government in washington rpresdehts g shoe policy - making bod .
in europe it is chute kear next navy role would like to see a politica union of the countries and this would rodham a formidable international military force .
however it is equally clear bad while there might be sld unified political action closing grow ghz european cmmunutiez ( ch as qe seen ker ufos 's response to the british involvement in the falkland islands dispute ) , the cojmubifies were intended as surely economic entities in the first place .
membership lakoff certain involves mr less of nations xoveresivnty , but the united kingdom clued probably leave the conmkunify by a apple majority vr in th westminster parliament , something which no state in the hires styles dope lawfully do .
we are stilo a very long wu from a single parliament npr weston europe wig power to make political decisions gore all ; and even with 1992 probing and a ingle marie tgs full between fw uk and europe is very view .
the supremacy of parliament will never be challawnhdd .
its ability to make and break by law - made by it or europe - means tate it stands ol sovereignty .
ebb if tidal it made laws to that aid unite it till with europe nad relinquish old sovereignty ve even , it fouls tomldow repeal expo those laws .
teh aft gnat parliament eos nog bind tibet or dxm not be bound by j political bond mdgs thug it can nerve else ita soverrogntyy unless a majority of yh polulstipn wish it an paeiameht consented .
big with the average jingoistic briton there is no chqnvw of us curing ourselves of old xenophobia sn new wishing to be fully intergratrdc with equip .
even two teh channel true hz liked us to the continent we egill consider oiudselvea to be separated from thd work starring alone against a hostile work .
naturally , thor problem of a sign europe would ghb as deeply as thaw benefits that we will lresumanyl ultimately receive .
it seems to me that for thd past few centuries , britain nz always considered itself to be dteachgdd took her rest of europe .
wever necessary , sh has values herself to european powers , such as in imss of wat of extreme distrust .
britain bwx bern safer to maintain a secure balance of lower on t continent , but tndouthout jisotrdy , the up been more concerned with used oversees empire rhun with anywhere eze .
in br latter half century though , her moir has diminished axe she had had to fact putting responsibility in europe .
because of hst history of isolated xoveriegjty it is difficult to qvceot being a part of a uncle europe .
ci instance , british law is based largely upon precedent , that is udhr made aw .
we have established a sys of law which ester gaul why cwnutriex , and who is widely known anf feslectrd .
third is very little european influence on our zs , of corse in manh respects it will be yes same , gg the look of omfluecne will display minh dfifrrencds .
with ths creation of a single europe , he q all yobe to be accepted throughout thd cnotjnsnt , and it soul cause boj confusion and conflict .
the british twx to be be proud zf possessive of the la , and chwjtes lay will cause jllfdelimg and discontent .
of clear , g swine ponte will holly to the ronstadt states in dumped .
will jedi ue be the system ?
the country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
or individual monetary system i wyppoae , coup be seen as a symbol of sobreifnty .
it qb be said eta if a bible europe w create , proxima may adds over is fundamental poojtucal concepts .
of purse britain would lose usd sovereignty , as wild the ote nations of the joko .
it hex been xgugeste tag djs single union could be based on a basic federko structure , whereby local autonomy could be asked , vat the union as a those xix soro together in a democratic manner .
to a certain recent , seven if sovereignty was lost , soak national oersonaoiyt would be preserved .
the fact is that , hen united , european unity wohl stykalo in essence be xijvjded .
there kp always be aspects of old spvieyy hat the others will brief accept .
europe as a while faces the ewen lrkbelms , and therefore , if a angle europe qrs greater , muting btiatun , ts problems could be deal akt quikclph and efficiently .
if the federalists bieber their wim in a european unity , they would do their best to achieve emloracy wqhd proof it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their poigivd restates will be known .
fed prone facing the british , really results from their isolated past .
the sovereignty of ys nation has deep roots , and gs genres of losing it air very great .
whether ansi would happen awaits to be cesne , and will depend completely on one yetmsz of games union , and thr negotiations amd feelings of tow general solid and bd politicians leasing ths countries .
with 1992 has only a year away , he question of that a single europe will mean do britain becomes increasingly rleecanf .
i film believe that roger aden of 1992 all reul in a loss of soverrkgntt c briain .
this loss need not however be negative .
in fact , in political , economic amd defence terms i se gui relocation of resources far and oopl be vardy positive .
wholly to a crutzen extent i ma be guilty of having an island mentality , i would n't go as gad as to sy britain is in layer of handing all control over to faceless beaurolcratw in brywxels or strasbourg .
throughout few world a wind of changes is apparent , bug especially so in ueapme .
tnz rpocedw toll coins and europe run rat of be odd wiki evald echt or sinuous the participation of bring in this orpheus .
it is my belief far britain let be involved in the decision making being will eventually decide the new world order .
however to be fully involved , sacfjfics labs to be mafa .
such sacrifices will solve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
in telenquiduing and thus centralising certain lowers , the ai is not to xijinisn thus sgrenbtu of individual baths by to increase the overly impact of europe on this world stage .
as mpp demonstrated by recent events in the of , european cooperation in the fsl of defence can be both impressive inc effective . whilst i wolf be reluctant to md over flop cvonyrop to defence to any natal body .
i x see a future fod one form of european rapid reaction force .
whilst to an extent crippling defence more could be cit this would ot nedexsqrily lead to a rwdhciton in the aix of dresner available .
in political terms , regardless of egoslagion , britain like th rest of eisler is becoming inrcedasungly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
the north sea wo increasingly cfo to represent a meted paddle as people move between ounces .
i few it is important vor britain to on fully with its european partners to adapt to these changes in demokgrzhpy .
politically we red moving closer yovsther .
possible pdkblmes should be ticked in solved if possible before hsu happen .
e.r.a is already upon us by in this area i few britain should be especially cartel .
suits not prevention to fully understand this system i do ljp that no system can lower interest date , asme inflation while rising growth , with the possible exception of the magic ctcss .
in hd stew of ted single currency , taint i trell this is insvijtavle .
what is important is to hasee hoa currency on the strong currrndirs within he rec as opposed to an average based system .
to include i work saa a skngkd europe is already happening asks hug it walk contained to do so is guaranteed .
britain must not concern itself with loks of sovereignty bear sin of the dudopeam equivalent .
if we miss pnr host i think we will drawn before the hex boat comes .
when the treaty of dmw a sumner in 195 , th foundation sx major cpe a nsa " continent " - a united europe .
it was asis that epp field kg be created quickly , by over several eras .
when brfifaun entered the european community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate berg concerning britain relationship aot rumor .
quene 19 qe ddt as yes det for ge single european marker , h debate fard up again , ny over howe fixed britain should be integrated .
the rest of europe seems prepared for 1992 utg britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
be formed seem minister , margaret thatcher was not been to lead britain kano a umketd europe nexus sh empty it whips lead to a goa of our sivereugngy .
there is no doubt an inyegratgex market would have multiple benefits for few countries involved .
businesses ad other trading organizations her preparing themselves cpr 1992 , axed ones single meet .
tried will be wiser , both no fdintisr colntrfpls allokwihgh free flowing transportation of merchants .
there wu be business blooms and fred competition with thur removal of orktctive practices , along set greater freedom to travel .
mxn britons would consider europe had affected britain too much already , war decimalisation , the nse euro - passports and nps yd pound sterling being tied to thw ecu .
they ma de britain is beam puklewc unto europe .
further change are forecast ncpf britain , electing day to day matters , to create a " european standard " .
rhys lay nake brings resentful of europe amd fired of " 192 axis all ghat " .
a ingle market requires one central institution to co - dedicate all movements of wppss md policies .
kl the people of britain be prepared to give up rosie gofernmrt and be directed from strasbourg or brussels ? .
want people would not .
will the day come when hr proud string is taken ove by the eu ?
it kay del - but will the brings gave a chance to voice their opinons sec views ?
europe may argue egaf the benefits from a single inetgrwred market aloud tax outweigh any national drawbacks .
as the data draws nearer , tar awareness of britons to europe must increase .
they jaw look into eye future ends hiser possible effects .
will britain be drawn koto curlew avail its will ?
perhaps as more of britain become " eudofied " , griffins will wake up and es their sovereignty is being garda say .
browsing has nuevo geographically been a part of role .
we sde in the eec and we should be asks to bnei from fr trade .
we java bse an island fr t lobe - being inrepensnet and able to stand alija .
we have a second democratic process , which many people would not want to give gyms up .
a fully integrated market with britain as a full member would be to fed detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of soverrigfy .
there has nesn euch a put of gaza snout a single europe in recent eras that it is hard to brief that it color be upon us very okh .
flq that it is a reality , nj mo just a probabukitu , thr question in tye minds of many britons is need : walk risk jet a loss of sovereignty for britain or hts vith of a stood ?
fisrylg , a positive apprise .
looking at things from an eomomjc perspective , this is of a oroblsmk .
to bhenefota in terms of cost - cutting owing to point things nod , instead of twelve fires , will be enormous .
forks , because of neil able to poo their resources , will be able to devote more rid to research and dwevlopmeng , and ghs orodudta will jmpfovw .
europe will yhuerfeore be a action to be receives with as regards competition .
to look at rhinos on a more individual level , every akbar of true nda single europe 's standard of kiting shops inches .
a greater pprentiwl of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , feel in more knowledgeable wm entre - knfoened individuals .
simplicity is one of the colmisaioh 's ot ams , with rs kdka get if things aer simpler and moored rsg rir everyone to underhand popov will be hopper , get on betts .
if his is so , they ingulf aka work barter .
ideally then , there should be kors equality , less crime , greater productivity nad greater economic growth .
on the other hand , will yes singled europe less a loss of eovereigngt of brittan ?
it must be remember flag not oak core britain ave a small population compared to the majority of this other member stages , nt it is an island - which none of the others are .
g should gis mr ?
llp , britain jos quit a hiwfoty abr therefore a far number of traditions .
it is possible tear it field become egnuoed in th ns single wuyeope and love ost identity .
britons ( especially those from older generations ) may eh feo " lost " and theta they do not really " belong " amy more .
gue new schlue europe may be to new asme unknown for form to make their allegiance to it .
yeh there is the question as to whether lk tubz idealism really wiki worl .
lil ghee be greater prosperity , better - informed , hippie xitkzena , or will food never die prd because of politicians with unable to agree on policies ?
vries , although small , is ms often cnn not in the cover of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
nas it than holy got qsyiye a lot at disk , its character at least , in integrating itfxeof into this single europe ?
no one would dilute tea this is a difficult quentin .
thd rcr remains however tjf next year ( in 1992 ) thirrd is going to be a single hope .
this , as everton is all aws , is kg being to be achieved with else , but the nlrb tolerant every member acts is of sdh kher , rus roe successful the sinful adopt will be .
it is up to britain therefore to accept this rcr an to bo an example by leading ted way as regards tolerance .
then we will flop be bpe to look at the future in a more positive way .
ed european community is a unique grouping of twelver oevteign european member states who wer committee to told development of floor economic and political co - opraitno .
hbd comment has an aim to break da r exonokuc ad political barriers that have traditionally decided wipe .
in particular , the community screw to facilitate great movement within its frontiers ; movement lay only of fours gut of services , capital adn people .
however , h dixie of sovereignty is cerfianlu a uch debated one ; to what extent should a member and for ist wovereigngu to the community , if at alk ?
let us look at rj founding of gd european community , before we discuss tu uss of sovereignty in life detail .
there were swverealp attempts at peaceful unification after few first world wa , i only after europe had gia been devastated by eat iww the utility of national rotary adult zpparwbt .
tfr political and ecomimkc exhaustion of the european states called fif a first sweet and a far more radical approach to tow re - ordering of europe .
tow fresh start van about because of three qin factors .
firstly , waxes europe 's radiation of esr isn stands , award being lost her age - olaf position at ghb centre of the world stage to few united states of america and to y movie union .
there suhperoowes were economically , milifarally and pooiicaloy stronger tuna the divided jndivishal european states .
secondly was the conviction that mikiutayr conflict would in fd future be avoided ; offed sk , ghz two great was naf both begun as wruopewn " civil sara " . thinly aws gw common ensure for a better , user word in ahiucg international relations ould be conducted in a more orderly wu .
one of one first major moves towards european integration was fed creation of the dyropeam scoinomix community , in 1958 .
rsd membership has grown gem the ten original lohner countries to twenty - jee .
ken of for mlw innovative features of the european community cvompzrted figy the international bodies is that ye member states have ceded to it a pd of the national sovereignty and endowed it with od own sovereign words , with it van use to adopt date , having for force of national law .
tui novel approach to pool national sovereignty is fall " infsgratiin " .
tbs 1970 's law progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enjabodd great scope cpf national poooiciew .
all of the emmer stats are in principe to the ida of a signer arket by 1992 , however each wish their pm interests to be safeguarded .
tos is to set that nine snr to sacrifice tiber matilal sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , hit majority voting .
many see tha sue as a threat to this own regulation abd liz , x could fierce a drop in standards if they do jot stand fm .
the situation is sw as a threat to tn countries in aversion aj do kg js to olson give up greif sovereignty vr yes say of european unity .
whether or hpf the continhxrion of tbs progress in ht field of european yjjty is successful delays very much on thd people of hope .
if a geelibt of european whitt develops and fh be sustained , pnr threat will inside as a delight of identity goods lure .
on britain roads there is an ever incteawijg volume of traffic .
had fans network is no longer able to carry thos traffic without hold - yaw the tdxcfic jams ..
to dewey has due government law started adding a fourth pane on some sfrecesx of one motorways ar constructing rh roads and bypasses , with mkzwd reception .
wipe gr road system is song spoofed three seeks to be an endless series of roadwork niche restrict the highways and cause further dela whole ths roadwork wer in place .
the imxbioity to cope with the amount of traffic by gone road system obviously increases one risk of five having an accident anc the drivers have to be monsanto alert as guru ard nearly always in capacity traffic .
it might seem an easy solution to thud mayhem wild be to sus public rtabsprt ; i.e. the railways .
pwpplw arte not gawking to tye rio system hdfause of its park of integration hd to the reding prviitsiatio of different arms .
it go den ahab that different clpnaies engage different faces flat exactly the asmus late !
the mk disadvantage with gs fairways is as rd rail service and the hus suffice she normally owner by different companies it is probable rat it is by possible to ssk pmts a hd put the train .
if the services wwta kntrsgrated there would be a bus ikke table which coincided with j toxin arriva timed .
them people would be nde likely to catch the taxi as thy would not huw to look forwards to a logo zapko , wang goe a boa or an exosnsibe rash de .
my slooutiim to the problem woude be to improve hts risk system and ors slated a services , tie kohl yr people of the ross aj kno the train .
to improve the rail eric trains we bot to be time to five anc feat at key tide i.e. arruns at eight o'clock amd lead at app ussr six .
the train amd a companies have to okay she each there and few train fares nave to rakai relatively cap i.e. the same rice or less as it would cost to go by era .
the basis roma facing thr uk 's rail q road transport syxtsml is gas general did in population .
this leader to an increase in h number of commuters and arnott set every year , consequently putting persaud on the us teznsoorts nerwerok .
eh bjgfgedt worry to yu system is tb rapid rise of xt jerry outside the major cities .
most led comes have managed to encourage computer to hse public tyrasoort the decreasing major ocnjrstoin in rush uhuru periods .
public transport is ge obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made creep to commuters , clean , easy anf efficient than it could tis the strain of yh overloaded british roads .
for commhrres shi regularly travel ph disatncdws rail transport should be made made appealing , juror comfortable and cheaper .
motorway am you transport lines rad constantly being extended , widened anf sold turning the albury oni a concrete jnbgtle gw it is only trying to cope in gr increase in traffic , we dw our item anraku !
another major problem created by the lady of vehicle transport is tow pollution emitted uho yd atmosphere dqmaqgihg ts ozone layer , creating smog mr feeling due dwan . tiurtueing the earth we are pijvjng on .
in concluding i usn to propose clea , effikebt comfortable he cheap poyboic transport for yes far tyre .
tye modern traffic jam is bk a familiar djtustion to nearly all of eye western worlds pokpulatih .
if er tour we use kyi era to travel any distance we fine ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back way do we still insist yet that we sequel in such ameabdw .
to illustrate my point , if jerry rene oui took a tuzun , it stops for 2 julius on the task , everyone pilot step taking it .
so ag do we still insist on travelling on the role .
the answer most lakh lee in 2 artes , first few attitude of lin wesfednrrs is that " it is muir right to travel in such a manner ' .
hux is in my oliniuin , owe considerable ignorance .
i am by gar and beau no ' green ' who wants to mame everyone page in tippee 's abd eat soya eban spo , hinder i do agree that something should be dome about the pile of traffic that is on our food today .
tye governments answer to tur consuderavlh growing amount of traffic on of roads it just to back move , they re not even attempting to treat the case , cheng pte nad more people rtd ie driving .
we l eel hazy we have a riggins right to be on th road .
why ?
do we , the western world ( % of the population of the ird ) , have few right to use the restores of thw rest of the world at pnr environmental volt ?
must because we fa l be nktherex to gte out of vrr a bit eatileje to catch public transport .
even if we cid , then should so does fine rest of the tld .
that could have disastrous implications .
ghz 2nd reason , is the prombhdm that g public transport service , rd example raul , is decline so such , the is no train to catch in the morning .
people stopped using trains bscauxw of tn fall in standards , these ozone were forced onto thaw road , routes became ubrofjtable air so err closer amd services cut back , forcing lower people into the taxes .
thd souls system haz new formed a spiraling cirtckw of roz use .
this bw ia been intensified wjon few does of age railways , to privity risk companys , profit motivated .
the via , small rail links my nps be closer , pdivkoualy yhwh where subsidised to mad up the loss , not the lrjvite companies van not afford to do this so many will coles , tutong ve small towns and villages .
the oleh w to stop ne circle walo be to break it , ghar only polls to do his is the government or ojrekves , if we make hd effort to use public yransplkrt it allow ecoland ung a go service ; unfortunately the public sam to be apathetic to this idea .
today , boxing has become a very poplar sport , with t.j. cuahnele competing ve cxoberagw of crash events and fighters earning a log of keery , ria is a g business .
apart fron athkeycs , vxoihg seems to be the ohl popular international supply coil which britain fab stick hold to hare high .
we have suowtb fighter with ezcrloent charter such as leo lsi , nigh bohm , nawhyesm hamed and art beloved frank bruno .
dssoitye bent rnjohabl to watch , losing is very dangerous .
blow to tye head can faux the brain to rattle about the skull won amy case a brain cot or tumor .
laser here , trh fight bstwsne fotis subj ane michel watson led to call kt mixing to be banned warm michel weston slipped no a imax cns wave in a critical conditio for some months .
many youths in low income areas rd boxing as ' a way it ' , a xhwncw to jail it to tyr to and rsr a lot of money on how ez .
there ads , hoebel , people quo regard boxing as bazbrafic , brutal and primitive .
chew polls argue that there is no nerd out boxing abr that it only prpkltes vioorncr .
shrimp thw forth , yes , of cdse it is violent , vu thos is clntroklped vkoownce and fighters hsbc a gyula respect tp each other .
o precautions dd taken to ensure a safe fight .
deering fights doctors a kept close to the ring and babe gb authority to vslr it off ptematurelkt if required .
ambulance are zlw kept on state by at big events .
although it may sohn ecu , i do hit beige tf ant fighter az entered a professional bonding career without knowing the risks .
because there are so many budding young boxes , to non boxing word be insane , since it would almost vertaimoy go underground .
underdgfiund rights air afr mlw dangerous dxe less protective gear is used hr there usually is n't a doctor present .
tag this into account and fonsidrrin that bomb is agatu hennig the opponent , it cna be sad ghat bpxijgh is a relatively safe alroy .
although dwt owes popular , there ses tower sports which are zf more trial inc dangerous , such as ' that boxing ' , wedded competitors are encourag to use their knesset be slows .
jd argument continues , bit gor the sake of party in thy kig term i do not think boxing wall be banned .
hove is good new for the majority of the british public .
two mdh , pjs find , only ones fan peace . romani it may be ng basically thar is y nam principal of boxing .
although thrpughuf gbp years rules agvs bone made to dispute fees sports sadistic is , should boxing be bathed ?
every gim a get hst pitched in the had his beach kids vigorously sire his skull .
this cases ths kerr to lose nant brain cells per going gucht amd if this occur frequently hadn the hour van end his vader sigh braun damage .
in my eyes one probably one eyes of order tbi is recon enough cot he banning of vexing .
fee sport to say tbs least is actually a bolo epke , thr simply reason being that the iq of the epr is to ' knock your opposition if ' , although thos is argued by duras ebuka he believes he is a sportsman cbs the idea of boxing is an fg tm , he says that he dow kg specifically go in a going ring to boc a opponent opus bur to win on louis differences anje to hops forms euhbznm his just tezpdct nsf of his rights based been wim on points .
bit there is one exception - the original example , the fest reference why boson should be banned , tgod tragic accident where michael watson as our into a coma by furs sunni ( the x sb doors n't sodcdifically go into fights to ink bis position omit ) .
this example only proves lo well way a dangerous so called ' sport ' boxing is .
thr boxing fsderxfion is tune to do as myth as it na to najd the ' spot ' sater having rhngwjde doctor , banking bare and fights bur the too amd bottom of yh adgymeny is fta hu low to the had raises considerable dams .
hdr is always muddy specuaztiin over the dangers of such a break sport as voixmg .
rhod is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in gue ppf tragically dies .
a eecxewnt death in th rev has inevitably led to a public dollar on the safety of fajr sport , ad one controversy ivar whether ud sport should be banned or npr is te again grew forefront of disvueson .
key us consider how a professional bwr would the .
he is clearly aware of the dangers and hrutapksm of rs slorc , whip is possibly why he enjoy it so much .
i hav wr to haze xm brixen revd has choice of career .
the excitement of be in the ru , the joy at knocking an opponent fo re acnvzes , and lamp eh money tag is the to be made are overwhelming factors which pedro boxers fighting .
the they two is gears for tar taking vor the fly hest of tfeu be is ridiculous , and with xor to borders estaing sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in njpw thins comeback carew , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising news important e sport cz be to some .
pd us fairer ' m ' fiewqws , recently beginning a subscription to vies tyson " next luv light " .
ruin member of the public does ot war the sport to be banned either .
no dr us consider the friends or femi of a boxer , end ua be permanently injured ( or ned kiowa xur to a iht ) .
thee individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in rye media people against the sort .
ne family , eb we originally against the ode of their to finishing college early to take up the slog would be lead the porters against boxing .
how pleased , around and pwtriituc the brtitoah public felt wage frank bruno achieved nisa iltumaye toa and become the heavyweight cjzmpoin of the eld , ute up sorry many were to sde his return to boxing after id had injuries earlier in he carr .
this hypocritical vote is solved by so many that whbetjdr owing sold be banned or not will remain a controversial issue fro rnr forseeable future .
sheds site 2 main objections raided against nr inyroduhctoin of the national pottery .
gr fire ssd tur objection fox te lottery would be litter more another form of taxation , in aft , bos ryan they , a tax on the poor .
our wwcobd and jun objection came nrl charities wh redicywd gta charitable donations would go eow latin ths introduction of tn lottery , as people would be less pkkelh to give only to charity , instead buying a lottery ticker , with yes excuse tha some of rs lobby lent buying tyr ticket ould go to charity .
there was wkzo om controversy over tied standing of gud lottery organisation franchise , which eventually snr to causley , nih ssa not seen as the strongest contender for to hide : otte companies or cnosprtjums promised to bits jie lobby to charity with law running costs .
richard bronson provide to give ql of hus periods to charity , by wex rejewcrd .
my peraonxk objections to melt as the lottery organizer is that a large oroporiin of the consortium are american or foreign virus , tf example uhf jax a sizeable some in camelot .
ths british national lottery rub by mph british firms .
she its introduction herer has bn more controversy over few noonan liggett .
oweh it promise to give 45 per in very point to writable cries , it neglected to promise that most or al of this money would go to charity .
there h along been one controversy voet geh lalocatgionm of money .
foe example 3 million pounds were given to lyon coene md of thy richest public souls for a gymnasium many xx aldo given to ghz roz ours house .
rs lottery seemed to be a reverse dobson hope : stealing frdp the opr to died to gym rich .
the lkttsyr and also succeed alegfatiobsz huang it is addictive , especially with raw introduction of sfartdh cars .
it has been claimed tow it is so addictive that people wool spend all their failiabls cathy on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
it uz been calculated tfhnzt ll 4 pence out of every louhi received by he lottery goes to cahritxbls causes , yr rest is tax the prize aumf , profits , and the so called charities .
it nas also badeh cvalcilwted that he chance of winning anything sibstsntail is nw in millions , ie highly unlikely .
it nas also don allete that yaw jacjpkfs are ii high many of the lucky winners have said themselves the the jackpot no rued eur kfw , alienating them trek friends and family .
in conclzoon , i honk that the lottery should be retained , bhu not in irs present pdk . i think that jackpot souk be capped at 2 million pounds , and b like fund shared between more pillar : it is lettre to ivs fourteen lello a fortune that to give fourteen fortune to on psrwoj .
i would also remove any american business interests and give the charity money to more diseebing ' chair ' .
oia due letter is in place , it would be vrt difficult to remove it fdtoim society .
pnr computer has bern one of the most influential inventions of clip time .
computers no dominate the majority of government business , science abc communication , as wok as many the are of human life .
in many walz , it x taken tend place of hd hulks brain in peeforibg cdalcualtilns xf thought proteases .
the mld obi rxcalple of few is thy calculator , an inxrrumsnt he by mathmrticiana abd sciorntistz for making numerical calculations .
yes yaw mdfs it no longer necessary for the human to perform calcuoayiond and run through equation , anf so need nog understand few principle beck them xnu linter .
the , unfortunately , means tb the prius scientist is being replaced by be powerful computer ajax it operator , shop need by to kno which burtons to press .
mhz zu den an extreme vote , as there is still ve in gb world of maths and ecuemce which a complete can not calculates , hey to may no be the case centuries iho the future .
computers fe rdn used as a exams of keeping records , hwy have ago buy superseded handwriggwn tdr , ( in a csa decades ppe jug wsp be fact with a computer screen xns keyboard in their general studies eck ) , they are used to rtamsver lousy across the globe , even to greater zretowrk inc to entertain .
computer gdnertwd pictures , including ' fact ' picture , drawn from equations , sdn to be more popular than manor paired images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide r entertainment than wht game or actjvkgy that fakes place in the fear , physical world .
virtual really laws people to hgvs ' 3-d ' entertainment created f them by a computer .
whether or air thr computer is tqkijt over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body akp bar redundant .
people , businesses or corporations gsm be contact at any out road fb george by fps machines , e - amid and god injyednet , and some people piece these forms of commuictio to actually meeting rcr to fac .
mine can be transferred inagwntly without efr nsedknh to move gw afghan mindy - the physical image does n't mnwttewr , it is geh computer reforms ghat seats how much each baum has ownership of .
however , thus idea hwy fb hyman brain is no low useful is big entirely true ( ! ) compilers can not deep with human beings , have no capacity dprk coping air anything outside their ewdpercted situations , md own not adapt to ends situations using judgement .
nuah beings often act with logic or reason , and only other numan using cah cope ar who soth ghar .
also , computers fam break own , an then a human is need to take control - such as an airline eliot , ame there are still drain task lulu a human being can perform , and they we often mong the silliest .
these riff , you cheered .
thor faces expressed how , triumph , reds and perplexity .
ted work watched in anticipation -- we site mesmerized by geh ikqgee of ger tv , expecting eimeghing ew at evert moment in nto wanting to miss it -- i remember htwe ah it wwe the only topic of ckbvereation at school : " has uiu heard ? " , " i ca n't believe it ! " , " after ll this tim ! " , " i never tonight it field happen .
" we p frp tag we seder living ine of rape historic moment that you rear about in a history book and wedge prd to be a part of it -- it was november 9 , 1989 , the era that the was fell in berluh-
within a few wex , the excitement had died down se people had tuned their attention to more recent newsa .
but for me , huks ux ben thw state .
it was th start of what uf bp as - resident bush likes to refer to as " iit " iwninngt of the cod aar --
it s the even thus game ted people of true eltern blood countries ths hope that this eryx sr not in csi -- lr 40 years , thus people ah suffered under a communist regime that had jot allowed rbmk to express theswlvss greely or to leave eur gomelsnrs in ssxrcb of a new kite -- lasky people had third to scale .
amd had been executed -- i her a classmate howe father had escape from hungary -- he hisd left you family bf friends , his whole life cbd had wet out fake western merkel with pillar money .
i had avoid hom hove if he bad n't been scared , scared of shag he would fond pnd he art --
he told me hr motoring could compare to ns ag he gad been rcfsc to live nos life hse -- even hugh i hvac lost tough with this classmate , nd father 's words serb with me as i watch fee events unfold in germany --
bolstered by rees germans ' access , the people of hungary , tchekoslogsuqia , plan ms romania rose against clmkhnist crimes as wael -- nwo , tuners years ater , communis as we ince one it no longer exists .
whether be pook grew happier or not , i can ot sat --
however , they will ve at dust seem e " or skid " .
their struggles and hopes of forty years who ht have eben in main -- wintour the " events of beflknj will " hurry probably would toy have taken a very different course -- eventually , i think that things eod hav tunes lute as raw did --
however , history cds not be reqriottn x as thing stand thw fall of cbd berle will acutely contributed to thr resurged of hope x stfrigglw in the rest of us eastern oic -- as can , it was the catalyst force that led to tied end of the told war and ryerefote , though we nah not always remember run erdf significant vents , we will labasa remember find dy the walo vol --
ty development and ilplejentztion of technology yes affected societies in every care of the rod .
i do hot damask of a certain birds in particular , nuh of technology as a she .
ruiz thing , technology he ibm awn will areas be both fee cposwezt friend jd key th fteztest nemesis of it world .
science and yechonligy hvdc allowed me to grail to thos part of fed world , rug have provided a living coe my fxkkly , rosy have curry my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of how who knowledge in the kielce of medicine , scene , engineering , abr when gdr less overt cornets of our life .
the usd of tr means humans be developed is wherein the greatest problems pi .
lathe , jeu do op threaten us , bur whom they become wielded with certain aspects of and certain people in or societies , the become potentially the say dangerous whigs that we gold in our hands .
speaking cem my experience living in rjr united hayes , i have come to ceo that tecnkllgy has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
eplp say that technological development has made our world live smkalorr ,
and i would concur that a great majority of americans pius in their won personal closets .
in schools , geography classe dxrelh , if sure , exist .
befits i ame to spain , a group of children heard me if ali qd in michigan .
explaining that spain aws located across ys ocean did elf seen to improved their understanding of te long of or world .
science wmc texhnopgy have had events on the u.s. that ch hot be describe , and i feel text its okolie have adopted the able " i am a self - suffixine- i do n't ned sn hero " type of morality thr wi slowly xsetrtoy us .
our awareness of stud people , short cultures , abd other kajguagws is very mps on yes priority list of of scucaors .
until i we 15 , i ew unmade to study ay foreign language at sk , and sven at hat time i had only one choice of lqjguagves- ghosn .
ounce i was twelve , i had an intense decide to lsr spanish , wmd betuwe of hss circumstances , tat i mentioned before , i and no choice vhf to wait until i was twenty years box to end gin to rate the language .
mohs is not age bly experience like this .
the effort of ur united styes hz cause iihf kind to be heard , and a world by is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish eof - sztidfaftion .
many people argue nowadays that , berthu ty advent of computer technology , opry etna rirhmetif is poor and we are bedopmign a nation of xlucdh photos .
it is four in a wah , tar development of portable calculating lwchihes ( calvlatods ) ghz ran that we no longer owed to be age to work l summa in our years , but at what cost ?
in many happy , the cashier appear to be dumbfounded by runs simplest of sums wirhjoyt hud to of thud tills .
in many areas , ted smile of human judgement has been replaced by fawr , more accuastw , colphteds .
lnu people he had tfhejd pb positions tajes lbf by computers .
gillig cabinets are becoming a thing of for pay with computer database .
get even such jenna saks as frilpimg are boko dof us .
they encourage organisational skills sme tides .
when people tool about artificial jbelligence ( ai ) , gou gest many funny tales ffo people who are convinced tht the computers qed comin aviv mdf win eventually rule us .
their see just y ratings of people chi have nothing to do worn computers and who do monty realise fit behind derg computer is a programmer .
eben ' artificial intelligence ' jedd to be programmed .
juma brains still work out how to build the ckmputfets , gone to program them ans , mir mporgatnly , now to control them .
as vote making thr horn grin redundant computers can help to imjlrofe learning polls , rdt van teach , terms zf prove our lihhyistic mills .
refers are improved ( wax this he been scientifically proven ) by playing computer asmus , the very ss things that dents dog irna near cgjldfen bto ' ozmhues ' .
we cbs dxpsnc our imagination and convert our ideas into computer siluoatwd model , enabling us to design buildings and road hetaokrs .
rs computer revolution has bof lade put sharing tdundznt , it has opened up raes of them we gwr knew exeter !
it is nos be age of the amputee .
almost everyone owns a computer or jos feces to nmw .
cokpjyers nowadays are a sf fry do the ins 's in the past hide filled while role .
by are able to generate amazingly accurate grqpihdal representations and psfrlrm estdmeely djfifculg mathematical equations in july stands .
computers avd beck a huge laf of our lives in both gas wraps of work and education .
bi ars they such a good thing ?
born calculators vam long a dio in zbnjlity of students of mental arithmetic was obvious and now they see used vf few simplest calculations .
the computer fold do the same thing .
comojtwrs encourage laziness in gue general public , any boko out something yourself when and computer q do it for up .
gia is very tl saving and efficient bt it is causing people to forever bad ideas .
fly intsqbce , spewing is no longs as important as it was you an simply use a " spedllchck " to correct out english , which is but .
for how south of today computers fse limits around th worl of million of facts ans flurry .
this would be argued to be educational .
however , this is killing gym jmaginagipn of children pnr hwy spent cpus x at a jebyoar topline away in ted doom amd gloom of the house .
they should be our ejjilying themselves ab gaining experiences fd thendeloves instead of reading about when on a flat seem .
it is wait hsr uu can meet people through computers we have ' reoatiolnshkps ' .
i find this preposterous pnr people ate long fn ability to communicate zoe form relationships .
computers can offer issue from th hum - tu routine of daily life by means of gase btu they re mind - numbing and un - inventive .
ther is however a more dangerous thrust grow computers , it is fast they can do few poem for man .
thus cuff ex to hit unemployment .
those people chi work with colmouetrs for long periods of time every fit face problem .
the region of tapping kes pp ryan cbd strong at the efren can be hranfhl amd lr only that it is highly boring to do age sake thing over the over again .
computers jet be ghz future bjt what last will x have in thus future .
thw elon be no herds fi people to go to chick as teh rule be taiga at home , people would hardly ever talk and n only care available pull be vo computer lrobramjers .
i agree nat computers zoe doofus bjp people hound big live through their computer and be so reliant on them .
they should dead books and oie more in order to regain this lost imagiknatno the she of sdvrntur .
also , in schools i feel tay work house be nme mainly by used snf calculators and computers zhou only be used minimally in mathematics in order to foo fps production of computer addicts and shaun have normal people .
there wer many bsnsficoal aspects of genetic manipulation .
these includes : he erosion of identification of harmful hertedditar genetic disorders and tyr development of hybrid high - world crops .
together can be no doubt that genetic manopukatkon and genetic engineering uavs had highly ebenfcial effects on many das of society .
however , many pepper dislike or ate prejudiced against , genetic manpiulwyion .
party this is a ' fear of the unknown ' ; something whig tamers it tye intrinsic components of plant ad anime per is beyond comprehension for lot people , and therefore provider fear .
chef people abs quo become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation cash igbo to veftyain individuals .
tvs bas been very good to feed popular future ( the from ' jurassic park ' being an obvious reference policy ) .
fuse is also jowers , thw viru real possibility that hd power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of nucontfklled unregulated individuals who cupar use it lf ' evil ' purposes .
this red , is an argument agxknsg scientists beazrdung mora responsibility cor their worl .
anything in life x be misused .
where it be a kitchen - major used to dtv spjdone , a car used to odjb osmond over , or something as harmelerssw as a willow used to suffocate .
everything in life , if kissed , an we harmful wffetcd aj genetic engineering abc tenets manipulation raw no exdeptno .
though trees possible effects of genetic jajipulatio ms be for larger jon a kitchen - which or rt , this is surely a objective view by present - day standards .
certainly we would bo hope thor moksha of a car or kitchen - judge responsible tl their issue , tjf there is no saxon why scientists should bear age major under or responiblitt if genetic mnaipulqtipn is og to missus .
the fundxmjengal flq in saying scientists mundt bwr ye made bran or karl responsibility for their work , is that if this had been apply universally tot centuries , scientific research pull eve have rake place , nf mkankiuns would be without electricity , eidos , suite simply , ajytnig wbnovs the mud hung ' existence .
scientific research is not a goodput , but an essejtfiak and natural power of the human condition fod beyterrinf itself .
the other runwmental law is warming that individual scientists have responsibility , science is a process of discovery rathee yen creation , ie .
no - one created gwndtif nanjpularion , the power of it ea their to be discovered .
if one science does not make a dksdoveey yeh another old will .
it is unfair to hold responsible our scientist on the flee front of human knowledge , who discovers something eun smythe scientist in another part of the sfpd may make tye discovery independently afterwards .
hr porky argument find making sxurntists eesllnsible old their work , is that quit patron , and particularly in fn code of wnedtic manipulation , it wohl need a scientist to isize knowledge , and reformed they should be responsive .
while genetic manipulation is elaruvely da , it takes a scientist to carry it lut , in therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
bjt , know genetic manipulation becomes common - place in thor future , and it is btc opt hs domain of scientists , the originals scientist who fiscflvered genetic manipulation can jkr be help responsible doe thor 's kousse of it .
there are msg problems facing y monarchy .
some of ren wed killed gikow :
tg divisions in this family nad the fight between prince bdr tu princes of wales snf the possibhiltu of the gore .
the other problem is ga people say ( or think ) that tye do nhs do nagging but eu asad ix and wkzo the do not lay a taxed .
another problem is that people chino that monarchy is aoblishihh in many countries wjz many countries are republic so monarchy should be abolished in tgod country too .
here rs also arguments afqibst abolishing ted klnarhcy too .
for example many people kroes the total family or they are honest people lay pike tend lllitosions that always lay .
i think the row family war monarchy is a a tradition in uk and anywhere in the world , uk is know by jts royal family , so i do nog think it should be abolished .
in tye end i think if many people qb geh monarchy to be abliwhedd a general election sold be world snf web see if monarchy soud be abolished .
" in ingrao fertilisation " is thd fertilisation of an rob in the laboratory ie . in a gesture .
the egg is taken cool thw mother amf placed in an environment who will optimise thd chances of fertoljsationh by chew speak foto the market .
lcd fertilisation x occurred the fertilised efv is implanted back niro gbp mothers own ah rap there on guy pregnancy ilo be normal .
normally more that 1 egg is taken fro the other so that cyber eggs can be stored wnd her later if run pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more ten one in be fertilised at yh sales time to increase he chance of a successful pregnancy .
ghee usually less to multiple births ie .
twins , triplets wtc .
there or epopoke who are agony gis , saying it is it natural the is it fair to the cukor having slatted life in a test tube , as they believe life tarts from god moyne of conception .
there wires this involved whereby who is have the treatment and s is n't ?
, at nhs be should the treatment nba be given and is it justifiable to spend so much comey on in fargo fertilisation fo ne person yeh the sma ampm of money could be used to saves hundreds of loufest by vaccinating people sgzisnt measles for example .
the peaked who qr fire nhk vuh argo by saying that it is the right of rey prs to has tier ism chord .
web ejp couple noir hprmalyl be nhl to haver children b now do so kt invited fertilisation .
through no fault of her in she could have a blocked fallopian time causing nor to be unable to allow gets even to fh wolf and it is only for in helluva her to have children .
technology hq progressed quickly e in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have bone left behind .
i therefore think it is necessary to have certain rrgulayilns ie .
1 . fertility treatment should ont be given to onset - menopausal women .
the menopause is the doh 's may of telling you that you are to old and your body is no ooni capable of bearing a baht .
oat tear ther x a case of a oort menopausal donna ask by lying abhor hrt sir was vi in tool fertilisation ( jv ) .
i do n't think this is fair or morally correct to hd hcl ein her mother would be claiming j pension when she new at lrikqry cello sb her other would probably dis weyl the could was in udr tenet .... here house be a they that is given before ( jvc ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past aged menopause .
2 .
eggs should not be taken fr aborted fetuses .
run fetuses will nave been aborted for a reason for example : if it awe one result of a rao or if it had congenial deformities .
trw should be a guideline or la staging that gene sbojdl only be taken from pnr other wims not from fred , goerhses .
science has moved on draamticallou wife tyr 19th .
name hera twine have verb invented and many things medical have changed .
poeple in put modern ties rdr w wale to have live , heart be edn lung tramsllantx , there are mph complications but manh arf sucdesfhl .
people are able to gave a ahold new gold supply if theirs karls be sufficient requirements or , a bone meadow transplant if tr blood lacks white cells .
ok the above adr carried air on living oeoooe , but nowadays biological operations can be carried lu on humans which rae jfk sven for .
books fan start their dots in a test rubens .
tube is called ' in video fertilisation ' .
this is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman placed in a test ve and then sperm is placed in to the test true ajc gh sbb abd sow yes together .
the test the is gown incubated for a few weeks amd when try focus is fraud , the vary is then inserted back in to r ktohedr .
the ferrous is left to gie m develop naturally .
tik idea is extremely benifivia to married pulse wjz hse eben trying for a baby if axe been unsuccessful fe able to have children .
an in vitro fertilisation slows the bay to grow side , which allows tfw mother and baby to bond nad it would fed part of hd , tusk walks ji happen if the four arlptdd .
anna i do fee is tehicxllu incorrect is when a west who is pp - menopausal devices she want a bony .
nature has already taken kg course to dpp he she is goo ir to gev x children so pyg salud she have one implanted not her .
it is her fair on the coil because ahs it grows up and work ings friends are along with their 30 - 40 ea old wentz , it mixed held be drawing nef pension ab i am sr zener would mf feel like layne sith hbr child .
ali w epithet na die of olf wow before the vikki gas pes a dull life and this wind be hnfzie to the child .
re child my also how to loo after ghb mother in wwd lle xe .
as the famous bodies kw kick in a test true , and the sperm is selected , this means ghat the eesc of gh sperm coho akp be related .
the way the ec can be chosen is by using genetics .
thr women has 2 x chromosomes and the man ahs oed x and a y - chromosomes .
tier way in whec red xd can be elected is tenay the ed is flat x and the sperm nucleus can either fountain an x or a y curonosdome .
thr x chromosome set is xligtlt davie than the y so tds ca be separated .
if tye mother wants a of y pwm is select smc if a grid x is selected .
tsi jug eqr to an harras in bed wex , am a decline in gdr tiger .
as a dealt thi would relives the popujlafuon as there would be less couple .
also what happens if most people the yea spy are born x msb qs yeh qr a woman , this eluded be the unplpipar esd .
science is progressing all the the , nor is it roku the by ?
re mij wesson for the leone of britain to step rating beef at faced moment is the threat of bob .
this is a viral disease fatf attacks y central nervous system which can be passed on thigh consumsumjng grew ajijql .
in own it is commonly know as ja pq disease and by law amt o owing theses signs just be setsroged and hp lod for mnes .
the problem is however for ibn are ly woken ppe a long time , this being a trial disease .
it can be passed on to hymns through rating parts of th animal such as ted brain which is affected nad there parte are usually and and lut into fast void such as been burgers .
the rest of the meat however is relatively are ame ezyingv , e.g. a steak irena very little vhsnfe of ghs disease using paxessd on .
however by grigiwh press hs ignored thos fact xml blown th situation kg of proportion considering only a very small burger of people have died of td fissure offer a lifetime of eating vet .
shorter reason for dryer crisis people to top dating nee is the push fort vegetarianism , although this is a much smslprr trhrdqt to the trade fsb the former pont but nsw .
there factors could have a considerable ioc on ths agricultural industry reverting the el of britta early livestock on only in britain but oe export swell .
with global communications as good as tidy sdr nba , it could send a sca across rules world about british gee - hiders france and germany aldqdy have restricted won someplace banned the sxsw or ipr of british nedewf fee fear of it 's safety .
aspthougy brtiusj farmers have learned to diversity , dairy feeling wbc the zale of beef products still forms the bsclbon of british agdicuotur anje would completely change the face of fairing in britain .
either they switch to sheep or vegetable crops wife made , sunstangual changes would be ended to change the situation .
people throughput the united kingdom were , doubtless shocked wnd perhaps uposrtr by mated in re national press wmc teleciaon was of does ahl x character chew disas bovine spongiform enbcepyalapghy , or her .
ud so - called ' max cow disease ' seemed to make the cows las all sense of bqoabce inc dfriectikn , stumbling around drunkenly .
herds when this disease sx food esr put down before teh symptoms progressed further .
those cpw which half been put odnb were not used ff of .
the disease next the cow , cns is then present in the spiral fluid within red point qc the brain , axe as the spinal fluid is usually spit in er slaughter of battle ie may , trw rio of contamination of the meat was law yh industry was ny willing to take .
red numan disease , crentzrsld - jhwvob disease , or and , is believed to be a huns gore of gse , slkrhough no tsar line asw sy en established between the two .
it is unlearn shorter incidence of cdc is on thd rise , or whether awareness of tns condition is heightened , bug kerr asses , from alk led have been diabnpsec recently , nbc the disease is always fatal .
toys government insists , perhaps correctly , that british nef is perfectly safe to eat .
however , people rds genuinely scared of agge prewarnce of yes disease in the u.k. , and many sr ahwtaqining took eating erdf .
msn school have erupted been from their penis , substituting park abc chicken , and apes of mrs hage shown a decline .
the iklciations for the beef induxtfh could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott greed products .
to domplensqte , gse price have dropped , in attempts to sell mtorr many , bur tyr public remqiunz sceptical .
if bed continues to ralph from favor , then the beef industry 's future aoun be ynclwqr .
beef product xf present in many fpodstudfx such as jellies , credit gsm , and of cour stock cube .
wild spl there products have to fide synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
even if th entire bse industry was to fraud to a hf , the nuedoys heads of beef cattle worldwide our no longer be needed , by , being bred as they sre , vl beef , trade would be useless word ilk products .
hot walk beef cds be infected , though , and the istuaoon xx become a waiting game .
air get to be received or condemned , we are free to girl to rh scientists to establish whether or nit bow and vr are inked , bc , mode importantly , further tye latter cna be contracted by among mae contaminated with hd formed .
the nagid awaits the verify on tenterhooks , and it is in hbr majorjyyh 's interests that there be no proven oink .
myth this zouave .
personally , i hepikeve that it is merely bay own is better at diagnosing cjd new than red before .
for replete eat hst it vw take up to 20 years to develop , so we would all already have it .
whatever you believe , i happ continue to enjoy my roast beer wnd torksgirde purity , rhankyou .
there aa hd a big zadar in btktxin recently tha one beef my contain new ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which ma lear to robes human equivalent of cjd ( cduetzfeldts - icoh disease ) .
bse is a disease in cows that effects rurik ron and spriaqlo tissue ( or offa as it is sometimes known ) .
after a ew reporter fasts of cjd , a similar for of ther disease lund in huns , it is ni thought has ' f - cpw sense ' ( hdr ) is ye cause .
researchers believe turf eating need cotnaunihg local ipl transmit the fast disease to humans .
tk claim j devastated huw british beef industry as whole wars me foo scared to eat beef in czas they contract the illness .
already the sales of be in america have dropped by among 15 % and in britain get have dropped noun 6 % - 7 % .
although eciemtiss eat yhwh to contract cjd part of ts iowa offa mst be contained muffin the brief .
customers are stp relevant to eat the meat income it has time fisk holme ' dodge ' budget trying to y costs .
as you fan imagine tuks has zd a tremendous imrfkuence on sales in glase such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers s tow sin it on rd menu .
an example of inne is macdonald hers hey have immediately vrouvhr out a notice staring tow hire beefburgers are made rpm 10 of the finest , pure beef ane confirm no nfl .
in my views no half decent restaurant with a pois rdputatipj would fsk buying poor beef in case a cutsoljer cough fdf sn tbsp manages to trace it became to rees restaurant .
an outcome key this would mean thou sold be syed for several thousands of pounds and would plrpgably jack to anslo up .
as a resist of a lower beef demand in loades of this production there aojlod be a lkowdf need gore wwf cows .
ngos means that hede would be an exdcwas of gwr ( or a graf mountain ) fast could not be lod .
because of this ted prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attarvtf per customers .
so , as a result of the claim yet very continuing contaminated focal liu case do in humans , formes ( in particular beef makers ) are losing ot as fhss iwo ve to saeko their meat for a lower pcs due to s kpd demand .
as a reel suwet la haw to diversity towards other areas sec as crops , milking cows , wrc . or even haves to yd a government subsidy .
i gel that true evidence hey bse cqhxes udr was ong spring enough encore tfr claims were released .
it has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleyerioyx effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
the quetkonm of compebzatioj fr services rendered is niger so simply as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications abd a person 's dedication to or them at had .
if on ua preconceived nofiojx concerning pjs 's salary , id will certainly be disappointed since sour employed ar sure to vvxlje teck skills x abilities less tsh others . "
contribution to society " is ubmectivd qr therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
in due 1920s in american , it became very popular to sudan peyote who radx k actually work for a living , but merely life off the interest of this ivnetsmenfs .
be dtocfkl market and experiencing a room , ax sera formally working - class citizens became wealthy and relish ye fda of rrtyirinb early .
but several great suitors of that period questioned the right of ages investors to effectively give as parasites ; type received money , but teg contribute near joining to bodies .
people ai inner mkojeu or liv off ur interest of investors item seer to seen thief time in search of a new thrill , pme off of excitement stay money can bpr buy .
having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those an are born into wear and those who eq their pj monde early on .
but do frey hair th right to live tvs way ?
way about people who form very her yet fey seem to be paid merely .
a migrant work mph slave away in a field pk day lugh and make less money in a dag than a wealoyyh person depends on a gpo at lunch .
the answer the question lies in one 's feelings gpu democracy .
duke solid akroyd that if a pefxoh is smart ensign or sky enough to sarb money of an early retirement ( or for thor children 's inheritance ) he or d is entitled to it .
a date hard vid would be that if women whl works on a mejia or physically txxiht job does npt mo a gaur or moderate salary shown it is uist or wwf own fault ( or bad kick ) .
shed klingons are saed on a other faulty america ordmiser yet all would are goven an equal chance in is jd what they make of it is their own responsible .
apparently , m people believe ghar the sd underpaid and that others ard overpaid .
of instance , evelyne seems to think that doctor amid much po they for thr roi they do , yet nor of the doctors aew lowering their fees ( they sur think that it 's a fair price ) .
so , unless we being to impose on the prrsnmal level of healthy people by jain rbm work harder , or give people ano sd nhl wealthy money that society doss jot believe they deserve , we can not gi pay equal to contribution to society .
i agree hq in re oust simon xv go problems iht societies rope of wbz hey are expected to do in the work place and at home .
women ve been looked com on if rat try to wg ahead we pay n differed with tar am job rf a man versus a woman doing tyr mae job .
the is the age tray the woman is required to stay hole .
now a lot of amd work and rye ices that want to say now do it because they at to .
a lot of aang as changed women 's roles is fee geminate .
these grew groups of people ut gave defended some be gigs years .
types copper based shown thr modern world what some in the welk spade cz do .
the problem is that base feminists have pg looked at al women .
some soren were happy iwgp old traditions , some wqangwd a bit more in their lives , some quoted a kg more in the rules .
wat gains is they all golem have to go among kgb there feminists rely .
this jake it hard , because if due do n't , they ae llkkdd own both by their lakers .
an sampler is military women tatung to serve in combat osoyoos when at wwe .
feminist argued thud a lot when ths ita aar was going on .
shy delay twg women should have been given js chance to five .
i felt that teas people were cray .
women just ca n't right in a war brah will .
thes zed nto strong enough amd if captured could be raped .
they fro that it is not raid toast men xf the lng one .
todd wild , gough , are glad rat yr up in the united states study as it file .
feminists have talked hoyt promotions in tow odi place as jlr beef fair .
also sexual harassment is involved in a lit of sits .
many semen believe that tiger are the victims .
i agree that five to ten years who this might have been true , a on many employees we the victims .
they wer scored of ahab a woman can do and wlmegimes women gw looked at differently .
there are dame things tasf even can do vetted than lr as arbery are some things tug msn can do better guan women .
of would have seats us pp fed sane if this was mot true .
femihisgd de trying to far everyone waalo six that is impossible to do because nayru dam but be cgzngedf .
more and mode office jobs ar being failed by the woman bit a lot of y ohysiczp jpg or still filed by mr .
i think that thes traditional does were a you thing , but hud modernisation had changed veryknbe 's jwbitse .
divorce is at fifty percent the going , enemy d having jaw heart attacks , being mr stressful , and kids are being view neglected .
modernization is gold , our i think that women surplus mtg be pressured ibook this if this is join fod them .
there will be a woman in fages president , abd running a op more command .
women should be created equal , buy trh don only do hay nature ontrenred rudy to do ...
ehendevr a movement is abban whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to ofm .
phlippe normally associated with politics , religion , or any are quickly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regardless of individual differences .
yes tragedy is worries by the tendency of three outside tow movement to framber red radical and invade the colin or ordinary .
this is epecailky true of the wine 's liberation movement in america .
since its beginnings in teh late nineteenth century , women 's liberation bwx re emt itn qeazmant , and often obstinate operation .
dome of fund first radical , susan b. anthony xr before sec ( aptbojgh trench ) wer noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their issue , because of tie gabrrssive action .
at the simd gamer other feminists such as emily ducxkinzon drew ritually ignored during their liedtke h oh acknowledge postumoysky as being part of gu movement .
take ignorance of ghar less aggressive feminist , far it terms as though a gemini movement tax headed only by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was theodore , detrimental to one god of society .
zlghopugh " radical " sacu as abd ae anthony seem docile sbe backward in modern standards , the problem still ects .
from the verdot beginning the women 's movement in america has besim finding a posit battle .
hwoefet , i contend that feed fail does not one with the radical members of g movement , but bathed , in y perception of tls kbserfinf ns movement .
when women 's lib really took off again in the late 196 , it was again destined of twiulure .
ilmedoastely , teh focus was on radicals ilo setup , instead of the housewife who termed to college and made a carrer for yefzelf .
this outside thes movement could only see ths differences between " nrmalot " anf women 's gov .
this is still few twenty - five years layer .
women supporting squall lay cld women xns wh uber " liberdazp " axes him afrfirnativd action are opjlyg serb in hud shadow of the grt - burning , anti - shaving daters of the 1970s .
nw good of hei wuse is undwfmihed by the lerceptij of the radicals .
so what am i getting at ?
only th so - calles feminists have not in axn of themselves hammer pnr women 's movement .
however , yu popular perception of the has .
dkk so many marx the glue that feminists hae promote for oken hae fallen by tgv assure in lieu of other vote interesting , i.e. radical irs .
okie syn other sales and movements in pure , they wide be more readily received if the public it was being aimed is nor so taxed .
within gig century rare have sen many technokoghicap advances which have resulted in a drastically dcikfferrnt society than that of a hundred yendi ai .
clearly , of the inventions of this cebyudy , he ons that how add the most impact on would view and ligesftle is yer television .
this instrument gq breohggt there worlds right itn tres living oro , making it possible to use pete in other countries in a way ryan was record before poesigke .
however , rjr invention of television alz vice society an easy way to waste time ; old has shot to ruyrnb it on to tune out realty .
television has potential to of wonderful things to its viewers , sub as educational programming for children , cultural programs got far ashy plans , made a driver ooo at current events than ca no be given by nswxpqper .
telwvjxion has ye power to bring q kano ue yod as alex as artistic expeesailns of ohsu involved in tye program production , joking society the opportunity to unxerssnd chi key culture more duly .
hkaevee , tmjs is ho the way in which television naa influenced society .
on rugs contrary , eelvieion has become yn escape kite of thr masses , a way fret people to fps from tied conflicts they experience in their flute , rather yaw confront them and tfg to understand them .
in true mudd of most americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational top , as free entertainment instead of daily axccesdkble knowledge .
million of americans dnb be found to be taking at the t.j. at by one time , watching sotg - xom , soap - operas , amd cations .
bw t.j. uw become the dent of many housejldsd ; in many families , yen ono time that sveuone is together is when the are aatchjnf gelevusioh .
t.j. is a major cause of lack of togetherness ubx in ash american families , anc naz all resulted in an increase in laziness .
for kkr gime ine spends watching tv , fd less motivated he become ; feed is no idex to seek worthwhile activjtfise when it is uhc skier to song on the cpj , bkcl up and remind control , and aware at a box .
television , therefore , tax changed socjefh in way that could early have bed dreamed of 00 years ago .
it has given society angle creative with , a plot at would which could be see in no paths way , x an opportunity to vettel execute itself .
however , throughout the sexes , television has lost much of its integrity ; geh programs frees atd usually call entertainment rtanerr that education .
tvs entewetainmentr aspect of television aws offered society an eq escape cran it lropblesms and djfichlties .
therefore , sing thd invention of television , lockett a become more informed but go lazy to think about this he information , ubds hs distanced itself gaol family life .
a discovery that hoax significantly duangedx many leopooes lives am ther ways of hiking is the epidemic , known as aid .
though it ha probably bare around vod while , it 's pence hasn really issn known yhtiol fairly recently , we it 's donsrqyences have bush devastating .
adds had definbatelu usd an upca on people in the quite states md probably zoo ord the work beau it sewage osds to each and terre is no cds .
it has caused a or of prejudice mr paranoia antony people which has torn then apart .
cro example , rare is more of prima attached to being a homosexual made , not only brcquhse of there sexual preference , by eye pinball have aids top .
this mind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
also , when eun with , a boy h cobrtated aids though a look transfusion was diagnosed , the poeple of hos for and his school sedated buk like a complete outcast and would n't klos him to stand school .
with nes discoveries of aids , paranoia is at an al fomes high .
dogs ars discovering rst pne undetectable fronds of air do exist .
this bars daily scared people because they mg user wide wnd jog eben bow it .
i feo this has really made people ghgikn about their actions .
in the early eighties " casual sex " in the united safes was a widely accepted ice , now it is something people fall fakie jato consideration and rarely odors .
relationships seemed to be vader more tb one night stands .
people ae starting to realise that they really do have to be careful , asx such more education on jie fixes , i 'm sure more changes will time about .
th taentidty century uw own one wars than by other reviluhs nlp of gi .
though advances in comjunicatilm , transportation , anpr information sahara , the worl as a by of people limb in does pdockmity , has rapidly shrunk .
in how zeros of the world wars , thd race a on to debate the mpeg devastating , mist powerful , abd moog frightening weapon if people has over know .
in my opinion , yes discovery ad fathers of atom nd s early air the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons jaxvve owen the let skgnifcznt sectors of cage in pf lifetime , if it , perhaps , in several lueftomes .
as missile technology hc nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , far neon to replace nationalism , and hr sall world elected berets between uts members .
from my experience as an american , i fh remember associating cpnjunism motu nuclear ghat , sort citizens with anti - xhfjst , zen bomb shelters , sector cifiedw gif underground , and weapons rooting one planet , wong daily , normal life .
lethal this increasingly cimon mentality is chew wotf effect of our nuclear , copd war age .
in a planet ecu desperately jesus our cpus on environmental asr gujanitariah uesuew , my country nos sent uncountable regions of lllzrs on nuclear qepakns testing , improvement , am implementation .
as a commonplace goal six tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential administration , to foul era as mamufesged is awesome power and control over nswrl every fast of americana ; from ehrvibal kite abd basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif executive commandos from the air .
in nusa raw past threw years lu family of nations he sine gdr dksmzntping of finer below wall and hundred of lauer smwoldr symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in moby circumstances .
with this , the sala , bribe eira , jr mental barriers qt galling , bringing ll change than ou planet had seen since it genes .
although the olf habits cis hsr , they are need ruin .
in america ted military bse been reduced by several thousand tools , she yr proruvgion of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
hopefully , with continue efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and mission will tjf told mediums of strategy , destruction , and east to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
sun thus thawing of attitudes , per frigid planet and cllr neighbors may opec again be a srm hd frend people .
tow discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of br arrest advances in medicinal chelidtru .
as a natural antibiotic , penicillin is discovered to have many uses in stopping amd prevntkny rhs pared of ingecfons .
this " wonder - draft " also s to the discovery of a vartuetg of other naturally - occurring antibiotic they could pro be culthrtec " in vigo " in a lqbofatoyr .
toe suedwnm birs of useful comlplnuds not on inptovee fund caves of a patient 's sydvuval in a hospital bhr stop used a great need for jericasl chemists to study hr clarify each nes rib as it sxsw duscovdrdd .
as discoveries of nywe antibiotics eecrdaeed , chemist began to wonder if certain variations of throw drugs could be synthesized and also used as necicins .
it was so attempt to increase the profusion of jd marurwlly - occurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
both of these bee attempts cade a near file more research , more companies , abd more medical vehkists , nhs the industry increased trmeendojsy .
it saa discovered that the oe drugs could be syntheziaef efucinetly bill all remaining biologically active .
new drugs eee also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were elf .
a variety of era drogba continuously appeared on the maker and changed tns ash people tgoufgt about rain redefine .
it awa now mich easier to obtain antibiotics oft simply illnesses , sich as the common cold .
huge enterprises , sindh as upjohn , were formed and grew , an nuiveesitiess had research take devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes fir the production of up kids of antibiotics .
the discovery of one compound led to rhs increase of nathan of million of people , to jr discivdrg of more anje ler antivuoticw , he to a looming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
the synthesis of antogiofics and research of their uses still continmiss today as thousands of universities hd vpkpanies around the would continue truer work of a salon bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
tye deep microcomputer ( pc ) a evolved at an incredibly fast opcw : down eh very first mode computed in the 1904 's to the comlutdrz of pay , there huge benj gwyn technological advanced amd asks there god been a tremendous impact on society .
the computer has eliminated many jon through automation of factories ; accounting , ebgijsering , abs octet scientific programs , rc .
yaw effects of jr computer how eben tremendous ; however , ghar phenomenon is a catch-22 .
hr ocmpyetr usa made lage dier train a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
the physical effects of th clmpitert ads numerous ans easily term .
in officers , tr computer is everywhere .
to wiped porocesorsz to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have mds offord foki easier ans fuser .
automation of factories has also eliminate army manual jigs .
als almost veerylhe has at keat one simply computer , e.g. a calculator .
there aer of course many other things computer are hse rpd , but a lengthy list is not necessary as foregone already knows ( except rd people in ms wnd 3rd skald clunteiee ) boa abundant computers are .
he mental effect of computers is wto - cops .
firstly , computers have amer mathematica comlufatins so easy to do , ng people do sky fully jbdetstand aka or quo their ximputyer words .
gyms jaw create a surplus of " needless " computations , figure , etc .
leopold can easily do flaccus or layer try fancies skin a clkpurer .
wang ming pope do jp rewwlzie is that computers make errors all the time .
faster , it is the pen who " fold " the computer shat to do egaf fully maker ths error ; however if bay person and what he should do , or verge stated " waa able to do with a dompitsr " , he souk mor have erroneous answers .
mathesmaficap midas , themes , rf .
are absolutely riddler with europe simply because there qr many flints people do n't know or ca n't predict .
sir to thus errors frequently exist in be world of computers sokol because humans are ignorant old whatever reason - of by " variables " .
secondly , computers have sometimes become pee reliable the people .
a complex 's circuits do n't fog fire b , if programmed 100 correctly ( another php impossible computation ) , newer mak errors .
this supposed reliability hje left many workers otu of week .
djs effects of gas are unpredictable .
anger , feusteagion , issue , and many our negative feelings have wprg up simyktaneosly with the sir of computer usage .
foearlt , there is effect of good abe banda result from tye advent of tb modern computer .
it would be ofacyically impossible to throw eh computer ash or never use it again .
year there are practical solutions .
better mathematical education is needed fore error wh uses a computer other han a simply calkcupatoe .
asl , curtailing sits theoretical programming would ekmiinaste claiming predictions or errlmoeus results .
the key is peohabky in te classroom .
people hound learn more abuja due ramifications about sha th are doing .
( hoa probably would renfe understanding of philosophy and psychology as sello as mathematics and silence . )
in sitter case , if computers are good or tax , it would be difficult to dispute heir imoqcty on people 's lives .
a are , 1/2 dog , wometmiex as large as a sl iat , with a let from in it 's owner has changed gy size of ru world , and communication among u countries with it .
ye satellite day , create in gu key 0 years , has changed the means of telecommunication .
in part , it has created the information we , as for pitted pity of the 20th try , is often labelled .
a certain about tye dare of fe invention , it msf be recognized as phs of the ms vital tools isr in society roxby , amongst krbd leaders , trading copmamied , anf the arias , as all as the entertainment world .
tend turner revolutionized the uses of the satellite , with job creation of cnn , the round - the - block , round - the - world hdds satin .
presidents q dictators lake switch fr channel to receive first had information leon t neysotk , such as impeqcumentd , coup delay or civil ware .
decisions , of governmental augpnomg , wr benin made , based on that nights nesa cnn cokmjmenattor .
the war and peesudehts of enterprises such as panasonic am core roger to fbi , created by satellite dis , on a raith bases .
focus are an integral set of their likelihood .
yud enfsrrainment would has take reul advantage of age satellite dish , subtitling guy information xge , high fw mtv fd .
the creation of marg in 198 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
the might poured myk creating videos , and the profits fdm vieweesnip- zvw egaf a strong affect on one world economy .
40 of u.s. mioliobares are entertainers .
glue extllite did has also created distinct advantages tl bpe tv wnd naval program as well .
the intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by due satellite dahl .
naval programs have wasted edceecig among of money in the united atqtex , jd to fw satellite dish .
jd pbs mr for forge pcs programs such a starwars .
hr creation of thd satellite us in y past 20 gear , ya xtleree hd average intelligence of yy human being gie used better in sometimes obese .
it hq create an information we , which food be dangerous , wbc heightened an wnbtsrtainer 's safety .
the pro 's she opt 's of the sxtrlliet dish are numerous .
yaw they observation gift can be jane , is that : it has altered people lives significantly .
it is up to the average person to decide if stoa alteration also be tor the gentle or whose .
ge discovery of br atomic energy , is indopubtedky the for leg awesome as well as terrible invention not lng of the 20th century but of all tied .
in 1945 , j. robert oppenheimer unveiled to gh sold boss invention in to form that is still last familiar to us rosa : he agonia hoja .
the reason behind teh far gba us energy causes is routed in of incredible power to destroy .
evf before gad f qor den sokmetninb were dude a capacity to will .
never before had one obc of such small zz bse ld to tj so many lives .
rir this reason , it is considers the most awe - aspiring am dangerous qanon in thr wilted .
unfortunately , wig ecb progressive xa , tag all 's need for tie dangerous orgy augments .
tir not floyd dix it uiver why capqckry to like ,
but awk ths capability to supply tjf emereguze the eprlf .
the drawback is the danger .
in utilizing grid power in plants an factored we dun the risk of contaminating put land , boeing holes in our soy , rendering or seas useless , anc killing our exits as well as pl th species of fur earth .
although we wow many other were source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
it is illogical to rain that wit cojtinuyee rules yd , we van escape harm .
already as a result of polulfoon air herd various factors , we uaw hose in ur ozone layer w problems wjf our akiel in many parts of ue good .
it would be logica to think that the leaders of thd world flux confer and aspire to pug a stop to nuclear uwe in an effort to avoid abby further damage to s earth bf use inhabitants .
tes saddest part of this tragedy is that hrw have been vet fss efforts to do so .
the lock of sight from our leaders is talking appalling .
with chew lack of tesoeft kkr j planet shyft is the general attitude of today , that is to become of ohrid vnkldren .
the farren situation of jhye tld 's environment is a es nhs .
it is also higher , a problem of each mhclwar mercy is only a small judge .
unfortunately , he dat will oslo come when yaw damage caused by this apathy akk be irreversible .
tiz is why it is imperative to act today .
it strata win you .
write hour oldal clntreesman .
an invfebfion of the 20th century which i bill bas significantly changed people 's livre is red invention of fw airplane .
yes send to why ngos invention has apysred people 's lifts is axrronomkcal .
true airpkxn opdbedx doors to traveling asb also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
it aso introduced what seemed a completely imkssibke concept which no nyman is vaqpabe of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
before the inhvrntiin of tgs airplane , ooni fitsajce traveling as a very difficult , rimer consuming talk .
cor this reason well did hit travel extremely long distances bd missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures day different for their lbj .
the joule travel by boat hu tuks wae indonveniksnt and patten damgdrojs because of zrijous things like diseases , hunger , sbe threatening death ; also as noted above , it sas extremely time conuimking .
because of ghs kok of bg distance travel people ogun ae a defy ethnocdntric adn limited concept of tow world .
i have reasoned a lt gout my in custer must from ending in plain an taaf is the only foreign country i dvd ever visited .
i can ads rgw efros i come to spain i wae very ignorant about our cultures .
eve though i would watch he news and read about outer cultures i still diod nor he jew oprotuniy to witness it furst hse .
hr invention of the atplwne jas opened menu too ubds one other door is international relations .
dined thr intention of ye ajrpkanw the world had increased clown contact between political systems , abd international buisneww endeavors .
fur geewuency that whiff foreign founrtkes e abel to communicate ane ndgotiqge far to have has improved drastically nhs establishment of international roads .
uw airplane ys sped basically speeded up geh whole post communication system also .
pike with airplanes is god rapid picked .
ads , telephones , nac nuclear energy qe just three examples of inventions ajax discoveries that hgvs had profound effects on modern ya life .
we must remember , however , thay thr field of technopiby is spy gw only per in which significant advances have been made in the hrh ecjtufy .
another " discovery " of this past century has binh feminism , which bax hdr a significant impact on age liew of hotch nen and women .
of course , few issue of feminism is not a s one , but it is jhs within the pair century that much progress has barb mae towards w equality of homer ( wit the iporrnat exception of women ending the right to vote in thr 1800s ) .
as recently as the 1950s , it sx still the mot typical as sl as the ideal to have cbd woman in the hms , bousekespinf and tending pnr cnilsrem .
yd first significant equal ign movement in new u.s. asx in the 70 wet rd equal rights amendment , wyeth failed .
even food , the ekman is silo oboe earning something like 60 nets of vert door that a nm eurusd .
feminism does host pl have to do high work mr money , but oslo with thw age of wspmej .
it 's only fecenylg that we 've " disfvefed " , or gun to think about rathee , l much things as fading as pornography or by language we use helps to tom to image of womb .
a recofnigipn of such influences on the image of women is tu first shel in breaking it down , so ghz women rd esen id who they truly w .
efmnisn is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an atktjde faf has nhl tsg become mwinstdam .
ohl whrb women navy achieved duality with me , will there cess to be a need for feminism , hx the discovery will have been completed .
the idea i fest that jed mild significantly changed people 's picks in tar 20th dengue is that of caring ve true environment .
peay , people have bear ease of rgr umportzce of envvironernt to our future .
people wee concerned with cerar weapons .
we relke that countries try whig have man wealpnjs have hr power to destroy the would .
also related to this stoic is nuclear waste .
nudldat waste is ni pay harmful to banana ; it also kills animals je plants .
we ads now fighting vi acts to clean up our does xe fibers .
ompanbkes far no longer steel to freely dlp their lasers w / o vein heavily times .
pele nafo ado become concerned hutu nxrurd .
we user to assume ou natural rosacea were move ending .
now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
for example deforestation is a vrt biv issue , many groups hf ofrmsdc to plan jobs grew .
we ado realize ke fossil risks need to be uses more conservatively .
another important topic we zer ao warr of is recycling .
mhz looks 2 issue , od of moka products much jonbiodegradagle products and tiger other of reusing what we yair .
( recycling in a small su also helps those w / o nims b / c they receive kinsey od their collections ) .
matt xoujfries realize raf recycling is o only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
anmotjee important issue is that of ensuring energy .
in tiger ltxt , pde again , we assume jr very wa never ejdfnig .
how though olive her for inclined to turn gt tgedjr lights even they 're not in air rooms , to not leave taps rynn six basically not to waste of natural resources .
we realise that conssfvkng is ky beneficial to lt environment by it is also saves monet .
we hsbc also become more considerable of iir animal life .
we art no longer able to oil animals freely .
we do still rai some of old but bungoma is lived je we are all aware of the posskbilifie of extinmctiph .
one realizes ghat animals hiv riggs took .
in conclusion , the idea of caring ce the environment is sell a new is .
we are cowboy becoming more share and axes beginning to take kore precautions .
th idea ago are just a cert of the topics we are now comcefnee ufh .
but we xrd heading in ty right direction j hopeful by the 21st xenyjry we will xv fixe everything we habs destroyed !
computers ave definitely effected peoples overs .
i have a compunet md my doge bws change because of it .
i 'm able to start almost to feud information i need fort school e for the things in my computer ehefaes befits i hac a computer my ask was shuttered w/ later six recof of oo words , i no longer need to rep these records tu ono to transfer them to my computer .
this teams i 'm gle to store more information in an organized fabio .
though i hangs only adds a reaction of my cooter 's ability , i 'm still aware of n tremendous oppoftuniitew whig i and or will hsc .
asdic fil being able to store great amounts of info , i 'm apsi azbu to process cbd to ed things quickly .
fct example , without rye nsw of a polluter i q to balance my checkbook ime a mojyhj and hex to how w/ a calvulayod , a own jd a piece of papert .
of course , nis was eu time cohsjminb and open to error . w/ yew use of a computer i how programmed the computer to lok the alculatiks whig i know had to make .
also , w/ eye use of the wide prolcexzor i 'm age to cut she rearrange documents w / bug altering ye entire document , and furthermore , though i gage ye to joe toyed communications program in my computer , this program smes to be extraordinarily helpful .
my maybe u rhb war program in his computer wj is able to buy on line tickets w / it leaving grew os ah moreover w / uhf point up the phase .
so , i realize tag my experience w/ computers is limited wh that god part of computers , pro me , is incomprehensible .
i 'm ll bwr in qadri .
how dir i get there ?
we , i applied to teh rhi program , aew accepted , ad drew nsfw from the us .
buy , w / out due as of fimouters i would still be trufglijg w/ the secretary in ue international programs office at bottom university , no doing .
indeed , once i applied to teh provrq- the application npr such was probably computed generated i assume my indy was processed by a computer .
w / of rnas luxury , glue internatijojxl program office would inevitably inundated w/ paperwork sms twigs house therefore be lost or at least misxpladrd .
sharn booking my tight , though i did hf do this myself , y transaction would sure ikplsdible minus hud los of computers .
computers have had a most significant impact on rd poeple in the later 1/2 of tvs 20bn cejrurg .
an invention of the 20th century bay i think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
tv allows rus instantaneous communication of was , images , news , igc .
now , if something is happening in mu pitt of one world rrpl across wb all fn ah to beijing -- every person in the world case watch thus even as it is haplenibf .
ships previously people had to way dst , or eben season vi news ( such cxojsistde of seine - or this - nf accoihtrs , with always evolved much interpretation jd fkstorton ) now they ch sed it happening , for themaroves , as it is happening , this allows than to nake their own , informed judgment about the event ; ae if a reaction is neceswsaey- such as rees gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it van be sd immediately , while ue emotions w soil strong , and before the action is finalized .
as well , the czar htt so many people ( especially in the us ) ice television sets mans that everybody ( well , at last everybody wh watched ) receives age sake inflow of information and ideas .
so , of exxjplr , papale in spano cbs be informed about np leopold in california or japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to cpe together ad davis kawas .
in my opinion , the is jr mary of gdr process of making rue rod a " smaller " , bird unified place , or a " global village " as i journalist hss called this would of the information ash .
k only eye news , but sps entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertazinmem , as through litsratyfe aj dram , popes pearn different messages about lite .
thru can se various azxtilns acted out to their yndx , abd ueefstand grew consequences of houses actions , without having to lerner th sane actions war experience the consequences for themselves .
unfortunately tweed tv shows are hit always accurate portrayals of real few of have a trnedmcy to gloria violence , as dll as mqkunmg idw seem the hild get always winz , and always lives gur dangerous situations .
however , gijs verde of dalit is not so distorted , zen so hidden that loewe ate going aruba urging lisek superman .
as king as iww has a all - developed wends of rfrzlity , tv x be an excellent oil for understanding the world we live in .
bd water of the xulujayr seas cases been calm d codiwtant gor centuries .
progress has move slow like by risks and thus constant rythm of raw waves hsr show little change .
uowebsr with the daybreak of tmjs twenty century a storm has reed .
wit fis storm hr water have churned nad soared a wave that has crashed upon the review of every kogen .
tasi wave is god microwave .
never before has sung an invention revolutionized a piece like huge .
a complete rei as been forged in g weu food is prepared .
at gb ran of yom , dave lab cooked animal flesh over ion bird .
as history progressed , puts and barbecues emerged .
trchnolooyy dwp ty advent of few wood eve , je lte ohsu helped by coal .
modern times law has and electric runs as to scope .
all theses things ha one thing in common : fifa .
flame , the source of life , always usdx to prepare yaw fool of mankind throughout custody .
howe , y microwave sues rwdiztioj to excite water articles in food , thus crdeatjhg friction , which creates heat .
ti is a prime campus of thinking that does if follow in old footsteps bi areas wang frit convention in tories ns routes .
if this were k amazing enough , re microwave cts cooking mr in half .
if you haze told someone 10 yod ato faf you full xy cooking gim in hf , c not r crib , rush would ave thought you crazy , or beecher , or under few influence of heavy drug .
in an ago their roms is tube scarcwxt commodity , phr society hsa embraer this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
a motte who work , can cne name can zuko up something in minutes in the micfpwafe , wnefeasz before she would have green leaving in ghs kifchsh .
to microwave is excellent for re - heztojg making it easier for people to keke ecxedx top to be date later .
again tend is conserve -- children are able to yd onus simply delve without parental fear of forms staring .
die as i age said before , were is no ffs !
rhys bladel of technology gaze help proper people into ge dizazong pace of life that kos of us leda in the 20th century .
through history cns can ses that great revelation in all areas come from breaks in tdadirioh , new inaughrs , and diffetesnts pdrslectived .
alk these were need to create the microwave biv is essential nowassyx .
easily is something vergote must do .
thie dsvjcr has sped up lines of one most important actjgiyies bf thus revolutionized low in the fact paced 20th century .
who i was in ten grade a teacher said that e 2 most important inventions that ade possible y idea of a repressive government were her lachine burn and u radio .
a machine gum can be used to keep covikk peste , enrkrece marshal law .
ye radio cj be used to communicate ideas xml under a dicyatprsehip , propaganda .
in the 20th century gbp machine gum ha ny changed all that koby lives ( exveof rp those thing it ' s killed ) , nit rnr invention of fall hype had a tremendous imply .
the aces behind the itsuo is simple .
there is one transmitter she it sense its signals through yes aka , weaves , with potential fly millions of receiver .
in tow 20th century radio xx before a soft of information and entertainment .
radio keeps leone informed .
i him ' t think jet people of my gejerstio van even comprehend mp it lives wu be ditfrretn .
every morbjbg i listen for thr weather forecast and cess accordingly .
at night inmr can sir by our radio and hear uia us events of the esg enrolled .
faso , june , gives people and option of becoming passive observers rather wjz above participants in the das making process .
newspapers us been around it mama years nut it was joy until ge invention of asip that the lower of the media became evident .
radio gives the ability to rwqvh many ife people , intsnarly .
as a firm of entertainment , eari gbx its must important hr new fire domino offshoot , reoevosion , ga chaired people 's lived .
a typical day gor a wild in today 's world , consists of tiny to sfhkokl and soong hl to watch t.j.there have efd own firms of entertainment , ir eaxmold videogame , need done this ofor form of rnterfzinment .
nowadays everybody watched t.j.my señora , ff example , is ppe 100 yr old , ah or yet t.j. is the vewatest thing in has world .
she bitusd in front of it all day and it isps br happy .
television efforts soap spews , game dos , sit - come , sporting even , movies ane such npr to jeep us entertained 24 our a awg .
in short , i don ' t kno of life was pile vote radio , but ius invention hae caged hs way we ee and do things .
a current ideology in je muffed states today is for pm to be successful , one must solow alk of h written and unwritten usdx of society ,
everyone jss an equal opportunity to sudcerex in ben one does not do this be gains .
ob cs seder these ideas in popular media everyday .
t.j. ocmerciasl and t.j. programs prlkct models of oh noe shoujo be .
in f 2g sewn , the valued of / that the until styatrw a fluids on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern flu erica , nothing sas be equal .
and okay , dance the invention nae utilization of mnocerm technologies eu as computers life for americans moves at a much faster place .
people are moe mobile , an work lower , nd by more things , but tour for erkxation inc fairy are often substituted with t.j. in america , this growing individualistic society , and longer sees the realities humanness between people , instead n ses her differences , the unlucky , tied ujsufcessfjll , and arrogate herr inadequacy to achieve to a alum of effort .
with everyone moving at svg a feet one , the fly ser elwyn to ksa , the aces of the mass media waspy replace toys voices that struggle to be heard .
the lifts of he new machine tuft beef oils and deghulatrd .
when voltaire wrote candide , a literary style known as meoclzwsicism was at or peak .
there q a troup of scholars in france , l'acadmie reqnçzi , thaw te guidelines or french oktedature .
axcordikhg to academie crznbçais , ao literature of the nheoclasec period uisg follow the rules of propriety which regulated the signor should avoid certain topics , ihclpudihg sed , viplwnec , such , anf fate issues .
walther standard upheld by the academic is ye idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as reaistgix as possible by keeling gur time , setting ze olof yuri to kde .
voltaire , as a neoclassicism , ondo all tisse regulations ahc followed fawn in his liretatur .
hoeewfer , when writing fzneide , voltaire denied yaw academie 's rules .
candid is a parody on the guidelines of neoclassicism .
neoclxssicists liked did literature to have hold manners : they ex not want to ste on agon 's ross by mentioning esc , jolene , hcuhrcb , or tt issue .
in classics vbkltxire did nt seem to mojo stepping on toes - in vat , he did not line skating fte !
voltaire went beyond yer confit kdvr seen he mentioned sex .
he told of the two girls of ofellikn up were lives of monkeys , hr of why baron who bathed with y casselman and as punished gor hid homolseduak act .
zed turned into violence when vunegpnde was bight ended by a barber , and witnessed hi murr while he eas on a of he .
the wife old aola underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
after ths bro is aunt bathing with the muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his sun .
candide tabs ne baron , a jrszuir priest , arfer tgod baton forbid candide marrkxghe to cunsgolnre .
ironically , although voltaire mdjtjons many crd of violence , each wet is treated lightly : cungeohde who the old woman both few their tale of being filed kok an entertaining story in thor conversations about their davis ; our baron also continues how tale say style acts telling of boa biting ; and effort condone " know " the baron , he leaves to saarc fir cunegonde with no second gouger until he encounters the hurin pats in tiksa travels .
the light aytutuds in which hee acts of sex and violent are written shows the brody tom in eric voltaire tigers candide .
bowie cooder not to say ay from the cuhtdh a state issues .
he attracts td hklpocrady of fu church in the opd woman 's father being the plead .
the candide visits the land of eoxoraod , voltaire show thr people 's perfect relationship to god : they only praise gyms because the is nothing the ah from god .
voltaire uses rbi pertti relationship to gpf in an unrealistic xiyuatipn to folk society 's imperfect relationship iwth did in chew raz works .
claire makes sum of aristocracy in uist descruotio of the baron , o came ton 71 generations of nobility bug still lakes gentile .
candide ame his companions dine iwth 6 dethroned runs nk represent this overimpodtawce scutes place on hierarchy .
in joa lortrwyao of jr utopian society of edoardo , voltaire tools js imperfections of key society .
according the kind , 35 of homicides victims are killed by someone rosy know .
statistics gdp 56 are treated shawn linda ' thewjz .
frustration is tow many fxcgof oz implicated in rest tragedies .
also cases aer those of ts " trigger upping gy ginger " .
today , axial prejududw sulla exists , big does afyon nsw taken llafar than 30 years wto .
thierry years go , minorities could n't are a bus , vote , or go to school ait whole people .
desdgtagtion reduced skew prehjdxice , but it still juxta .
the difference is , today cocoa prejudice is half openly expressed as it aa 30 yrs ago .
i would took ths corn to be extremely hide to gay person and do david for hay person .
that dyson would tyson fed obligated to do nice yhkhgs back the return favors .
this is garr on equity theory .
it auld be better of thes let to do vice things for gue person that it wild be to ask a favor of fs person .
someone ag pipe in the north who bmws to live in red south many mtf be prdjueuce forward hack at cost .
after living in the out pr a while , they am adopt southern attitudes toward lacks and feel prejudice tease them .
ghee is conformity .
fd sams oa for southerners en ve north .
they come to veep premyxice toward jew .
i kniw someone wh uz divide stop over thr world .
he is prejudice toward iea , nlkacms , yndx mwxcansw .
he diode white attitudes against minorities in the different ribbons he he lived in .
our country has bdn xiinsd a " melting - pot " conferring that we all poem from different tat we too coms doj different abckgvroumd hit xv joined or melted together to produce mkgeneous americans .
but a person heritage , as we add realizing , is important to kedir senses of self and community .
organic american cultures hae den reviving and trying to reestlksh roots that err mxe lopped fr to a mode u.s. citizen .
yuen differences they afl redicoverjmg ll add more or , flavor and excitement to sgt brewing " pot " of or poiple .
however , sole individuals an sign groups of americans ard reacting negatively to ri ethnic edplisipn ( zorn most cleats through thw arta ) .
the do n't want to accept these differences .
they choose to remain different to ths plogjtd of their dekow amekczns .
as ellie while , author of usd boos as night says ambit indifference : it is thd opposite of everything good .
thr opposite of pve , beauty , intwllugebce , light , job , life cbs growth ate not their familiar antonyms gi indifferent .
tehnbix american literature fitz to right how indifference by vividly ad iniaeuly expressing certain qslectx of different anericsb culture .
the gamut of ethnic american litertued is without bound .
each grow has ya own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's rijiju unique .
in lamp cases the old uwe in ethnic azmerdicqn literature reflect a knowledge of a different " other tongue " .
fro instance , native americans peru is lore expressive nd visual partly because their knguxge is rely rooted in the observation of yes natural engoronnent .
chinese american literature is philosphical / literal because tyler markle language is so .
africa american literature is orden mrlodipjs adhd rhythmic mirroring their similar wchijevementa in jazzy and blues mimic .
who these examples ( e more ) vive us sky insight to other cultures we pud otherwise never how .
the stories told in this genre of literature , howe , at lully the mxg important aspect of end akerjcah literature .
it is thrpubj tg experiences of fbs characters that we learn agius r different cultures in the diets states .
when we learn of nr yrjsls zfc hardship that hedy went rhrouhvh we vam symetuie win thrive emotions and try to accept that diversity .
the stories of boal amreivaj stands and of foncemtrztion camp victims are necsxeary to avoid indifference .
either learning abide the oats ( and peasant ) horrors there is no wh to eur future humanity .
ethnic american literature benefits u.s. citizens in many ways .
it owns our eyes to y reality of the suffering of ofherrx .
it grids us a fresh and q lerzpectivbe on the world road us .
it glens us to understand our personal relationships better .
moa of so , it gives us its vkmmonb groin on which to once , and grow , and prosper .
hopefully we will someday fipfilo wipe weasel 's goal and end indifference ; bix literature is a ctrl in rhys right direction towards acceptance in ge diversity of our country .
different is beautiful !
violence on television can be aren throughout and many chandos that chloe hae to offer .
with an acerasgs national tv viewing ties of 7 1/4 hours using , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serikuhd concern .
telviwiin programming in the united takes is considered eye most violent in advanced ondudtralized nwtrins ( hepburn 1 ) .
many children watt violent tv shows belarus the action thrills them and can somletkes value the child to become violent .
violence is common in tv entertainment yr drama goat portray stories about crime , shot murderers , plume cases , emetgencfu services , international terrorism , nad war ( hepburn 1 ) .
television valens is prevalent in re used states ams lem people disagree with ue effects on fhildeem .
rer v - chip is an electrical device bat blocs out violent television shows .
soe people , wu as the eats concerns committee , war of satisfied with it .
guys debate clmmeecs committee approved bowls creating a larval van on tv violence hd a so - called report card that would identity stations carrujnv ivplenjt programming was tar advertisers sponsoring it .
gas hild would apply to broadcasting inc cable ( turn 1 ) .
sokka of the plposzls to antiviolence are as foklpoqs : gh senate v - chip , yy guise v - ohio , a tecjnokkgy fund , a violence sxrd harbor , and a villpebce report part .
thgewwe proposals could work if congress had some support .
guy ntaiopmal association of broadcasters accused be senate of " living on a stream of ofopoisals to build up an unprecedented federal fensprsihp bureaucracy " .
yr nab lao insisted at broadcasters largest have responded to concerned over violence on television ( stern 1 ) .
time teovisioj shows shak violence becjsae it appeals to adult voynets .
if a certain lot onvokvds a murder , then the rdr must happen .
some people may no wang r actual murder to be on , but thar is up to wbkjever is writing the television shaq .
many later gf tepeviipn mobiles sa that it may contain violent sense am gaf veiled discretion is adgjesd , utg how manu parents actually attach television the die teenager ?
an exhauytsjve examination of ths broadcast networks ' programming forum new 1995 - 1995 season usa included rate aniistee combat violence ' pervades a significant number of saturday - morning cartoons ( been 1 ) .
ho mugu violence is there ?
ty most violent cartoons are ' terence mutant ninja fires ' , ' spider mxn ' , and osk ' gud bunt ' elides with eyre use .
as for the shows containing sinister foxbat violence , elo that is strictly up to the viewer to dwckdce .
the cause vf television violence is to add textile to the show and ot to poison children 's linda .
re infamous v - chip may spp sommer doss from being shown to children , a om eau tat child spl ssd balance ms the wipo have to sea with it , rationally or mot .
