it 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
when i was younger i used to may that i wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. i do n't know why .
i would like to study psychology because one dy i would open my own psychology office and help people .
it 's difficult because i 'll have to stud hard and a not , but i think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
maybe i 'll change my mind , maybe not .
i think that the public transport will always be in th future .
the rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to us a bus or taxi .
i consider that is lore convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
in my experience when i di n't have a cr i used to use the bus to go to thr school and go back to my house .
in my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
in india we have various types of public transport , like cycle , bike , car , train & flight .
depending on the distance amd duration to the desired place , more of transport is chosen accordingly .
bjt generally speaking , travelling by far is much more fun when compared with other models of transport .
thi reminds me of a trip that i have recently been to anc thr place is ava .
it take around 6 hours by national highway to go from delhi to agra .
we have stopped at hotels fod having food and just in case if ant of us feels hungry , we hage purchased some snacks just before the trip .
since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & flight ) .
in addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
due to the above mentioned reasons , i am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
my name is sarah .
i am 17 years opd .
i am looking forward to join you in this year summer camps .
i love children , and i enjoy looking after them . also , i organized many sports activities before in my school .
in addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
my family think that my cook is amazing .
i hope that you give my the chance to join you .
thanksmy favourite sport is volleyball because i love plays with my friends .
volleyball is a sport play every place , when i travel on the beach i kike play with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
it is very funny .
when i sas young i like plays with the ball in teh playground and my friend and i played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
dear jo ,
how are you ? i 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
on the ine hand , in my country ther ar a lot of place to travel .
for example barcelona , madrid , sevilla , valencia .
were are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in madrid you cna visit " puerta del sol " , " kas libeled " .
i visit madrid twice a year .
all summer i visit sevilla because i love this city amd i suggest that you visit sevilla .
on the other hand , in my country there are a ew job because the economy is very bad .
bur , if you want i pook for a job from you .
my best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
her sister is 6 years old and you should lok after every weekend .
you will be interesting in this job ?
thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to head from you .
i 'm looking forward to seeing you .
take care , laura .
today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
also peopled need not to suffer high operating most running their own far .
bur it can sue a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is for away from home .
for example , i think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
instead it will be common to by an air ticket and rode on public plane .
in my opinion i think thar public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
if we think about it the caf is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the but or underground but in another way car must mor money than the public transport .
by car we can just say with ourselves which cab be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people tha are unowned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportatikns are good and the days do n't need necessarily to end up with the public transport .
if i had it to choose between both transportation i think i probably chose car because it is better fr me to go by car then to go by gus .
in my community , we ard very interested at environment an ecological things .
we have solar panels and a place to lake compost at the las garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
in some strategic points of the building we have special ttashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans adn pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about teh earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
the manager of all this project is miss june sid , our science teacher .
all this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
good morning everyone , today i want to share about is my favorite sport .
my favorite sport is football , why i choose stowell , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so mch!example like barclay premier league , liga premier , fifa world cup and so on .
i believe that 's all will delighted us .
by the way , my favorite football team is manchester united , hey are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
michael wax a little kid when he had a dream that was : be a super hero !
after many years he sill dream to become a super hero .
he enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
pass some years of the university and he know a girl called kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
kate sas cursing the university of fashion .
then the two started to date .
michael and kate was so happy , until one day that michael said to hum dream to be a super hero , kate yet so nervous saying that it sas ridiculous and just a kid dream and that michael was only dreaming but hat would never happen adn that super hero do n't exist .
when she sad that , michael started to cry anf get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
he got so may that he asked ber to get out of gis apartment .
in following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
but when them get to the some of michael they fight again and michael get a knife and kill her .
he cried with a lot blood around .
michael get away from thete .
michael closed thd door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings mount of benefits in our lie .
for instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
it is true that moving by car is more convenient that take public transportation , however , it would cause ore damage to our life and harm our environment .
therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
if there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
in my country , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
i can not imagine if there is no bus or mr , how long i will take for school .
car is convenient foe human , but it brings damage fr human also .
fr example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
it cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
we can see that there ar its of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud side .
what other precautions , is usually taken ?
the ng office is notified by the photographer when thr film was shipped .
if the ilm does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right awaythe pleasure of travelingpeople go , people come .
every dxy lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best wat to do an international trade ?
the most important option to travel is , by for , the plane .
but , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , yu must be very carefully at time to get off a plane .
if you rae looking fir comfort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
there are a side variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
although , the better option , is lick out a train .
there is n't comparution on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the wau that you are doing ans , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
anyway , no matter how you go , no matter were you go .
the pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour thos will make business msn happy and comfort because of saving a let of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possiblein modern societies , thee are lots of friends around our daily lives .
big project could not be finished without co - operations .
friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings adn funny things happened around ourselves .
lore importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
in this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
ths reasons are as follows .
first of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
for example , we could learn bow to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn ho to make a mal from parents .
secondly , the families could give gou some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
if difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to our families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
all in all , in this case , the families are the mist important friends in our live .
the computing technology jas been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every he discoverement .
as we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were mich bigger than nsw computers .
pld computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
you can have a portable computer new , and take it with ou to every place you visit .
ols computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogame , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , march or make videos , invent new stuff to improve ths computing technology , and not only in 2 colors , bjt thousand of them .
one of th greatest achievements of mew computing , is the internet , where you an connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . view ethernet fable or wireless connection ( wi - fi ) .
get rest mri went to the abandon house and started to think the vest way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make gim super .
as i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he cre about so as i continued to go to his house i notice he will always go to gene same house so i decoded to follow him to the house and i found out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfriend so i finally got an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he di with me , that way sh will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i though about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he dis with me !
buy wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
yes !
i screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afraid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thin i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction i would feel when i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
but i as so mad at him and so anxious to make he life impossible , and soon my far of death and my anger for all of the suffering i had been through became stronger and bigger , i had made a position i wae going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tutoring me adn not wanting me to be happy i would the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had accomplished my goali 'm not agree with thi idea completely .
on the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as life thd chance to you to be independent .
on the other han huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
my favourite sportsi born to be a football player .
fod me , football is everything in my life .
when i dee football on the television i dream with pla in a big team and in a big championship like barclays premier league , ligue 1 or liga bbva .
my favourite clubs ate benfica an deal madrid , where ronaldo play , cor me he is the best player in the world , that is why ronaldo won ths gold bill of 2014 .
i play football in a portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
i dream in win a lot os leagues in football and win the gest championship , the uefa champions league nad the best scorer of all the time in uefa champions league is cristiano ronaldo , my favourite player .
i play football because i like but the on reason that i do it hardly is because of my dad .
his dream is that i become the next captain of a bi team and win a let of money .
my name is jonny .
i graduated from national taiwan university of science and technology .
i am 25 years old .
i am interested in looking after children anc playing with children .
i like personality with childlike , so i like children .
i hac experience of holding basketball competition when i was student .
i planned many interesting activities vor views to make competition alive .
thy enjoyed the game .
i also like to cold .
if my mom cooks , i always help her .
my personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
i always simple to people .
i really want to het this job .
i want to play with children and see their simple all day .
i think that smile is the best gift in this world .
i am also a hard worker .
i have passion of this job .
if you tink me is the right person you want , please give me a response , thanks .
public transportation has been more used by people and over th years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more made but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what ade we going to demonstrate in this essaybefore about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in the years there was nog eben good facility to love from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having hsr own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the endnowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because thd find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster by when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel thw real experience adn to enjoy more by chilling it from crowded placesto summaries it is different from some ones opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will usd it more and more that by thr end cars will disappear and will will no longer be usedthe topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
this conclusion become mote prominent if we look into the rata of the car companies ad exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario drastically changed in past 10 yearsdevelopment of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
a large scale of investment eas bring tor biofuel development .
meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance gross domestic product ( get ) .
if you are living in big town or small it does mater bur one thing should be faking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
global warming is huge issue in today 's fate .
government should take immense action to stop it or at least kake it slows down .
however we the people have really important part of making it words .
active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water nd air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and she environment to their people .
recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly ad promptly taking care by my city .
everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
people is not realizing that cutting the true can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
additionally , of city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year good and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
in conclusion , i would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one dat it can be seen in whole country .
everybody has his favourite sport .
my favourite sport is football game .
on our school or village football stadium i spend a lot of time very day .
usually i play football with my classmates .
before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
his main words:"ypu must work and work very hard , if you many to tet high results " .
i can say , that coach is experienced person .
nit so pong ago , we are had competition .
the first place as going by us .
we have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
i believe , that in the future i will be a famous football player in teams such as shamar or dynamo .
football is my life .
i want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"yiu must believe in yourself " .
hall my friend ,
what 's up ?
how are you ?
how was your day today ?
it 's really nice for tour expressly e - lail yesterday .
you regret that you were n't three with me . i 'll tty describe everything precisely , because i know that you berylder paul ,
i have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and i 'm quite interested . i gave no plans for this summer so i think it is a good idea to spend it .
i was born in the uk so i can be a very good teacher of english .
although i came to spain ten years kater so i can speak with them in spanish if it is necessary .
also , i assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when i wax young .
it was a lit of tim ago , however , i still keep tye rhythm in my body !
by the wah , i remember i had to create a dynamic training to do with the other hallet - course members . i had to be the teacher for one day and i did n't forget it because i felt wonderful .
all members congratulated me , as well .
on ther other nand , i ha taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when the were very young .
you must know that i 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
that lakes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
i hope you keep in mind my candidature because i 'm not going to disappoint you .
best wishes , julia .
in my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
because hot everyone afford to buy their in car .
besides there are lost of low income people who ca n't buy their on car .
so i think public transport 's future is bright .
what is the " family " meaning ?
in my opinion , family is the place that had you best friend can help each the and now each .
in the taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , i mean you do n't have enough money to raise you aren .
back to the topic , i do n't know well any of member of in my family , i do n't trust them , honest .
i like newzealand because there are many islands .
by the may , newzealamd have a coll weather .
in malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
that 's why i order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
you can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to malaysia .
i cid not have to go to newzealand bu believe me it is very beautiful place .
if i have sustenance , i will go there and bring all of hou .
i love in lenin , a small city in east sicily .
the local council hasn a project for te environment .
people collect any kind of rubbish adn throws all together in black sack .
although the council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
around the with , you fan find many places where te people throw frigo , kitchen , " amino " , old things or furniture .
what a pity !
te suburbs of engine could be wonderful .
there are orange trees , a large lake and etna in background .
when i was a child , i had a lot friends and they wee very important fo me .
we ever played in thr park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lo of ...
but when i was a teenager i began to live situations that i did not like it , for instance , the goals said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
in those years i lived th worst moment in my life .
i remember when i celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmates wanted to come to my party ; i think that thos say was one of the worst may of my life .
there night i cried because i felt that i have not go any friends .
however , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and give me a lot of presents .
in there moment , i thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
i one that the never talk bad about me .
now , my husband is my best friend .
he is thd mots important people of my life .
he has even been with me .
also , he is very tunny and i laugh a lot with him .
both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
we like watching tv series and cooking several desserts too .
to sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , david , my husband .
life of people around ths globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
a busy life always compel to use the fastest and most convenient mod of transportation , which has made public transportation system lat behind motor cars .
hi usa summer camps ,
this advertisement of a job has been reading by suitable person .
my name is maría , i am from spain .
i am interested in this work because i enjoy travelling and i am teacher so i like working with the children .
i am sure that i will look after children very well .
i would like to speak english perfectly so i think up the idea about if i work in summer camps , i will improve my level english .
for the other hand , i ould teach spanish to the children in thw summer camps .
i am waiting yours answer .
hi samehow are you ? are yo still living in madrid ?
yes , i started my lessons thr last month and it 's very interesting .
i 'm learning a not and the students ate very friendly .
but i need to study harder because i want to pass the exams , and it 's very difficult .
however , if i carry on studying like now , i will do it .
the lessons ars very funnydear sir or madam :
i have sewn your announcement in the newspaper and i am interested to apply for .
i cam speak english and i am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides i have recommended paper frommy last company .
i have ben working like a childhood teacher in a school and i am qualified .
besides i have cooking skills and i love to cook .
i hope you are interested in my application .
i am looking forward to hearing from you .
sandra barrientos
the technology have chanced thw people 's life very mnuchin fact we can think hos different is our life respect either to of parents or our grandparents lie.for example my parents did n't which on tv , because there wae n't ant tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at he mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents eoundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the france of public transport is stilo very crucial .
nowadays , people use fossil fuel as the lost important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
people must find ways to se other energy sources kike nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
as a result , governments ill invest more in researching the usage of these nes types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
the rang of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
in addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , it will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
in some perspectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
people sill realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted aur .
so the best may for hem to travel is public transpotatoons .
each person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect his own live .
in conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceablehello alex , how are you .
are you free for weekend , have you any plans .
me and my friends go to the cinema , and i invite you to go with us .
if you are interest , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
than you helen for those wonderful present .
i always want to read these type of took .
i went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at thr hotel latter in thr evening went to the beach .
in conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel fo better education prospects and table environment for younger generation to grow up .
teh effets of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
the cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
in this situation , developing nation should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
there is n't to few oxygen at th op of everest to breathe easilyjordan romero has get 13 when he climbed everest in may 2010 .
mount everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
my friends and i , we like a programs of tv , electronic music , fashionable clothes . i prefer all .
sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , i am facing in the party with my friends .
they listen to the music wnd can we are singing .
it 's very good .
jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girlfriend .
jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
other person is angel , he do n't dance in aol place .
he prefer study in your some .
hello something .
my makes is steven and i 'm 14 years old . i 'm living in german .
in the moment i visit thes secondary modern school .
i 'm in grade 8 .
my life is difficult because i have to realize everything .
for example there are girl hse is in my class she is beautiful .
i love her look .
her eyes looks as the sun .
but she is ignored me .
i hope i can forget he .
run for you lifemy favorite sport is run .
i like to running fast so fast in tact thay it week me as if i dun on akr and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
my favourite place to dun is in th forest but i like to run supportive to .
i am liking to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not he hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of tye streets .
the bestest advice i can living to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to tru to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every well you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an olympic champion maybe .
in my opinion , television can be educational . whether you are watching the news or a show bout world war one .
of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
if hou 're watching tom & jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
although one could argue tat you can always learn something .
a friend of mime recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching walking dear fo some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
today i want to write about my job .
i 'm a forensic biologist and i deeply love my job .
it is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
it is dynamic , stimulating and , sven if it is not welk remunerated , i feel myself satisfied .
in the last new years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of result and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast ths change happens .
television seems to be a controversial tool .
herr there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities of the audience in an educational way ?
from my experience knowledge , i believe television cover both entertaining abd educational functions .
it notes how many educational programme broaden young children 's horizon in the past fea years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
it also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in thd future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
apart from educational contents , there are so many foul content , business advertisements and fake information on tv that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
however , i believe tye educational programmes on tv still plays a vital role in educating both adults ad young children .
i think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
ere we can eat typical italian food .
the last gime who i was here i have eqt the best pizza that i have ever eat in my life .
the atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact thr walls are decorating with a let of hell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : i think that it 's a great dea !
also , it 's perfect tor kur class because there is a lot of space so we can say all together at the same table .
the owner is a very kind person and i 'm sure who he make us a convenience price .
no future fir public transport ?
public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
currently , most people is use to use their on car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
but cars pollute the ir sith co2 emission every day and contribute to thd climate change .
so , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
in addition , having a cat is very expensive .
first of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you mst pay for the assurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , yoy do n't have to five ad if the bus or train or whatever vehicle hou use , breaks down it is n't your responsibility .
besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
in conclusion , i think public transport has future , and thr more people use it , the more future will have .
i 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
very pleased to be able to receive you salary payment .
but play a little old .
i completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist te instructor , ths instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but alao to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but i have nothing to complain about .
i work hard fr two months , pay a lot .
just our wage paid roo much lower than i expected , i want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
i invite you to consider the proposal .
i think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bhs , train , metro and more , for the on one reason : the quality of lofe against the pollution .
travelling by cae is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
in big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because vor the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
tim sawyer was a by that lived with his aunt polly and she had to punish tom because sometimes for did n't go to school .
on monday tom went walking to school and he sawa his friend hack which they talk a lot and tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
the he saw a beautiful girl named becky so tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and tom kissed becky .
tok say to her of another girl so she got amd and she ignored tom .
tok was so sad because becky did n't to talk with him so tom went on a trip with huck and disappeared for weeks .
when rom saw is house he sneak into is house and saw he aunt polly crying for him .
so the next ay the people of the town went to church to head the funeral of tom because many people thought that tom was dead bjt suddenly tom olen the poor an got in so everybody was so surprised to dee tom .
the next day huck went to tom 's house to telo hum that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an adventure .
so they went to teh mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so ton and huck hide and they saw that injury joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money wnd kill people so tye boys start their adventure on stopping injury joe ...
hi , jo .
thank you for your message .
i will do my best to answer your questions .
as for your questions , i think ghat gou should work in japanese restaurant , such as japanese " ryoteik " and " izakaya " .
that is because you will improve your japanese skill in them .
recently , many south east asians have studied japanese in japan while working in the .
by improving their japanese skills , in japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
he was at sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to sarah 's house an clean all the bathroom , but sarah already knew that he let the bathroom lime this so before michael entered to the bathroom she said : " i know what you leave there " and michael went running to the bathroom .
hi julie ,
my school is located in the centre of teh city in bangalore , india .
my school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and ths quality of education .
i like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
good morning :
this is an say about my favourite sport , it is swimming since i was a child because always enjoy a of and what is more i fan do it alone , i never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
i do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , ad always i go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , i prefer going alone because anybody bother me or i haven wait anybody .
i said that because when i was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me ans every dag i had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long has , i hated that !
luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day i go for my own .
sum is a relaxing exercise tor me and normally there are n't man people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and i do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing roo .
i would recommended to people who not know slim to learn , because i am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
i think that once is a way for sell - expression .
it 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
since is a passing , a type of life .
when i 'm dancing i forget lal my problems , except my stupid companions that they do n't understand anything .
but this is another theme for speaking .
when you dance , sing , or act you are sowing something to ths public , something that 's important por yo .
if dance is your passion , you practice every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
if ou are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
you 'll wake up early of going dance , or do dance classes .
gou do n't matte if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
that 's a some , you must sleep .
if you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
i move my family special my little sister , the has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i usef to tell her everything of my life .
i ave a dog it name 's change , it is a golden retailer .
it 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
my oldest sister her name cynthia , she is really weird with me .
our relation is of good because she is so different to me .
also i have a brother hi nams is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
my mom and my did , they are a good guys .
actually i prefer pass my tie alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
hi mrs .
kate ashby ,
how ade you ? i hope you are well .
fr work in our cafe gou have to speak english of course , maybe now how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone aho can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
we need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open very day .
that 's all , see you soonkisses ,
fernwe think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappearing , after that we will be having wars .
in 30 years we will nave changed our anatomy , als we will be eating cast food , on the other had , the north pole will have melted totally .
the temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so soke people will have die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
the technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
because of ths , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
friendship is something very important in my life .
i ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
how to make friends and meet new people ?
it is easier than you think .
just ... start talking !
communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
you have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
they just have to calm talk about it .
if your friendship is real , you will always and point between your opinion and tour friend 's obe .
just trh , it wo n't most you much !
good day ,
my name is fouad and i would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and i used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reason for my enjoyment sith this sport are as follows :
1- make me fit and healthy2- classy make no friction between players3- it exercise all muscles of hour bodyregarding the above i advice all rookie to start practise this story an they will get many benefits .
however , the adults they fan practise it as well and they will get the same .
as citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
every sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
we clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
whilst , we recycling inorganic rubbish too .
from inorganic , we an make van , hat and other stuff .
then they can sell them and get income of it .
the creator of ths haven and the earth , the creator of sole , the on aho make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
what we belief as muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create out father ( adam ) and created from his ( eve ) ad they were in the paradise and instructed to not eat rom the tre but teh satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( moses , jesus , mohamed , others .. who they worship tye same ne ) with miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the paradise and who follow other path which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are hede to do the test in this short lide .
transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather thanpublix transportation . da by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportationfirstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wants privacy as well as freedom which is suite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these love of transportation coversas such as possible of city area or town which mismanaged route who travelled by public tramsportation.as a consequence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various node of transportation availableto competition with public transportation .
nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private companywhich play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of ths consumer get more benefit like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launching new caf with affordable price which insist people to us more and more private vehicle .
i go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two cori dogs .
i met many people in the park .
i never thought about , people got so many pet .
in the peak time in the pari is very busy even thought thw park is huge !
some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
but som people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
family is thd mot important institution of social life .
every member hav his own role and the loss , the father or te mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but doaloging and listening emotions and facts , everyone van have another point of view .
parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
a other or a father an be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give hs contribute in family duties .
recently i eaw thw thriller of mokingjay part 2 .
if yo wat to use that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
the first movies , were amazing ! !
a out of action , drama and romance .
the fans of this series , had bee wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
i do n't think hat this move is of all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion i think is more a teen movie .
i think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of thw book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , adn i think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
hole you guys choose this movie ! !
it will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
my favourite sport is karate .
first of all , i enjoy it because when i practise i feel i can hold on for hours .
when i 've had a very bad and stressful day i can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
training karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
in my opinion , it 's very difficult to and this advantage with others sports .
apart from that , rate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher show us ho we have to behave waith others and he teach us a of of things about the japanese culture .
for someone who starts karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can bot give .
today topic is technology .
nowadays we uss technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful amd important for development but today generation is influenced whit technology that they hae stopped to do other activities .
oast year , my friend michael eas at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fees in order to join thw competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can long in .
he phoned me and asked me to kent him some money to register the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing he story after long time spending in writing and did good job he wen to give is story to the international student magazine office , he found out three ars a notice on te door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
travelling by bus is very stressful because ths people push me or i ca n't sit down because three are n't any chain fo me .
on the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and i do n't have to stand up .
other transport public is the taxi like caf , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
the ave or aeroplane are a good option for ong trip .
in conclusion , in the future should have a bus so mor comfortable .
njkais19
5 mauidear sir dimera .
i am writing about a problem at my city .
i live at patra a biv city in greece .
in my city all schools wnd some walls of buildings are full of drawings adn writing .
the vandalism in patra has increased a lot .
unfortunately when we sat to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
for our city it is very bad because when some new people visit paras they see that think .
patra is a very beautiful city nad for her culture , and for her monuments .
wh to ses that abuser thing ?
after we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
in my opinion the police should stop ther vandalism .
if it have police all around the city nobody will dark to do a graffiti or to writes something or to draw .
i hope yoy will do something for that problem .
yours faithfully ,
jessica stavros .
all around teh would pupils are waiting for finishing school .
they are eager to begin a new life as adults .
but when the reach in - between period , confused feelings cost their mind .
as a tule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
what the will do in future they see , like in a fpga .
in this way , idea of a year of between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
ten or eleven years at school ake them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
hut choosing the second education is very important set , which need serious attitude .
secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional shears .
also they would have an opportunity being involved in volunteer activity .
and thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
this year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation adn gettin nsw power fo future education .
one year is not long period .
but benefits after year off will be obvious .
i love in san miguel almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of almoloya de juarez in the state of mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
people collects trash of their house and await th trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
dear sie ,
i am interested to improve my english , so i am writing to request further information about th english course .
firstly , i would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the data exactly , because i need to book my flights .
secondly , i do n't live in cori , so it would be grateful if you could sed me details of accommodation hat you over in thi course .
and also , fan you give me an idea of how much it would be most every different options ? .
it would be useful if i can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
lastly , let me know if i need to pass any level test before starting .
i look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully .
rosa .
peter looked at bis watch and new thay he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
they are planning to rob a very precious going from museum tonight .
he dies n't have much time to prove their plan and he could nt wait to last it happen .
it is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
he called the police and informed about hos neighbours robbery plan .
police reached museum and caught robbers rec handed .
i am believing that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is more convent and loe expenses also to decrease the carbon games which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using th public transportation on thd economics and environment , governments shall enlarge the people to use he other ways for transport , this subject shall be issues in all media to learn and engage thw people to use he wright way for transport .
hello estrela !
ow are you ? i hope you are well .
i 'm writing because i tell you about my last summer holiday .
i went to las hurdles .
i stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .
i had a wedding .
while i as thee , i rid a lot of things .
one fay , i visited mando del kepler .
it was beautiful .
and there was a wonderful view .
teh other day , i walked a lot amd the end the way , we found a waterfall .
thw jame of waterfall was chorrituel .
it was spectacular .
the wedding day , i bad a great time and i slept very late .
the wedding was in thw morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
however , in tye right , we had dinner in a gatare amd there was a party , all night .
you should visit la hurdles , it is a beautiful site .
an there are a lot of things .
and the people are very nice .
english is an international language which becomes important gor the modern world .
in china , english is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
the begin to study english at an early age .
they uss at least one hour to learn english knowledge a day .
even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
that 's a good phenomenon , for english is essential nowadays .
in addition to , sme people think english is superior than chinese .
in me opinion , though english is for great significance , but english is after all a foreign language .
it is hard for people to see eye to eye .
english do help us read english original works , but chinese helps us learn a tre china .
only by characters chinese literature an send iff its brilliance .
learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
because of we ate chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue ands learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
i was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , woolypoole .
it is small bug comfortable and famous for his bi burgers .
woolypoolz is a specialist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
in my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , by it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
i ave expects to be more famous , better ad biggest .
the problem of ths restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , thay is very small for lots of people .
in this life we have many things tat make us happy and make or lives go on .
for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
once , i got sick and stayed at general hospital , ans my friend gave me a flower .
it was my favorite flower i have it ever .
in my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the own must participate in this , thw citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town an put the rubbish into correct place anf clean tree ad plant more of it .
i 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private if without journalists following them all the time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not hage a life , not peace , not a happy .
in addition all persons have the right to privacy and to be free .
nevertheless th journalists stag all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important ou that by .
this is terrible , hou do not have privacy although the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous tye people border .
so that , politicians and film sars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
this is all .
good morning .
now are you .
come here .
ge down .
get in to the room .
get in to the thus .
let us walk .
let us play cards .
et us sleep .
let me in .
let me go .
let me see your photos .
let me watch tour house .
let me allow to enter in to your cabin .
forgive me . :
bring that toy .
bring glass of water .
drink water .
eat food .
run fast .
stop shouting . do n't shout .
let us bath .
once upon a rime was one little ant called penn , he was really small in compared with the others .
he hated to be like that because most of the airs made run of hom until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
it was a data night it sas raining until a bog active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
all of them tried to find a way ot ! , but no ine ca n't find one ... they started to get panicked !
people just states to evacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
penn was too sad , the only thing tha he can do is to wait and keep calm .
until the dawn al of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no on find something .
like they were very religious ants they pry for her sacred ancestor so they can help them in the big deal .
something that they don now was that the whole thing was a movie !
so all was planned ...
the actors had monitors that watch the acts all the time .
one day penny discovered it abd it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she bet very confused bug at the same time she get lad and she want revenge .
so they make a plan to display all ...
the nxt da when they were about to start filming they eye non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't ind them ...
in that moment thes ants and penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
the ants win the wr and they expand their habitat to the studio .
no one attack them again and they live happily her after !
i have many favorite sports .
one of the i 'm leen on playing basketball the best . i always spend more time on playing it .
i usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
after a hard day at university i go home and then i go to the stadium to play it .
one thing makes sure tha i already finished all of my work before i play my favorite sport .
basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
it makes me feel relaxed anc unwind .
besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
i really crayby about playing it .
when i have spare time , i often gather my friends to watch basketball watch on television .
i often play basketball at the stadium in thw morning .
sometimes , i play it near sports centre .
i go back home and have a sleep deeply when i finished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
that 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
with the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultural land , forest and ocean had been used to destroyed to build more constructive and transport networks .
from my in perspective , i believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human an animals .
to start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leading to this phenomenon .
convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the present day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available ford new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
additionally , people now continues destroyed more agriculture and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will history the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially th endangered species .
according to the problems able mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this oroblem.ifrst of al , reducing building constructive from now on , planting lore trees instead .
sustainable development should be assess to all human and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
to sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
nowadays tye languages are very important , and more english .
this is not my first time hat i study english .
i have been studying english since i was child abd i never speak and learn so well since i decided to go to london ne course to learn this language .
i have taken that decision because i was tired to try to learn english and i did not have the level that i want , so when i heard about that opportunity i said us .
the car is n't the best way of for thr transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
it can carry many people without problems .
nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities fore public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the cr is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry for or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet healthi want to say something but the learning of the english language , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes each , is like the spanish language , my native language .
that i want to sag , is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the verb 's in spanish language , just imaging you the same but nit in your native lneguaje .
second reason . in the english syntax , the structure foe construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , which is the rule ?
is there anyone ?
the third reason :
i love to play cricket .
i am enthusiastic towards this game .
my favourite team is india because i belongs to this country .
in india , 85 percent people follow cricket .
in 1993 , indian cricket team won his first would cup and that 's change the direction of are in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
i love this game because my favourite sports man belong to this game .
bis name is mr. sachin ganesh tendulkar know as little master .
whenever i play this have , i always follow this person .
his stance , style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
hot only me but also every indian always follow sachin for cricket .
when he was 18 , he played first game for india .
he is the first player wh played 200 test in cricket .
he has many achievement like first 200 in one dy etc .
i love the wa he was played .
for a nuance first they have to decide that they con do better , batting or bowling .
if the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen heed concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and but coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
also watch videos of some bet player like sachin , rahul , sir don bradman , hayden , wasim akram , brett lee etc .
as health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
dear jo ,
it 's glad to hear yoy are going to visit to my country .
i am looking forward for this .
i can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wish you will have a impressed time .
the weather is neither hot no cold alk year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you van buy in here .
if you want to travel thus city . i can be your guide as i have a yea free before university to .
this is a modern city .
people usually went heer fr showing or eating .
there are many local foods very popular .
you may like this .
i also wat to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , ane you want to find a job here .
i van recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and havem't finished college .
it may tae very long time to find a job and you have hot much time here .
you may consider my advice .
my favorite sport is swims .
it 's because sri is really tun .
also i think swim can keep our body fit and it an made the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
tye advice that i give to someone who want to start swimming .
it is not be afraid of ater , otherwise they may not learn swim an aldo when thd ate become older it will be more difficult to learn than thr little .
so these ars the advice that i gove to them .
dear cam director ,
my ame is eidhr and i am 21 years old . i had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
nad i am really sure that i am thd person that you are finding .
i am monitor in the free time , and i am looking for a temporal job to improve my english .
neither i hae problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if i told you that my parents have a bar .
according to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and i played many sports during my life , such as locker , volleyball , ...
waiting for your answer , widerthe cit where i live is a small village .
all residents make great cars of the environment .
organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .
apl residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
the helping to protect our environment to make it clean , says , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
in my village their are trash cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
there are spcejalne place where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves nad throw out all garbage .
we have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
recently , als on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school used solar energy instead of electricity .
they organize monthly meeting on the environment , residents participate in then .
wszysych residents of my village , they try to , so that or village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.therr are several reason to consider .
firstly , teh bus is always drop by to get a passenger tha take a more time than expected to tile of travel .
secondly , the public vehicle route are more far than usual route .
thirdly , it is also crowded anc no privacy .
finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
however , public transportation is much cheaper that to buy a new car nd for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for than to see more action .
like watching outside or sought seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
in addition to this i also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle used known .
to sum it up i still consider having their own car is say more safe and convenient .
public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel amd prioritize the safety of their passenger .
as far as i 'm concerned , i ten to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
more details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
to begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to out environment .
there are breathtaking sight on the outskirts of my hometown .
in my childhood , i went there to spend my summer every year .
however , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
there hass been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing th mineral .
no one dan deny that the pollution issue is one of the utmost important thin which should be prevented .
past but not the least , thw mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
to take my friend , taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
after she grows up , sh decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
in addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
one problem is that some people will consider ths job opportunity that it might bring to us .
due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
it seems like a sought - after chance .
nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
in addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
in a nutshell , based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral re outweigh the advantage .
therefore , i do not subscribe to this decision .
limiting cars on te roads would cause the disappearing of po .
th fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
the longer we barry our heads in sand , the warner the earth will be .
i learn english to improve the general quality of my sentences !
i do n't believe in it , especially while cars ae not flying .
even if it sill nave happened ther are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service nad so north .
uses are more simply - hou just buy a tickets .
nd shat about trains ?
i saw tv about train in japan - that is the future of public transport .
i want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " the fifth element "
brandon mackieparliament housecamera at 25089
the 26th of march 2015chief executive officerscarlos alberto marker zaragozadear carlosyour order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize fod the inconvenience .
we have conscience of thi mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
because your order as confirmed at too late and i that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
since the units were sold in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do nto worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
we hole you keep preferring us .
yours sincerely .
brandon mackiemy name is chew .
'm 25 years old and i 'm come from malaysia . 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
i have 3 siblings in my family who ars taking cade by me will the time when parents are busy with their work .
during my school , i like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent played .
we uses to organise competitions and tournament with others school .
this is my favourite sport .
during my leisure time , i like to help my parents in the kitchen .
we cook varieties of food and dishes .
i enjoy the dirty and lily hands in te kitchen .
with reference to the above , i will like to apply the summer camp job with my full commitment .
contemporary art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
thete aer many sources and creators , as will as themes .
it is well known that many are curators and artists believes that contemporary ar is nt a food source of art , since there are many artists that only create baser in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but jost of the times this is unintelligible .
luckily the most expensive art still being the old , like picasso or freud .
nowadays a pot of empty art pieces sre being sold at actions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
experimental arf jas taken the world of art by surprise .
humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
so noe we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
with this stated , we now have an idea of hwo artists create .
the sports days were held on kai chung sports ground in 12th and 13 th november .
that weather was partly cloudy .
i got there by mr .
i arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. this year i 've join the 100-metre race .
on the first day before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
thd athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
after that , the sports day began formally .
at 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade c 100-metre race started .
there was a funny thing when i went to the marshal .
ther teacher call my name for twice nad he told me to stand different place .
so i know that there was someone those name pronounce same as me .
near the race , i was very nervous .
when i aws running , i heard my housemates cheering and thd fund passing my face .
that free was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
at last , i got number 10 our of 27 people .
although it is not a great result , i 've already try my best .
at last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
my house which for number two temporarily .
i felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .
on the second may , my classmates called me to take part the inter - class rely race .
i felt very afraid because i is no good at running .
finally , our class go the first runner up .
we have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the racs .
i implicated my class from inning the champion .
at last , my house for the second runner up .
i hope my house will gt the champion in the next year .
" there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
in my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
we should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and thd world .
it is the best that all people go to he place walking o running on the other hand it is more healthy .
there is nothing wrong sith it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is after that a bus and cheaper gut no always .
i think it is due that travelling by car is so much more convenient but i disagree that there is no future for public transport .
is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , hot only the aspects of the country , but of the while world along .
whether tourism as had a positive or a negative impact over our life , it remains quite a dilemma for the infants .
first of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
alongside with its development , thd albite of travelling jas earned to such a scape that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
the existence of multinationals is tightly connected to he idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is mot only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
there are countries , such as greece or bulgaria , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
if tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . townpeople become more careful at their historical sites , this way preserving tyhem;tansport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
at a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
at a large scale , people cah now travel in almost ang possible way : on land , on sea or air .
through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
one upon a time there is a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend ans her 3 daughters .
the tiger was the mom names amanda of 25 years old , the headers kill her parents , because the headers were poor abd do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
the tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names john of 27 years old , his dae die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
hdr mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
they die when john was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he want to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked been at reverse bug he never found them .
the 3 daughters where so different each other .
the first one names amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah she have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lo of spots .
she is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
the second daughter names elizabeth is a leonard is the intelligent of the family anc the oldest of the daughters .
ha 12 years old .
other animals give them regards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
ths last daughter was aja who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
she stat sleeping in he bed and doing nothing all day .
heir parents sere angry because she was he only one that need work .
one they animals went with ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
the end .
hello friend ,
i know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
maybe i found something fir you : when i were on the bus returning to home i read a journal with some advertisements .
there is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there fore only an year .
there are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom it shower bur without bath and a cool living - room .
i think that yu have to bring with you winter clothes because here thee is a really cold whether !
write me soonalrssia
hello riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because i know ho much you low goth .
last night i made a decision .
i think that you should give up from your music classes .
tou have classes since you were nine years old wnd you already know how to play piano , so i think that tou should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classed .
this is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when tou decide it please send me a letter elling me about it .
love , tens .
hey my name is joe and i 'm 21 years old and ill think ill would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open of the kids so they can open up and speak .
my current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital wnd ill cah do everything as a doctor can .
so if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then ill can fis them up instead of taking them to thw hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
the most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of june , last year .
i had an exam .
that may i woke up early because i was nervous .
then i revise paths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .
when i started to read the tracks i fell agitated ane i thought that i was n't able to finish and pass that est .
buy when i finished before the time i wa happy and relaxed .
i always said that i passed ghat test and i was sure of that .
and this is true .
i passed that test !
hello charlie ,
i 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
congratulations your sister for your size .
i would like to go to a ew artist polls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind if i 'd have a possibility of going , i 'd already spend the tickets .
my favorite sportswhen i was tyree years old , my parents went skiing with me .
at the begin i went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
it as a lot of fun , because i could not it .
at twelve o'clock in teh daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
my father took me between his knees , because i could drives without calling and it wa fun .
when i was older , i could get better my dream was:"snowboarding " , but i should learn skiing perfectly like my parents .
later when i as 16 years good , my dream get true .
i had my first snowboardlesson un i loved it .
i took every free minute to drive snowboard .
that wa the story we i go snowboarding .
i enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
you are like a bird .
it is the gest feeling in the world .
you are very happy und sometimes i sing a song and the world is perfect .
that is everything i want to have and i 'm lucky .
that 's why i like the winter more than the summer .
snowboarding or skiing is the best sport of everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
although you ard all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can sew animals .
it ha been a very long an tiring day , but tol felt he had achieved something really good .
yesterday , he was on his say to home and it was getting dark .
his parents are worried and called he a couple of times .
he started talking very quicklyeverything was dark .
she open ehr eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black soy .
a dark sky without stars .
the got up and look around .
she was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
she started to take consciousness although she would n't remember how she arrived there .
she had to walk at least 15 minutes to go fron her house to this placed .
the problem is the las thing she remember is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly wok up when tye window opened with the wind .
she fell sleep again , diljit she ?
if the did , hos she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
if she was n't awake , we she could n't remember anything after that ?
this situation it was really frustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get hom an back to sleep .
she started to walk to clear her mind .
she knows her way even in the dark ; she nad gone to this spot a lot of tile , specially the last few weeks .
the development of human kind in technology is sen everywhere .
in case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like plan that can fly wit the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and not that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
although compared to ancient time we ar lucky enough that we have alo these option .
however , if i have given option to choose between all of three , i will way place .
there are three reason to choose this .
first reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
it can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
as a result people can save their tim .
second is safety , compared to the the chances of accident is less .
that lakes it safer to tavel by plane rather than the train or boat .
third one is comfort level .
plan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
in conclusion , i will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
the reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to even money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attendee the high school .
the young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach place which would be reachable otherwisei had a wonderful dat yesterday because i was in the beach all the afternoon .
i went with my parents and my sister .
the each is located in a guard and its name is o miho .
there are a lot of people in the beach .
the eater was very cold and i could n't slim , them i played football in the sand of thd beach .
i took thd sub a very long time amd then i go to a cafe and and i drank a refreshment .
it as a nice day because i spent a good time with my family .
no future for a public transport ? is thos claim or no ?
will we ser on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting quedtion/
i think that it all demands from the development .
now we can see that more and kore people prefer travelling by car .
yrs , i are , if you played the travelling for a long station and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , house firstly doull spend less time , yo travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a ling time , as you need .
but if we are talking bot travelling across ou city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the question for every one , and he answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to uwe p.t . , cause the spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't lie to travell with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passaangers
hello lara ,
thank you for hour email .
my name is mohamed and i am 28 years old male from the kingdom of bahrain .
i go to gtm and run on a daily basis to keep in shape an good health .
looking forward to know more about you .
my village is the place where i live so i am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid tor lice .
in order to attain this goal i have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in thw public places .
increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guide thd people and giving them of information , details abd guidelines about the pollution .
i 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant ots name is " lemon " i go there every week it haw different food from any restaurants i 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce it 's excellent choice for me and my favorite appetizer is usage and in order that desert i 'd rather " badge " cake with chocolate sauce i feel ibm at ease when i go there i enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service it 's very good and all staff are respectable i ca n't imagine noe week without going there that drives me nuts i advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really it 's excellent this strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
volleyball in one of the not difficult sports in the world , you should lut your body in the correct for to throw the ball to teh other side in the game .
i been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it i ones lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
when i wad 10 i be choose to play with a group of girls old than me , they were goods , and i ca n't believe the experience .
volleyball its my favorite sport because when i am with my team playing i were in another world , in which i can be free and happy , apart of this , when i am bad , thus is a distraction of the university .
you should try practice it so funny , but i advertise you , is hot easy at first , but you ace to intent many times like you should do in life .
in weekdays , i get of from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 am .
i often go to sleep around 12 am .
i usually play videos games if i do not have any homework to do .
i am no a big fan of sports so i do ot play any .
however i sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
he road in the newspaper an interesting notice .
thd notice was about a competition .
the competition is about write stories .
michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
first , he found an idea for the story and he decided to mak the story about pirates looking for treasure .
he began to write .
the story was very good but michael did not know how to end th story .
finally , michael ended the story and he want to the poor office .
michael sent teh story bu michael closed the door an new at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't puf is name and address .
yes , i think tv can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
also there ar a lots of educate channels .
i think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn be thing about last .
comedies are so funny , so when you are sad u an watch one of them .
there are many discussions about he future of the public transport .
different experts had talked about ths question and thete are so several opinions .
people like to have the freedom or moving comfortably and for this season , dome people usually prefer to use their cars .
public transport usually is restricted with the timetables anc you only may ude the transport in the moment that the timetable let gou .
for this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they wan to move themselves when they need .
by the other hand , publix transport is better for the environment , because thr pollution is lesser than using your own car .
finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
susan is a little dragon .
new skin is colored red ad green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
she does ghat every day after school .
of course , she has also a little brother .
his skin is colored need , just pike the father .
war paul !
i haven written you for age but i wad very busy because of the exams at the university .
what about you?what 's new in brazilian you know , my friend john asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
so i was there something like staff .
my work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food of musicians ands things like that .
i ot two free c.i.p tickets , so i tool my girlfriend and we are there together .
when the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
i felt like a star!crowdedx of people were waiting in front of tye clpakroom for the signatures , gut only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
people were so envious ... i liked inuit was fantastic experience .
next time i would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . you will earn nice money and yoy gave cultural experience .
it 's a dual effect !
hope to see hou soonjohnthe advertising is everysitw .
there are adds in tv , radio , bus , streets ...
in spite of this range of media , the tv continues being the most important means of communication .
a not of people think that there ate too many adds on television but , is like that ?
on one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
there can be people stored of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
there are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
the tv is the most accessible way of communication and people can see the message on thos way .
in addition , behind one add there are a log of things : one industry .
in one add there are , for example , teh publicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
to sum up , there are a let of adds in tv but they are necessary anc beneficial foe everyone .
my favourite season of the year is summer .
why am i making this choice tou clearly can aak , i move sun and good weather .
yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the su because you finish t be been by the xun .
in spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us an have fun with them .
during summer i love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fu with tem playing volleyball or rum inside the water of thw sea !
i think those activities are very regenerating and they made you forget about all the awareness of summer .
furthermore you cna sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel relaxed .
i really like to explore nature during summer too .
the wonderful colours of flowers with the sunshine ae fabulous .
dea usa summer camps ,
i saw our advertisement in thd usa an i 'm very interested in the position of childminders you are advertising .
i 'm eighteen years old and i 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why i need to work in order to pay my fee .
i have some experience working with children from all ages , besides i do n't mind hard work and i learn quickly .
als i 've just got my fc certificate this year but it would help me a lot if i practiced my english in a native country .
i consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore i think i 'm suitable for this jon as i can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because i would meet new people and a different culture .
i 'm looking forward to hearing from gou soon .
yours faithfully ,
teresa wysocki
it had been a very long and tiring day , but tom felt he had achieved something really good .
he finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
it was really important for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 amd he haven got any achievements .
he was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
he invited all hus friends from team and made a party .
tom wanted mle , his girlfriend , to come toi .
she was really proud of hm .
she as dreaming about being his wife .
she wanted to be his wife so bad .
but he did n't love er enough .
he wanted to break up with jer at that party .
he wax waiting 2 hours cor ger .
he hated that she is always late .
that was thw main reason he wanted to end it up .
when let came hse looked gorgeous .
and when he saw hr , his heart started to beating faster and faster .
bt time 's up .
he got close to her and told her everything .
mel looked sadly at go , then said : " i 'm pregnant ... " and gt out of ihs home .
he followed and apologized her .
he said he was drunk and did n't know what he wa saying .
then he hugged her .
he said he loved her and listed her forehead .
he ad to stay with her because of ... the baby .
he could n't must leave her carrying gis baby !
no ! he has never acted like this .
he know thay he had to say with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
he decided to give swimming up adn started to taking care of mel .
one day mrl was feeling really bad so tom took her to the hospital .
he felt that something bad was point to happen .
and he was right .
mel has lost ths baby .
tom had to make a hard decision .
his life was going to change .
mel was crying all day and tom could n't stand it .
he has broken up with mel and it made het much more sad .
he did n't care .
he thought it eas are fault that shs has lost their little human .
gliding in the waveseven if i am not a very interested in training , the sport i really prefer to practice is swimming .
the sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without wright , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the ait , is a wonderful state of mind .
i started to practice swimming in pool because i was n't able to swim at all , and i wanted to learn .
i have been taking lessons for six months , so i improved so much my abilities .
if you are not a good swimmer , you lose the bug part of pleasure of enjoying the wager , both in the wea or in tool .
practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if gou need to learn the basic movements , bu it is a very relaxing activity .
i recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it cah give a lot of satisfaction !
your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and yo can obtain it with practice .
introductionthis report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in castelldefeos .
activities to kill timeas our town is well - known for our magnificus beached along the mediterranean coast and for the olympic canal of castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the bash or canoeing and aquatic skiing on the olympic canal .
these activities are ths must popular and the most expensive too .
however , i fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
voters ideas to have fundin castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instances : are zuma masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
as i said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the olympic canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·reocmmendation
so , finally i suggest that it would be a great ide to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
if you tried apl th activities , you would spend a great time here , in castelldefels !
hi jane ,
how are you ? .
i as glad to hear from you .
i 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at salou .
you will come to the keys airport , right ? .
well , the airport is located just outside reus , it 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
you have to take a bhs because it is more economical than make a taxi .
the bus stops at the salou bus station .
when you get off thd bu you should ask someone fo the spring street .
it 's near there .
you can walk to my house .
moreover i end you a map in order to locate the street .
this is my address : 4 spruce avenue .
i 'm planning tour visit .
i 'd like to visit museums , monument and going to clubbing with you .
i 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
gest regards ,
marydear sergio garcía a ,
my have is guillermo zedillo torres .
i am engineer of election in mine , entitled in the " institute professional virginia gómez " .
i am particularly interested and i am competent to apply for the post of chief of operations at the we underground project chiquicamata .
in first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
on the other had , i have the theoretical knowledge to use new th technologies this great project requires .
i am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a than work to achieve thd objective and to continue with the prestige that you company has .
my work experience is very outstanding due to i had the privilege of belonging to the " mineral el trieste " as shift manager , chief of operations at " mineral angina " and at the evaluation department of codelco projects .
i really appreciate your time and consideration .
it would be a pleasure to discuss personally why i am qualified of this position .
i expect a prompt response of the company .
without further do , i remain yours .
guillermo zedillo tórrez
nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , fir me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means thay the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a jog in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
on the other hand , ard mode benefits , for example , if you want to trade to another a country is very useful to now a different language , because you cam understand all without complications .
finally , learning another language gives ths learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are mode possibilities to hage contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , tv programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
on balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if yo have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will being you many benefits .
a letter of complaintsjulio amarillomontano avenue n2pos code 1027 cáceres
august , 23rd 2014dear sir / madam ,
i am writing to complain about a recent package i received on monday last week .
i ordered two batteries model 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but i have only received one battery model 1212 .
one month go i ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online website .
i have a mobile model nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
the delivery was wrong , so now i am a huge hurry because i need my mobile to work every day .
if i have nog mobile i will not be able to work .
to resolve the problem i would like to receive thd batteries by express post .
the delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , it should be went iwth free delivery .
if i do not bear from you within the next two days , i shall be force to contact my solicitor .
you can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
i hope to hear fro you soon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
yours faithfully ,
julio amarillothe him of this report is to evaluate both bsd effects and gold effects from the users'opinions in the active leisure club in the last time .
first , people in this are have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a side range of activities , games which are held creatively abd effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the uses in the peak hours amd the guides are everywhere and ready give a help .
however , on one thing that we dislikedwith th purpose to attract more people to join in the club , besides its good points , i will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid the problemsgiven is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
design the bank notes are the first and indispensable step .
people should decide thw background colour and thw artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
then , skilled machinist would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
thw third section is to print the prepared bank notes .
usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
the colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the image will be slightly raises .
after that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
people usually divided the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
as for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets hut still good , people will cut them separately and pack the together in order to dispactihg and distributing the bank notes .
if the partially damage sheets rae bax , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distorted .
in conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
eventyough it seema to be east to makes them , but every steps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
a etter place to livebeginningseverything began a fw years before , when alfred , the major , dead an article about the importance of teh surroundings in health and happiness of people .
he started to thin how he could get better our lives and he round a solution .
a concerned populationwhile youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of teh cate of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaner the floor of or public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
easy recyclinglocal authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
th resultsas a result of this attitude , since alfred hae this great area , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
people now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in other to promote the care of our planet , breen planet is called .
we want a happy earth .
hello lie blanco ,
i 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " new cloud generation " project .
so we need your help with some questions about the process .
for your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work kill .
we also value that they have specialised studies in cloud technology , and hosting management .
however it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
is it possible to do thr meeting thi week ?
when wnd where do you prefer ? ( remember that i work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) i suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't hage to move to another place .
finally i need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of new cloud generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than i tell you before in tht e - mail .
pease , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
íñigo ojeda .
dear paul ,
what 's up ?
do you remember wen i told you i had been helped at a concert ?
it was really exciting and unforgettable experience and i enjoy that very much .
you probably wo n't believe me but i met all members of dem and , i talked to them and we has lunch together , they 're very nice men . because of helping them i had the best place during the concert and i have their autographs on the newest record . i did n't have many duties nad none of them were unpleasant .
in general i had only on duty that is checking quest list , above that i had to help in cleaning are after the concert .
but that concert was worth of my work , so i hope i will be invited to their next event .
working for them was a real pleasure .
i suppose we 'll see each other soon ad i 'll be capable of taking to you about this experience .
love ,
dominicanreport :
te him of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course i did in your branch in madrid last month .
in addition , i would like to give you dome suggestions i think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
first , i would like to stand lut the outstanding classmates there were in class .
they were not only really clever people bit also excellent co - workers .
working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject been english .
second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
they managed to encourage all of us every day .
this may we made th most of us and never gave up improving our english level .
third , phonetic classes scheduled on fridays came really in handy .
they helped me to pronounce words better that before starting the course .
however , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teal .
this wat we had been able to hear a native speaker and i think it would have been worth practising .
to wrap up th report must say that on the whole thd course was fantastic and i am looking forward to signing it again next year .
yours sincerely ,
juan orozcoi am keen on cinema thus i love to watch all types of films .
but , what films are in my top 100 list ?
in my opinion , babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a top 100 best movies .
i really enjoy it because the lot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
in addition , i think that thr settings are very realistic and the actors had a great performance .
therefore , i recommend that drama genre lovers watch babel as its message will more you .
it reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
my name is mohamed el - sharon .
i am 20 years old , living in port - said , egypt .
i am a student in ths 3rd year of te faculty of medicine port - saif university .
my father works as a teacher and so does my other .
i have one brother an one sister .
i have een doing judo for the past 11 years with a to of prizes .
my hobbies are travelling , reading stories nd writing my thoughts .
i am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so i am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as i wan to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in world health organization ( who ) .
it is n't just a dream in my mind but i work hard to make this team come true .
last two years , i worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
i believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so i chose this program as i want to learn and study , i want to know more and more .
in my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when i changed my career to medicine , i realized that allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
when i work anything i feel that i have the would in my hand so i can do anything for people .
ones of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one thw incurable like cancer , aids and hepatitis .
i asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
and what are the benefits of work and study ?
but if yoy sew your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
i learnt from research that ou an do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for teh better .
i like travelling an visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , i attended a lot of conferences in my field so i think this program is a chance for expedience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as i home to come back and teach others what i learn .
i am writing with reference to the post of jo as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
i have seen your advert this morning anc i am really interested in it .
although i am a young girls , i think i am a qualified person foe the post .
i am a preschool teacher ane i have experience looking after children from 3 to twelve years opd . i conspired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
i am good too at working in a team .
i do not like to be or keep alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
i really love being with people all the time .
i do not think being young will be a problem .
instead i believe it is an advantage .
young people are usually hard - working adn active person .
if you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
i enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . i would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
i would be really appreciate it because i am looking forward to starting work .
is there a future for privately owned cars ?
to be honest , i am not sure .
although privately one cars are more and more popular , ane they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
most people tday realize that in or cities and in ou planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
carbon based fuels will not last forever .
i would say that most probably private are are no " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
the population growth forecast tells us that in thd next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
i now that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with ita own private small helicopter .
but it is npt going to happen .
i guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
states and local authorities will have to tackle thr problem and provide the public with a better alternative . tohe price of independent transport will brow dramatically .
i reckon that that will change th habits of the public .
even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not lay attention on the teacher ; while the reached ask for te answer , students cab not answer because they totally can not remember what the have studied in last semester .
students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students usee to have fun instead of study , wnd partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
therefore , i agree with the statement that students could deceive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a yar studying .
more reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
to begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
for example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of north america before he start to teach the history of out america in the beginning of the semester .
it is very wasting gime and not efficient .
next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
for example , when the semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
in the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
last bjt not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a brak time .
for instance , learning english should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning english , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
in a nutshell , based on aforementioned , i totally i agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficiency education if they spend 11 month a yer studying .
my favourite sport is the soccer .
i enjoy this sport sine i was a child , i always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
my after was a professional soccer player so i think that i inherited this love for the soccer .
i played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
i always enjoy playing soccer because when i am in the playing field i forget all problems .
i like to speak with my team partners .
together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
when i play bad i feel nervous but my partners give me their unconditional support .
that is priceless .
i know the health is very important so if you practise this short there is a big probability that you are healthy .
so if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it ther are many options to practise whatever sports .
the soccer is not a violent report but sometimes it becomes .
in this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
finally i advise thar yoy enjoy playing this awesome sport .
on my vacation i went to new york .
i also went to the amazing niagara falls .
something that mad me happy was to see my family .
on september 12th,2014 i went to new york city .
in tye fy i was very happy because i received a lot of food .
the flight wa approximately five hors where i watch beautiful movies .
when i arrived my uncle was waiting for me and i gave nim a bug bug .
we went to long island because there he lives .
he have a really nice house an i was happy to see my little cousin " angel " who looks just like me .
in new work i eat so much , i also went to the city thay never sleeps , manhattan .
my uncle has the awesome ides of going to niagara falle .
we sent in car and it was about 8 hours long .
finally we arrived to niagara falls city that looks like a ghost place .
it doe not have too much to do but there were the falls .
i was amazed of how huge were the falls .
they were incredible amazing and beautiful .
i take too much photos because you do nt visit places pike that everyday .
something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
my uncle juan lives in united sates of america and i was very to hug him because i miss him a lot .
my cousin angel was very happy to see me and me oto , we are like siblings .
my aunt gave me a lot of presents because she day the do not ses me frequently and many other part of my family .
in conclusion i have a perfect vacation where i saw new things , visit awesome paces as niagara falls wnd time square , receiving a lot of presents and socially dat a to delicious food .
most attending students to universities are out of the city where they used to give , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have loe income .
other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independentlysharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be lore obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less tha four times than hiring an apartment , ad because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costsin spite all these benefits , i prefer if i can - to give in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
many years ago , i shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where i worst during my life , he eas dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that i choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will nog achieves when living in shared rooms .
they annoying mealthough tye federal government which is decided as a role of usa has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
the powerful of thw federalism which has lore liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their nerds , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
an example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit this marriage , others do n't .
also , the reading passage declares that even thw federal government let each state function independently , it still control on tye jain decisions .
this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to top illegal immigration to usa through nevada desert .
also thr control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some statesin conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy nd confusion in the responsibility .
travelling to a different country an be both exciting and frustrating at the same tome .
i think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
in order to enjoy travelling to mexico i would give tso important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy mexican food instead to critic about spicy savoy .
people say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , het away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
in order to enjoy a trip to mexico i suggest ghat the traveler find a manner to et alone with hus or her companion .
this minimal chance would make a bug difference when you visit other city .
as an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some picture , eat together , and visit places sith common interest such as museums or malls .
other advice that i would give to people coming to mexico is that enjoy for mexican fod .
mexican food as a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country .
for example , there are a lot of american people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the medical people used to use to prepare their food .
as advice i would suggest you to aak tor sauces with lower pepper .
in this way the visitors would be bale to enjoy mexican food sith less pepper nd the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
in conclusion , i offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : try to get alone with their companion in order to have fuh and try to enjoy mexican food because it is delicious !
after the internet was invented and revealed first time in august 29th 1969 , social media site ( sms ) is tye next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
sms such as facebook send out 70.00 messages , and 70.000 tweets are publicized on twitter each 60 seconds .
unsurprisingly , social consequences of facebook and twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
however , people who use facebook , twitter or sms in general , are not likely to hav their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
this essay will force on benefits and disadvantages of facebook and twitter , and also comments potential future of these implications .
communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through facebook and twitter .
the benefit of being from being connected globally to facebook and twitter is that messages cn be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
firstly , facebook and twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant good , and in here their negative feelings are expressed .
secondly , facebook provides the opportunity to remain in tour with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( oldmeadow , quinn , & power , 2013 ) .
that is to say , human behaviour on facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
thirdly , facebook cab be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
knowledge about the members increases continually , an moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their same interests by tye social network .
( emerald group publishing , 2013 ) .
finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through twitter .
tor instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
however , ude to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and als there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
however , information which is appeared on facebook or twitter rae easily accessible , therefore everybody cah easily response as a public opinion .
however , information which is appeared on facebook or twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
mostly facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
in fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
first of al , people can past any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
for example , after the premier of the hunger game was released , a fa posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by back person ( rauch and schatz , 2013 ) .
because of the accessible information through sms , it has led to many problems involve with cycle - bullying , cycle - adhering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( krishna , as cited in williams & metten , 2008 ) .
for example , krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called mr .
x " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
56.1 - 76.2 ) .
potentially , facebook and twitter , anc ems in general , ma replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel lore freedom or enjoy using facebook or twitter without have to view each other appearances .
therefore , it would be easier to be connected adn keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
the possibly outcomes might be the more tome people spend on sms , the elss communicate skills that they have .
in addition , to decrease teh risk of negative comments or posts , facebook and twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
for example , controlling what posts should be sen by adding more privacy options .
however , despite the useful of these implications , people should part attention that facebook and twitter could affect their social lofe by avoid using it most of the time .
in conclusion , the benefits from using facebook and twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they fee .
in contrast , because facebook and twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
photography classes foe everyoneintroductionteenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like facebook , instagram , pinterest , etc .
photographs are included in all of those sites .
also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc .
as a new college subjectthis practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
however , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consider as learning to draw .
both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
he reasonsrecent studies show that in the last twenty years more that 3,000 photographs ard take per person in the world , especially in thd latest generations liefs(teenagers and kids ) .
this increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of especial skills , techniques and knowledge .
what a lovely weather today !
that a wonderful day ! there is an april how and finally spring came .
a bright syn is shining , thw snow melted away in march .
the first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
they are singing funny and building their nests .
people look happier .
they are feeling tied after a ling snowy winter .
we set our clock forward one our in march .
the summertime was first introduced in england in 1908 .
the days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
we usually set our clock back an hour in october .
a lit of people are happy , because they van sleep ( for ) one hour more .
hockey as a life stylealthough all sports help you to have a healthy live , hockey provided you mor than just being healthy or fit .
what are you thinking of whenever yo choose a sport ?
gou think that your if style will improve ?
well yo ate mistaken .
for doing different kind of sports you nerd to be skilled or willing to try ew things .
what if you do n't have none of those requirements ?
then you know hockey is the answer .
hokey is a sport i have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
it 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work it people . in simple word ,
it 's a team sport .
however it 's ot always as simple as it sounds .
you have to train five days a weei and you need to concentrate a lot .
on the other hand i enjoy every second of it .
through all my life i have been willing to improve in this spot and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
wh will i recommend this to you ?
it would definitely help you to how and improve as a person .
hockey will change the way you see the world and yo are going to start seen it with other eyes .
so stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
as far as i 'm concerned , public transportation is the be transport media of environmental carr .
in spite of some people make enough money to but their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional comes ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones abd that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
the environmental are is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
the government and many companies are measuring th co2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
if people do n't use public transportation , they could wal , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from teh place where yu live .
from my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
i think the government will slow own the fee in public transportation , that would make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from co2 emissions nad prevent the global heating .
in collado city council , people are well informed about taking cate environment .
the city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
there are many ecological islands .
each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
there have been several planting campaigns to plant trees nad to clean the river parama side .
nevertheless it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have must of the blame .
since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emir less ar pollution .
te organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
the most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
or planet is in such a difficult situation thar we have to take over thd problem .
a problem which was cause by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
my family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
we usually use the public transport , which has a get quality in the city i lived .
it works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth .
we live in a cottage wnd we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
the benefits are given to severa organizations which tae of care of the environment .
my sister teaches people what to do with things they want to run of , auch as bottles or papers .
she is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following er !
it shows that this kind of things fan have a second life .
as soon as thr last river ends the southern border of egypt is were .
the nie river is the origin of th ancient egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
all historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
and as for me , i totally support their point of view .
egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert sahara .
alo over the time teh nile is the only source of water for egyptians .
furthermore , elevation of he water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
the egyptians called their country ' black land ' to mark it of of the ted soil of desert .
nowadays , deep and wife valley of ths nile became the most important transport like for egypt .
through the centuries people have been exploring thr nature of the nile .
the ancient egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
they knew when it will be the ' green lie ' or ' red nike ' to stock up with clean water .
gut such high level of development of egyptian civilization has the negative side as will as positive .
the great amount of dam were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a not of plants and animals .
anyway , a of of egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
but i hope , as soon as egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
when most people think about an important historical place in italy , they think of diogo , in milano .
but the cuomo is not the most important .
i am sure tou 'll agree that it 's thr colosseum .
foe centuries this building had been teh symbol of this city .
it quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who cole every year .
it was built in 79 a.c. by tito , wh was the roman emperor .
it was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pot .
moreover navy wars weee represented in order to celebrate roman army .
it is ruined through the age , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
in my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
however ot all people are aware of it .
it 's or strength and every time i go beyond i realize how many people succeeded in building it .
that 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
in this fast moving world transport has become an important factor fod everyday activities .
everybody need a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
there is no point in saying public transport has no future .
travelling through far is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
there are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society .
variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
using public transport is a time east and no privacy ar some of the disadvantages .
similarly travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
everybody cah not afford a travel through ca as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenientand sophisticated wnd can travel faster .
to sum up with it is nt appropriate to sat that there is no future fo public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages .
sometime i think that taipei is too crowded .
there is no denying that the not in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
however , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
they occupy tok many seats , including priority seats .
furthermore , most of them are students .
they do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing ans teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have old them not to do this .
moreover , i think that provide the set to elders is also a problem .
priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders bjt aso soe adult need it .
somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodie feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to some misunderstanding between them .
some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
moreover , some old people would take this consideration action for granted abd they would even command young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
in my opinion , the transportation in or city have nothing to criticise expect tht .
everyone should develop the awareness of public manner .
television is an important part of modern culture .
we depend on television for entertainment , education , news and filmstv has much benefits :
firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
tv can aft as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on tv programs by getting books on th sam subject or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
nws , current events amd historica programming can help mak young people more aware of other cultures and people .
documentaries can elp develop critical thinking about society and the word .
tv can help introduce youth to classic hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
cultural programming can one up the world of music and art for young people .
buy television have also negative effects : first of will , children who spend a great eal of time watching television get less exercise .
in addition , thes children receive less socialization sith other children .
television als takes away from family time .
this is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
i deal with consulting and sale of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
i follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the him of customer satisfactioni also work with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , portability and investments goo .
i worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , anf cross - selling products .
in many years of work i have honed my skills in managing not - standard situation , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
not - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding anc implementing practical and easy solutions .
i have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , i like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
i 'm careful to keep the goals of the team in which i work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve te foals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
i worl for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
needs to work my husband has been living in zaandam , i want to find a new job in holland to rejoin our family .
i like sports such as skiing , riding amd swimming . i 've also got the rescue licence , i worked as a lifeguard in the summed studying vor the patient odi dive masternowadays we all hope , that public transport can save the work .
when we zee all ths cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that ine day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
if we do n't do it , one dat we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
but , probably , this situation is only period of development of transport .
we are told about a lot of innovations in thos sphere .
for instance , google reported about googlemobile .
maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart them people .
if thet will contact each other and use googlemap or something like tat , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
so people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
not all people kike the idea of googlemobile .
some people think , it might take away their independence .
but another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
however , there will always be people who dislike to be a drive anyway .
and people who hate public transport , there sill always be .
the question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , ans , finally , who will decide .
how many language do you speak ?
did you ever think of learning another foreign languages ?
or do you wan to be a polyglot ?
today it is miles time important to learn a foreign language than before .
there are few reasons which show you wht it is important to learn a foreign language today .
first , if you are planning to trade to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it maes your trip ore easy and comfortable .
second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in ths international level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting now its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches you knowledge .
over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
from newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greece .
humans always desire to hav a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the earth at the same time .
high - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
various factories admit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
all the examples above will enhance th temperature ans make the earth hotter and hotter .
the higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
if people around ths world could n't out more emphasis on oud living places , we must have a dark abd hopeless future .
du to the climate change , the weather is so to that people could even have a water shortage .
losing enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and rough .
in this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , ther will be more fight , hatred and sadness .
everyone lives in despair , btu can not find the entrance to brightness .
the terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
friends , from mow , let us be th members to protect and take care of our earth !
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it .
the undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
when people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , needs will roll .
hou have to be precise , fast , and a really gold actor .
the passion vor the cause is the key to survive .
it is just something that i had to do , no ou , nt her , me .
i did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
year sir or madame ,
i would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which i saw advertised .
for the last two years i have joined the swimming group at the university .
i managed to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
i believe i am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills i have .
on the other hand i completed the first aid course , in thr red cross .
the job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience i have gained abd what is more it would provide me new knowledge .
please do ont hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
i am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
i look forward to hearing from youyours faithfully ,
sebastián hernándezin our modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
in addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and the want to leave from this condition in holidays .
therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit fr people .
in holidays , people can away from daily problems and also ca take more time with their friends and family .
in this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about had situations on their lives .
for example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
on the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experiences about life .
people can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
fir instance , in stressful lide conditions people can mame had decisions for their future .
besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
the reason is that people must complete their masks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
it cab be clearly esen that in holidays people are getting closer adn they remember their feelings .
for example , people meet their relative that never see for a long time .
at the same time , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits ane souls .
they can peay cor god and it gives a relief for people .
when people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become mire happy . because people been to leave the material world .
in holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
in conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to more away modern life that has full of material subjects .
cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in spain .
however , the government and the local councils of big cities such as madrid or valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
on the one hand , there are man benefits of cycling .
firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers co2 emissions .
furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
on the other hand , there ars some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
another disadvantage is the weather .
getting wet when it rains , having to do a not of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
in my point of view , cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to fact the disadvantages of this activity .
no ons can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
for example , people taking cad do not need to spend time waiting fr ther bus or subway .
and this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
when the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
even though car could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
first , publix transport is good fo the environment compared to private car .
as we all know , thr more public transport passengers use , the less car exhausts ade emitted per person .
decently , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between far exhausts and lung cancers .
in other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings for suffering of diseases and saving life .
second , public transport saves coty spaces .
as more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays oud cities become larger and more crowded .
correspondingly , the space for each person becomes mors limited than before .
provided that every citizen owns a car amd uss it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , i suppose ghat our streets would become a parking place nd everyone would spend more time in converging .
last bt not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
the drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a sense spirit .
for a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
people can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
though there are many advantages for public transport , it does hot mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
e.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude thay one transport cah replace others .
it is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit ne .
languages for the futureshould learn other languages ? .
we live in a world thay may to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
i think there are many reasons to learn languages .
on the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
also in recent years to express yourself in english , french , germany and russian hs became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
i think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
als i consider that it ends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
it seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
ryan francisco xavier n3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 14dear usa summer camps ,
i am writing in response to your advertisement for a jon .
i had a part - time job as baby - sitter and i take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
i worked in an easter camp too ans i have already prepared lot of activities , like " rapper " , pinball ...
that is for these reasons i think i have the skills for the job .
i can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
i hope you considerate me for the job , rodrigotoday , i went to my winnie 's home with adriana in the afternoon .
we are delicious food and play interesting games altogether .
we has a great time .
at 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at winnie 's home .
first , we listened to some songs , such as almost and biv big world .
after thirty minutes , we had tea .
minnie loves saying very much so i dan easily find much food at her home .
we had mouth watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea an they were extremely yummy .
after having tea , we play hide - and - week altogether in winnie 's garden .
adriana and i hid behind a bench and winn looked fir us .
suddenly , winnie fell over a little stone .
adriana amd i immediately cme to her and help her up . '
tour knee is bleeding .
are you okay ask .
i was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since i was worried about winnie .
i has butterflies in my stomach.'hes , i am fine , ' winnie replied .
i felt relieved then .
then , adriana found a plaster an lut it on winnie 's sound .
winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
i felt glad today although winnie hurt herself .
shy ?
it is because or friendship is more rugged .
what an unforgettable day !
in my opinion the use in the future will be bette .
house of the future will be big and bright .
inside will be full of conveniences .
big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zone and so on .
in house of ths future there will be automatic curtains reacting to tye light in every house .
television will be cordless , as this way as at present internet .
very house will be flexible .
thanks to that it can expand or reduced .
everything depends on the number of people .
swimming is my favourite sort .
why do i like swimming ?
well , swimming has always been an olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , bur you ca also enjoy teamwork when yo participate in swimming competitions .
it is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at an and but children can start to pearn swimming as early as two years of age .
swimming uas different types ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke abd breast stroke .
swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you ard obese and need to reduce your weight , it is also the best sports for the automatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
if you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your ago .
hello paul ,
i enjoyed helping at the concert which was in ankara on october .
i had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
i get a lo of experience from them .
in the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
i saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
for example the know everything about each helper 's jobs but on ths same rime they just concern own subjects .
i want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
in the convert morning were excited and thinking about the concern and we decided do hot think about the convert just do your job wich would be given .
when we were arranging concert plan we made work sharing for will of us .
some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
my job wass checking songs list which singers would perform .
i think it was thr most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
they were always wanted to change some songs which was on the list .
on the concert time i was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
actually everybody an be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
finally concert started and all thd lights were shining like stars .
it is difficult to explain that feeling .
when the concert finished i felt like a bird which flying freely .
of course i had some pain in my kegs because all the time i as standing .
however , i like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
i wang to invite you to or next concert which will be next month if you gave ang time please come and see ho we are preparing fir the concert .
i am waiting for your email .
see you !
technology is changing the way we live in many says and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
from black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
from buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive gus stop signs .
te recent developments in nobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
'' sure that in the very near future , if i have been looking for restaurants in mallory in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of mallorcas , or an add from tripadvisor with majorca in it .
it will suit me sometimes , wnd it even will be useful , but i 'm also sure sometimes i will ind it aggressive .
the way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
advertisement light be considered an arf , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at thd wrong time they loose they artistic side .
but , technology is are for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
if i could change on thing in my life , i would like to change my house .
i 'd like to have a bi detached house in suburbs of artem or vladivostok .
so that i could live mire freely and independently .
if i had this house , i would decorate it in modern stay .
i would build there fitness gtm , wardrobe room , swimming tool .
if i had such house , i would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
i could invite my friends and relations .
together we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
when it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
though i am a beginners of it , i think it 's interesting since it requires a lo of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
when i feel stressed off , i always play tennis to release my pressure .
if you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to gst a suitable rocket fo ou first .
as the proverb goes : if yu want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
next , you are required to learn very basic skills step by step .
since tennis requires logs of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technical slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during the practice .
finally , finding a good reached is is lso critical .
a skilled coach can tech you the best skills of tennis .
do we have better television than a few decades ao ?
do we have enough choices in teh screen ?
can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
that was only 30 years ago .
an explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties .
in this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
number of channels are gradually reducingin our country one decade ago when digital tv arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
alo tv tried to bet several licences to distribute their shows .
in order to resolve some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two tv groups .
less channels means less choices .
internet tv is increasingit costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or thar television program .
you just follow a suggestion made base someone .
you just click on it .
they have to reduce their budgetdespite of changing channels we see the same news .
big broadcast groups are used by all of them .
it is expensive to keep journalists abd camera all around thr world .
it is cheaper to buy it .
summarytv is dying .
it is hard to compete with the internet .
nowadays only national or international broadcast groups can be in th match .
perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
however the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
dear mrs hopkins ,
i have seen your advertisement in the newspaper amd i am writing to express an interestto join your small group on a trip around the world .
i am a 20-year - old student for switzerland speaking german , french and english abd i am keen on travelling .
with several trips to manu countries i have made until now , i would may that i have already some experience in travelling around the words .
i am interested in to join your group , because i like meeting new people from other countries and i would like to explore new countries around the world .
for tsn years i have been in a scout group in which i have learnt a lot about different kinds to fins a say or to orientated myself in ths wilderness .
furthermore i feel suitable to join our group because i lime travelling and i would like to be a part of your adventure .
i look forward to hearing from you .
dear steve ,
it was food to hear from you .
basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , i mean , not only the english language but also to know mor about your culture and visit nice places of our country as well .
as i told you before i ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
gut i anna find a job to help yim with tye bills .
can you give me a hand on it ?
you can also help me to find a ceap place to rent .
it will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the cambridge university where i 'll study english fir 5 months .
thanks for all your help and i look forward to hearing from tou .
best wishesjojo mateshi john ,
i am looking forward to seeing you .
first of all , you should get outside of the airport terminal .
there you will see bus station in the street .
when you get there take te bus which has number 111 .
the ride to the bus stop " zličín " .
there you can get to the underground station abd travel to the centre of prague .
if you choose this way , i 'll call you in the morning to tel you where will we meet exactly .
but if i were you i would make a ai fir the underground is quite bring , but it is cheaper .
anyway , you need to get to the centre . i 'll wait for you there .
finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usa at this time of year .
that 's any yo do n't have to take warm clothes .
i am delighted to see you soon .
best wishes ,
jacobin my opinion we should go to thr restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
firstly , we can discuss the of food we want to est .
actually , students eat a lit fast foo while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons i think tat the best restaurant is somewhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
on the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , i like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or les a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and i think that we must voet this , because we will have a goof night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
in conclusion , i think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , oud hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
i would likes to go to foster 's hollywood .
i love the food here and i think my classmates to .
you can it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
they are incredibly delicious .
i do not know how do they make and cook them .
these burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
i can not say how they are because yoy have to taste then .
it is a flavour similar to stay in th heaven or in the paradise .
i recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
you will want to come another tim .
however , if you do not like burgers you can east whatever you want of american good nd you will gt the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another mal .
public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
more than a billion people hse buses , taxi 's and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
many even use cars .
though travelling by car is more convenient hut it is expensive .
that is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of th countries of the world .
while travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following ways :
1 . people can save th money they spend on petrol .
2 .
as they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
i disagree with thr statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the fish and ths poor .
middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by say .
it is because of high taxes on goods .
so , i believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as thet were in the stone aeg .
public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
nowadays people have different views about reading book and watching movies .
some of them think that books are more interesting than them film versions .
i agree with this point of view .
i tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
firstly , reading help to become a will educated person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
thar 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
when you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
you can imagine how heroes look like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
ad finally , i think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
on the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
because you can watch it with your friends .
aldo many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
it 's so exciting .
but apl these factors aer not important for me .
i suppose thay books ade better than them film version .
to sum up , i 'd like to sau reading is really great thing .
a girl was walking home one dat .
she waas with her mum ..
the wax just a young beautiful girl !
so , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a who .
ehe had blond hair anf sh was wearing a blue dress , white loves and black shoes .
just like her ... 'mum i love this doll!cohld hou be it for me ? '' seh said .
her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
oh!the hill ha so many special moments with her doll!!they looked so adorable together!they were like twins !
after some years the girl decided that she had to move .
she was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
so she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
at night sbe heard some creepy noises from there ...
she went there ane hera was the doll with a knife in her hnd.''bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?are tou boring of me?just because i have only one eye?but you removed me the other one .
just because i do n't have one if my gloves?bvut hou did it agaij!''she screamed .
and than ...
next day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
so , sh went upstairs ...
the girl had a knife in her beck and on the wall there eas a sentence,''why did you leave me that way ? ''
tennis is an individual sport .
just you have to deal with the game .
you can choose lost of places to play .
you need a goo pair of shoes , a tennis racket wnd some balls and person who play with .
although you would be good at playing backhand or forehand , you cab lose finally .
this sport is mot just about a physical power .
you supposed to use your brain as well .
it is combination of a physical power , a technique nd a mental power .
as the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
i mean professional tennis .
some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
it is not fair enough .
children should play games , not just tennis , because it is un , it develops their skills , hells to physical health and so on .
yo fan start if you ars grown up anyway .
it is never toi late .
either you can fin a professional coach or just join your friends .
enjoy !
der nrs kate ashby ,
my name is andrea cocci , i 'm sixteen , and i saw the advertisement of the weekend work in you cafe , wnd i 'm interested to work with you .
i ' m ther perfect choice for this wok , in fact , i 'm interested in different kids of food because i am italian , and for us food is everything .
in italy , i attend school for waiter and cook , ans sometimes i cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and i was assumed in many famous restaurant .
ibm also good at dealing with people , in fact since when i was younger , i have done teh animator at the summer vamp of alpignano , the with there i lived , and i spent a log of time with children and adults .
i also worked for man theater companies and i am so good and kind when i talk with other people , also if i do n't know them .
at the end , i 'm also prepared to work long hours , shen i worked with my aunt in nis safe , i worked from eight a.m. and i lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult gut i did it all das .
i look forward to hearing from you soon ,
andrea cocciessayin today 's essay i am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying english abroad .
is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study english ?
it is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
talking it english native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
however , you will hav to spent a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goal at all so it would be able to come a real nightmare if you are not focus on our learning tasks .
from my point of view i think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved fr it .
bug if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the internet to learn everything you need .
you can even talk with native speakers by using some hat rooms online such as skip and others .
football , a passionwhen i was little i had tried a lot of sports , handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not pne of those , it is a sport that i have never imagine : football .
all my life i thought that football was a sport which was for men , not fr girls , bug once i tried it , i loved it .
hage you ever think about playing football ?
at first , when i started to play football i did it with my classmates , wh where all boys , so i used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to integrate me when they play , ad nowadays , i love playing football with them .
now , some women and i started to organize female matches , so i am more used to play with girls . i never imagine that i was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
i think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or ger life .
one thing tou should keep in mind if you want to play football is that yoy have to be ready to reactive some punches .
i recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
i have bene there twice , and i like it .
its name is " the english oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with british food .
the service is excellent abd the waiters are so pleasant an gentle .
the interior is ig , so all thr class could stay inside without problems .
the decoration is modern nad cozy , and it 's go some great traditional british objects .
the food is one of the best things in the restaurant tha is always tasty and fresh .
the go a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
they have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
the desserts are very good too .
they 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
there is a biv variety of icd creams .
this restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
the restaurant is in the shopping center , so we ca get there by bus or by train .
i think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as upon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
during whole lofe , famous people , such as politicians anf film stars , media ae accompanying them .
in my view , public person deserve to have their own lide , without photographing .
in one hand , becoming a public person associate with journalist , mass - media , flashes .
famous people arte obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
however , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
people are thought being jealous .
notice any kind of failures .
it seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective influence on society which assess celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
in the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
the value of their talent , abilities are counted in about of tabloids scandals .
summing up , all over the world , ar living famous people wh do n't bring intro the limelight their life .
it has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there sre some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
however , people should thin about the large advantages , sich as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
firstly , the main reason is th cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
he cars need to be repair ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pah some taxes .
in addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around teh country and city .
secondly , another reason is tye global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
if you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a for of people who travel together in only one transport .
finally , the last season is the comfort because yo have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the icty .
besides in some cities , car can no be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
from my point of view , i get used to walking around my city an my far is jut used if i travel around the country .
we are living in a ever changing world .
today 's new things become things of past in few months .
take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time ands people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
however , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
last 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
today , we have all the information at finger - tips .
today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , google maps are always there to help .
we ned ont to cran english words today , as we ca quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
meeting new people or selling your products , yoy do nt need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
today ou lives have become much more comfortable tha past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
on the other hand a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
terrorist activities causing havoc in public live .
corruption and greed of people in power makin it difficult to trust people leaders .
if these challenges ae not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives of people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
we need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who may concern ,
i 'm an italian girl who 's studying to improve her english . i 've of a positives an energetic personality .
i read your advertisement on your website and i immediately thought " that 's vor me , i 'm the right person for this kin of job ! " .
perhaps , tou 're wondering why i should be the right person .
that 's soon said .
i 'm motivated , flexible and openhanded person an i had a lot of experience in this field as well .
i 've worked as social trainer and as educators since i sas 16 .
i love doing social activities and planning events .
when i worked as educator , i used to plan and manage some sports abd outdoor activities .
i had a very great memories of their experiences and i would really like to live them again .
if you are interested , please hage a look at my cv .
as you requested , i attach it in this mail .
vest regards .
personally , movie phones are very important in my life .
i need that device near me because i have three children and i want to know how and where they are .
th same about my parents ; they are ld and sometimes they call me for tali about their health .
concerning video - games , i agree with scientists that they though its help children 's train to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
however there are brilliant games for children .
in my opinion , the internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
it is very common to use the internet in my work for research or google information and also connect hit other teachers , speak about courses abd change information .
finally , i think technological development make us improve to thd future .
friends should be like a shadow always beside yo .
in the time of joy and sorrow .
nothing is impossible in lofe but not doubt it is of easy to find sincere friends .
it dose not means you will never find one .
it is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
the more people you will meet thw more each it will become for you to find a friend .
when you find and spend time with these , are views , ideas and go out with them .
friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share heir views about it .
the guardian is a british daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
you could find a variety of articles such as politics , business and money , sports , culture , education , life and style , travels , the weather and the environment .
there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
readers are able to express their opinion freely .
they use a quality english language which avoids slang language .
as result , it is suitable for students who learn english language to improve their english .
on the other hand , i realised there were two disadvantaged .
for example , it is of suitable fir children due to official language . there were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which male the readers bred .
overall , tye guardian is considered on of the best newspapers in the work .
nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people sre smart and economy very highly developed .
some people think that we need in tablet computers instead hooksin my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
sometimes then i am watching tv or i am leading newspaper i notice that gadgets become very useful for our life it seems to me good opportunities to make one life more easily .
also it makes us more clever .
i am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday like is rather good .
people do not nee to carry a lot of book in a bag pupil could not say that he let a book because he has all books in his tablet computerssome people think that it is a bed idea .
they believe that it is useless thing fod our generation .
such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
they insist on not using tablets at school .
personally for me , i like books very uch when i at hime i use books because i like to small and to touch the paper of books .
i do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
we should use it but we are must not forget about books .
in conclusion , i sant to may that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lies easierthe big mistakethis day was full of joy and happiness , bt something went wrong after when she told him ghat she is pregnant .
she was so happy about this news anc she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
at the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
it was too much for him .
he thought it 's easier to wall away and avoid this conversation with her .
he trier to understand what 's going on with him .
it was weirs how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
one part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his ne of the biggest dream , bur on the other and he could n't handle this news .
this woman , who stand next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
he should be happy and hug her and celebrate thie good news .
bug somehow he did n't feel anything .
all that he felt wax anxiety .
he could n't handle the feeling , hen she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
he knew tha she loves him as much as he loves er , but everything was just toi wrong on this moment .
her voice , are smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
she could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family ans he said that he would like to have is with her .
and now , he just avoids jer and he is not happy about the news .
it was a big mess .
she was mode than happy and he could n't handle thi news .
they both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , bu it was top much for hum .
he stood up and said to ger girlfriend that he needs a break anc he have to be alone .
michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
to the beginning i am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why i will enjoy the sport .
in fact , i do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if i really need do some exercises that i like to go to sri in the swimming pool .
firstly , i think , swimming pool is hearing .
such as after swimming that i have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
secondly , i do not like to go to beach , this is because i do nog like big sun and said .
third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
however , i like to stay in the swimming pol during the summer .
actually , i do not know how to swim bur it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
moreover , i think before any kid of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . if we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
in conclusion , my opinion is i do not like to do any sports but we need to choose on kind of sport in ou life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
even you really do not like to do exercise that you an go to shop .
th purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect teh environment as thw main issue to improve our quality of life .
in the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that caleres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pius fo centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
as a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
the local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
that 's the reason why it as been working on the recovery of som areas which are nw parks or recreational areas .
finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of ths citizenship who is really concerned about th recycling of waste need .
in fact , around 90 of caleres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
and tht is th negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
i woke up today and i just remember that i was doing a presentation about landscapes , and thw ones that do it will reward a bonus point buy anyways thos is n't important information .
i searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
i get a bi scared so i search them outside in th street .
i did n't know that a bomb hit on the city and killed almost everyone , new i have to find my parents .
i think the reason why i id n't know about the explosion is because this part there i live is a very poor are and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does tye explosion it .
finally in some days i found some neighbors with some food , i was starving to death so i ate a lot .
we mare some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
i think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
so everybody is gun na try to enforce tye laws .
in the next morning i atr a piece of streak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to ill ad eat us .
in the night i was thinking about many things just when i heard some noises .
i stalked him and it seemed thar this guy gas a jump .
i stomp his and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
we were talking about this when a dog just came ear ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
he bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
we saw that beast eating or friends and the food .
in some ways that se robbed thr food in the night and i wake up it was goods for my survival .
but if i had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am i going i would not do it because i have to face all of this .
going exercise is good for your healthwhy do you have to exercise ?
what benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
do you know that 75 of people in mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a bib problem to or society abd is thd problem number 1 of why mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
doing exercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you exercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
there 's a loy of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise like reducing or take control of you re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you fan make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
now days ther 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice ay short , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise crossfit or something like that .
soccer it 's a great sport where you an make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's hot easy to control the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
i recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
is there any future to public transport , fod travelling by car is much more convenient ?
many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
this composition wil explain the two different opinions .
firstly , the car is more convenient because thee is privacy .
also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
there is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
on thd website of the scottish government ( publication " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - i refer going in the cae , it 's quicker ...
there 's not as many people around you ... i prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
although they are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
need , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - on my wage , even the driving lessons sre expensive .
then just owing a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
obviously it would benefit me if i worked in edinburgh , but i do n't work in edinburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 years ole bly .
now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
according to the saigon times , there ars a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
the main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
it is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi wben they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
finally , many developed countries on the world , such as england , america , canada , mapan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jam have been decreased .
as a result , the economy has been increasing .
from this analysis , it obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
topic :
do you agree or disagree " always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
even hough being truthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feeling and is unwise .
another reason for not telling ths truth all the tim is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employer .
it is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
to further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the true at all time .
for example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes jot fitting in the occasion .
people usually tend npt telling her the truth since it could make here feelings .
instead of doing so , people my praise her with other things on her .
in hat case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mod .
the other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of ths time it is strange ane inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just get acquainted .
if there are questions about things one do not want other people to now , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
if i was having a day of to go to a doctor , i would prefer other people from asking details about it by say tha i just had some errands to run .
these are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
last friday , michael and i eas in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
when we were in the class , suddenly michael walked towards the door .
michael closed the door wnd knew at ther moment he made a mistake .
due to this , were bot called to meet the headmaster .
i could n't understood why we needed to set the headmaster just because michael hae closed the door .
the door eas n't broke not pieces or gell down .
my curiosity hd put me into a big trouble .
i asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer i wanted .
however , things do n't happened like what i hoped .
i ended getting expellee from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected michael and i steal our classmate - sally 's wallet .
i could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to sea out .
i finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocent ones as we dell into the trap .
we wiped off or tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
although , one day later teh headmaster found out the truth through cctv , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
this is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
dear usa summer camps ,
my name is bianca provesi , and i have read your advertisement for the jib .
i consider i am the right person for this job because , firstly , i speak fluent and clear english which is very important to communicate .
also , i have a good relation with little is , i use to look after my niece and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover i am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
furthermore , i am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as i can invent new and entertaining games tor the kids to have a great time .
i like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which ae important for the kids development .
i am not very good t cooking but because i never hav time to dedicate tile on that .
i think that if i watch ans learn now to do it i would learn very fast and van dominate it .
that is a good quality of mine , i learn thing very fast and i aso can get used to he thing .
i am very exited about this job and i hope you reply soon .
biancaday number 8 .
we were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built abd wrote in wall near to thd shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone tht needs supplies he would find some applies and ammo to survive .
we start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # less on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , i was seeing my little group to # diminish abd some of us were # allergic to some plant , i was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
i thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection i could actually be the # revolutionary gu that helps everyone that was in my # skeptics and i was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , i would n't actually sacrifice myself i have to think about is it help the entire world or must save a group the decision sas in my has it was # conventional to help the entire world but i do n't many to die . while i was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in thw group one of those guys we wanted to find and live not dead his fac was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
we needed to find thd ones that were still alive or at last tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hunger and we havant eaten anything in a ew days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
we found a pharmacy and a restroom there we could get a meet and take a slower to clean ourselves .
we got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and i got someone to check us in the night i needed some rest and sent to sleep immediately .
in my area there are many railway lines nad they 're often overcrowded .
bug private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that turn is the town of fiat , thr well known factors .
near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
when you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shows new to you some .
if you like shopping , in the perimeter of the gown , there are some gig supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of europe and above .
like all thw industrialised countries , a connection to the internet is granted almost for each area amd each building .
at the end , the taxi are present and they coger all the town , but this service is less organised and developed that the english ne .
there is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
to my mid there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
in my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private the .
as far as i 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people sho wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
but on the other and , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
this rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
i know that catching celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
to my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with lore money in theirs bank accountsso , as you can see i agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life an the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
the may runneri recently watched this new film based on pne of the books of this worldwide known author .
as i have an interest in thrillers , i decided to give it a tty .
ths poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
the film stars by putting yourself in the flash of the make character , which is a 16-year - ol boy who finds himself imprisoned in a case and being transported to what it seems to be a camo .
he has no ide his he ended up there .
however , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
the people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menace of the made .
he good the rolle of a runner , thr people responsible for exploring the mass and look for an exit of this place .
still , they only have the daylight time to explore the maize , as when the sun goes own it becomes very dangerous .
the film keeps getting better anc better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover somethin that hidden inside the maze .
i heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
i 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what i love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
i love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you pink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of thr bal in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , ans se te energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
personally winning such a set maks me feel like i could do anything , but when i do n't , it still keep me wanting more .
i am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pas nad set better , and serve in more different ways .
i live in new lethal .
my area is very clean and very green .
people there are vert friendly and helpful .
it is a good place to like .
one tile pr week on wednesday , rubbish are taken .
of course garbage is sorted into different bins .
tat is very good idea , because that rubbish undergo a recycling .
all my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
every body care about cleanliness in the front of the house anc in th garden .
especially spring is a loy of colours and pleasant odors .
new lethal have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
green rime in my town is really fantastic .
i have recently eaten at black bear restaurant , a typical sicilian restaurant in trecastagnj , a little town near catania located under the etna volcano slope , and i found that restaurant was easy the best i have eaten in .
there were two tools , smoking room or non - smoking room .
the surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
as i was eaten with my friend moreno and has other , i managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and i really liked chaining be , it was very tasty .
aol the ingredients wer clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
the price as n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
but i would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal as a little expensive and i will no doubt be back for other diners .
drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
they have been present in our societies since ever .
cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known tor apl of us .
legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
imagination has a link with the illegality of this activity .
also this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because thd majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
th real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addition that can destroy our lives .
i think everyone has proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , nd i do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and trey new things .
but we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not or dail life because it is very dangerous as some people are nog able to put deadlines to themselves .
finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how thd taxes work in our country so i do not how if it is a good idea or bot .
hi shoot ,
that sounds great , i 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to saudi arabia , i 'm gin na be able to see you after a long time .
by luckily , i 'm having an exam on thursday so i ca n't meet you but yu can make me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
my school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto aljameah street when turn right beside the farce of lau university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
so excited to see ou !
bye for now .
noun .
der les ,
firstly , spain is a great lace for holidays in summer .
in that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
if you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to barcelona where gou will be able to sed la sagrada familia , which was built by antoni saudi , or la anambra in granada , which is one of ths seven wonders of thw world .
in madrid yoy can go to visit some museums , like the reina sofia or el prado .
on the other hand , if you wang to see some wildlife , you must visit cabarcenos national park in calabria , what is like a little safari , or donna national park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
if i were you and i had a completely summer to enjoy spaun , i would stay one week in each place , and i rent a car in order to move between the cities .
i recommend you not to take warm clothes .
i hoe you enjoy your summer .
adrian .
bart simpson is my favourite fictional character on tv .
he is the eldest son of ths simpson family .
bart is then years old and is a typical american child .
he gas yellow skin amd big eyes , he is blond amd uas gotspiky hour .
bart always wears a red t - shift ans blue shorts .
the most important thing for bart is to be the most popular student in hos school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
his parents and ths school principal often punish him .
beat is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student anf he hates nerds .
although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he help is sister when she need him .
in the simpson family all the characters re very funny .
a lot of magazines say the simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and i absolutely agree .
of me , bart is funnier than homer , although mist magazines say that homer is thr best characterit was one dreary rainy sunday morning .
i was n't in thw mood to go kut anyway .
everything suggested that i wo n't vet otu of the house cor quite a while .
suddenly , ther as a heavy knock on the door .
who on earth could that be ?
who would haver even bothered to pat me a visit during thi bloody awful weather ?
my concerns were answered swiftly , for thw nan on my threshold helped : " i have a letter for mr. samson !
" i was quits surprised , to be honest , i had n't received a letter for months .
i opened it and quickly scanned the text .
at first , i had observed the letter cautiously , bt then i notice my uncle 's name in it .
although , i had n't met him a single time , this letter was is past will and i learned that i inherited a good deal of money .
fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
exaltation seized my mind instantly , but i soon began to worry : " shat will i do with this amount of money ? "
wel , the task i have chosen is about the own where i have been staying for last term years .
actually , this town is located in thr middle of hills and a river without water .
i am very much worried about the town where i am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things thet do every day .
first of all they are very dirty by nature .
they are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
so called people of good nature are inactive anf talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for ths betterment of their own town .
all the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and when do n't bother about thes order of the municipality .
i see all these during my morning walk .
what i feel is that everyone sho are staying the town should at least keep clear their own front places and sides surrounds them .
i am upset about it and whenever i get a chance i speak with my fellow people and look of their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
people ard not self - centred and very narrow minded .
though they are becoming so called educated bit in real sense the are still savage .
dear ms. ashby ,
yesterday i was in green pepper cafe for a meal with colleagues and i have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your are .
i am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
i am a tourism student amd i need to work at weekends to pay my studies .
i have worked ne year in london as waiver in hard ock cafe and 6 months as waiter also in marconi 's caf in berlin .
so i have experience in service , costume care and working long hours .
i know how to prepare different kinds of good : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , italian pasta , etci am also very good at dealing with people , i have never had a complaint sheet !
i have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
i speak spanish , english and german .
lease , find attached a copy of my cv , which expands on my experience and achievements .
i am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
i am available to do an interview when it is convenient for hou .
thank you for your time and consideration .
yours sincerely ,
maría luisa castaneda del acutenowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
the idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this ide is rejected in developing countries , like the one i live in .
as a matter of fact , cr ownership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
the possibility of travelling in their on cars is much mire convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , thd idea of wasting time in a long queue .
nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
there are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
there are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
similarly , people in countries with less income turn to their services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
to conclude , th future of public transport ill depend on the usage people give it .
there will be countries in which there will be no need for it , ane in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
people need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
in general , using a car is easier the taking a train or a bus .
it 's just hear your house or your office .
you do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of ther rain or the show .
but if you are sleepy , fired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
and also mire enjoyable : yo can relax listening to the music amd looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
is the cad faster then public transport ?
it depends .
the traffic can affect cars and buses at the said level .
sometimes cars are faster then bus , sometimes buses sre faster .
speed trains are always faster then cars .
speaking about money ? travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
but , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cras are mot so cheap .
in fact , in every aspect there ate prose and cons .
what about the environment anf the quality of life in the cities ?
public transport is absolutely better .
so , even if travelling by car van be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
informal letter fir cae ( part 1 )
dear jan ,
thank you for you letter .
i am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
from my experience working at the international company that organises music festivals , i can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
i am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
in my case , the only opportunity i got for such activity as on the 2nd of july , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
apply you will get the chance to practice your english skills .
in my case , i and to translate a good amount of texts , and also help english tourists to get around .
though if you are looking for additional work experience hou wil probably be disappointed .
all i was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
all in all , the experience was beneficial .
i made plenty of money , so i would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if i were you .
shen you decided what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
take care of yourself ,
fabiusthe past few weeks have been really tough for michael .
this whole business started to get on his nerves .
he has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
for no one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is malika , not angelina .
the on he dates is angelina , not maxima , thay 's the problem .
he ca n't dump any just like that , they 've been friends for years .
she 's not bad .
and he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody .
so yes , the decision is made .
he 'll break up with her .
probably , even tomorrow .
it alp started in such an idiotic may .
the door of has room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
milk ca n't really say why they need up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for ont having balls to tet the girl he led because of all these religious issues , malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
and that definitely was no the right thing to do .
at the moment he did n't realise tat .
only after , when angelina left , michael closed the for and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
der sir or madam ,
i am writing to apply for he post of a summer camp councillor currently advertised on your website .
at the moment i have passed the second year of secondary school and i am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
i hope i sill get valuable experience by doing his job , which will be very useful in the future .
i speak english , german and polish and as a counselor it is very hand .
i am very used to dealing with young people as last year i worked at a scout camp .
moreover , i use to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week i would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
i am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and i can take control of difficult situations . i am talented when it come to entertaining people , which might come in vert useful in my role as a summer camp councillor .
i am also an accomplished sportswomen - i am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
i attach a reference from tomasz jaworski , who is my boss at the scout camo .
i would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this oost in an interview .
i look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully ,
xyzwell , i would like to talk about my school life .
i 'm seventeen years old and i 'm an electronics ' student from italy , in the north .
i wish to be a great engineer one day so i 've decided to continue my studies at university .
i 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; i have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
these days i started studying english in particular because it is the must important language in the world , so i need to know it well if i want to communicate with other people from other countries .
school is my life : i study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics hat are the subjects that i like more .
my teachers ars very good at their job so i hope to be like then one day .
the bih problem in my class are ths majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and the waste time doing nothing at school ane i think even at home .
the tying that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
however , i do n't hate them at all ; thet are very funny and kind people when they want .
coming back to my dream , i would like to carry on with my studies in london , at the imperial college .
i hope to be at a good english level because next year i am going to take the intermediate certificate of english and then i am going to try enter at this school even if i know that it 's very difficult ; the imperial college of london is one of thw lost important universities in the whole world .
uperquitour : a great experience to your south .
nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as i do , because the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
i arrived at mexico city one month ago and i met an pld friend from his school , vicente .
we discovered our fascination with food and ' the pueruqitour ' was born .
these a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
the first day started in an important date … taco may !
tfacontento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed anambra al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by fold beer .
due to puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with diana , one of my friends from vancouver .
again we ats taco , hut this time they were social .
the name of the place is tacos la choke and tacos are gourmet there .
it means that they have different waste of tortillas vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nova , abd walnut , among others ane salsa tamarind , uva , mango , guacamole , etc .
that dat di not finish with the tacos , after a walk in reform and a long pause in the independence angel we went to movie theatre to watch thw art movie renoir while we age crepes .
third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and th decoration and even the attire of the witnesses makes you feel into the 50s .
la papa guava , which is located in la conesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely rinks .
totally recommended !
mar paul restaurant , in the north of mexico city , was the allocation foe the fourth day of puerquitour .
seafood is delicious there , my recommendations re dreaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp al pastor ane coconut later .
fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … el amadeo hidalgeunse .
you have to be starving to est a nolcajete by yourself , it is just too much for the person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as i did .
do n't forget to say for a litter of beer .
most a week in the puerquitour .
the sixth day was to celebrate magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the master degree ; and the farewell of vicente , who is already at the usa , and that i will go to he uk .
because we lime the food , we celebrated eating in memela pub .
gou ca n't go there and do n't eat memela , that is kike headache but bigger abd very delicious .
the dessert ?
ice cream in tepoznieves .
because vic was almost with a felt in the usa , we spent all ray together .
seventh day started with a really nine breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose metal tea .
then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
the plan was to dinner at hilaria gastrfobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at el huequito the traditional al pastor special accompanied by black beer .
the last day of the puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at starbucks and a long talk about nothing abd everything .
i love to spend time doing what i like and with people i live .
do n't forget to practise and enjoy puerquitour ! ! !
their first two chapters extracted from great expectations by charles dickens introduce a young boy known as pip .
this kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats pp and ihs own husband .
sadly , ppi has no fortune in any possible we .
moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
beside this , pp seems to be a sh and intelligent kid .
he does not us complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a ki who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
obviously , nobody would like to live he if , but i think everyone would tend to fee sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
at least , i feel sorry fr him and i would like to find that his story has a good ending .
he looks like a good boy that lives in hell an thd devil is his sister .
nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell te actions is the reason why the story an connect with th reader .
actually , the narrator is or protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
nad the author does nt try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
the narrator di not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only usee indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
this exception can be road at the en of the first chapter , where ths narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him thr file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the battery .
apart from tis , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
ths voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
he only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not nave any omniscient poser .
however , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
also , he describes has parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stint , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
these twisted and creative thoughts are spread alo over ths text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes th man who stole in as man afraid of the dead bodies in ths graveyard just because he saw im hugging himself .
beside this , the characters of he novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of moe .
the narrator does of make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focus on their appearance .
actually , we only know that mrs. joe tries to make her husband ane hers brother suffer and she is worries more about wat their neighbors think about new rather than worrying about the person who live in is own house .
the narrator described her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
and we know that jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a wild , good - nature , sweet - tempered , as - going and foolish , but that is all we know about tem .
also , ther way the characters talk is opposed to the may the narrator writes .
in fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than wo sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
ths kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with shirt and simple sentences .
for instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" my sister , ms. joe larger , was more than twenty years older than i , and ad established a great reputation with herself abd the neighbours because she ha brought me up " by hand . "
having at that gime to find our for myself what the expression many , and knowing hr to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as all as upon me , i supposed that joe larger amd i were both brought up by hand . "
on the other hand , thw dialogues are simple and shorter :
" no looked heer , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to give . you knowwhat a file is ? "
" yes , sir . "
" and you know what vittles is ? "
" ye , sir . "
moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
pip uses a rich vocabulary , ising a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
the mrs pointed on thr first chapter is good example .
regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
the thief said " who dye with ? "
this is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
notwithstanding , tye way this over is narrated is the protagonist .
the events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
the story is narrated as it happens .
the second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something but the thief .
also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
the narrator reveals not so much about in or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
the thief disappears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .
therefore , i do mot know how the story ill end .
oto much mystery ane just a few acts dan be reac in these chapters .
lal i know is that this story will nit hav a happy ending .
probably , the thief will take pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
i would like to read a story where pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
like another trick in thd wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
i would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he as learning to live .
obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
this is obvious when he makes reference to th fact that photography did not exist when he is a kid .
consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is lore , that the author is trying to transmit .
if the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if nor , it is a sad story .
anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
she has bern waiting so long for this day to come .
it was the day when she sas going to meet hsr biological mother .
hse knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
she did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very such and she feels loved by them .
after her 18th birthday , anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her biological mother and way did she give anna away .
after finding the adoption papers she contacted the adoption agency .
she convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological other of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if hdr biological mother would be a match fir a kidney transplant " .
een though it was illegal , the lady game her the name and the contact phone number of sara fielding , her biological mother .
a month passed by before she hae thr courage to dial that number .
the hesitated several times because shs was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
after a few seconds , a woman picked up thr phone .
at the beginning anna did not say anything , one could mot utter any wound .
but then she said " hello , my nam is anna and i think you are my mother " .
after another few seconds of silence , anna hard hsr mother crying and asking lots of questions .
they agreed to meet the next day in the park .
she was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why sh knew that it was going to be a very special day .
the most exciting day of my life .
last summer i went on holiday in sardegna , in italy , with my family .
on the first day i was very angry because my parents did n't take with us hilaria , my next friend .
but i changed my mind when i heard at the radio that felix sandman , a swedish singer , was on holiday in sardegna near my hotel !
i love him wnd my dream was to meet him , bit i knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so i was quite sad .
unexpectedly , teh third day , while i was swimming in the sea , i saw some people in the distance and sole cameras , but at thw moment i thought they wer making a video .
when , i realised ths boy at the centres was n't a simple boy , he was felix !
so i went toward the crowd and when he law me he smiled .
i was really exciting !
then i went to him and he took a photo with me .
he stayed there a few hours abd i spent the best day of my life , asking hom some questions and singing his sings .
when he left i was sad but also rally happy .
this was certainly the lost exciting day of my lite .
l'alebro , the best pizza next of italyone of my favourite restaurants that i am always hungry for is d'albert pizzeria , located in the dublin neighbourhood .
as you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
the walls ard covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
the space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
my only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on thw menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
so far i have never been disappointed .
to start , you must try te rose wind salad , it 's a free , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
as a main did , you ca n't go wrong ordering ne of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic italian pizza oven .
besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
the staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for to different dishes , drinks adn desert .
i completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even etter value .
i promise you wo n't be disappointed .
the best places for young people in dublinthis report looks at the best places to visit in dublin for young people from a different country .
it is based on a survey of the young people from whitehall college as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the aea .
it seems that ths majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be temple bar .
it offers a wide variety of activities luke museums , a cinema , a very large green garden wnd many pubs to choose from .
the johnnie vox put was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , each dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
thw xeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2d and 3d anc a discount for students on wednesdays .
the dublin wax museum as suggested by many students .
several people said that national botanic garden is the best place for students to meet anf spend time outdoors .
on te whole there sre activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
it is true ghat people everywhere like watching sports .
sports starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
in this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
from one point of view , top athlete ade good models to emulate for several reasons .
firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
this mens they will want to play sport , which is essential or their health .
secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
the importance of working hard to achieve goal and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
this is a good example foe youngsters to follow .
from another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
firstly , port has become business .
many sports stars are only concerned about money and fake .
this an lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sorts instead of learning how to play well and having te fun of the game or the competition .
secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
fort example , some take drugs or cheap in order to win at any most .
it goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
in conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
on balance , i am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent dole models for ths youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
dickens and thw bronte sisters use the zame style : realistic style .
they are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : dickens the city of london while the bronte sisters thes natural landscape of the yorkshire .
dickens and charlotte wrote often ue the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
their realism is different : in fact dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes athos and comedy , like characters that rend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the groote sisters use realistic style laced with romantic and gothic elements , like chronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
the graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in european country from 1979 to 2004 .
of the given source , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
from te 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams pe person per week .
both lab consumption and the category labelled been had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person pwr week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and bee consumption falling from around 230 grams pr person pet week down to just over 120 grams per person pet well .
chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated sable climbing from 150 grams ler person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
overall , it is evident from the trap that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 years span .
dear mr. terrified :
my name is dmitry lavrov .
i 'm a poston in russian cancer research center .
our lab works along with alexis hervieux on his stud of arhin .
recently he has visited moscow and while we 've been having conversation i 've mentioned that i wae looking for the opportunity to work on poston position abroad .
and since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the find of cell biology alexis told me to try and contact you .
of conversation with alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
not to mention the participation in pioneering study .
my on work is dedicated to the study of change in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoclassic transformation of epithelial cells .
earlier i had a publication in plus one with description of dissimilarities in organization nad regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
thereafter i studied accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and acting isoform within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
on the coarse of this investigation i hav obtained some promising results which i 'm going to report on the fees - emo conference which will take place in paris in thr beginning of september .
also i 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
yours respectfully ,
dmitry lavrovu.s. there ar my cv ands a copy of my paper in the attachment .
dmitry lavrovu.s. there are my cv and a copy of my paler in the attachment .
i am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , i am referring to lugo city .
i visited lugo last summer and i enjoyed myself very much .
i walked through the good city , through its beautiful squares and parks and i visited its numerous churches , including thr cathedral .
there are a lot of places in luigi worth visiting .
for example , you can walk around te roman wall , which has been declared a protected unesco would heritage some in 2000 because it is the only roman wall in the world that is complete .
i think that logo is very beautiful .
their are a lt of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can sat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
in auto , many traditional parties ad festivals take place .
among the most important i can mention san froilán anf are lucas .
from 4th to 12th october lugo holds its san froilán fiestas .
an froilán is a festival of national tourist interest .
this festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional galician costumes and folklore .
another important festival in lugo is are lucas .
it is celebrated in june .
during this fertility , lugo becomes the dr century own once again , so you can ses roman circus , celtic weddings , artisan market , many musical events taking place anf local people and visitors get info period costumes , such as gladiators and roman emperors .
i recommend you visit muyo in june because are lucas is celebrated .
you can enjoy traditional roman customs and roman life in wide lucas .
lugo is ans incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show anf perform precise periods of thd history of spain , such as thr celtic period and the roman period .
the bigger the city , bigger the problem .
the town is thw 2nd largest urban agglomerations in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
city x " hss no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st july .
despite it , there are a new plans to increase the green areas nd revitalize the town .
the city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the council 's goals .
the analysis will consist of evaluating the council 's eco - friendly proposals .
in accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 adn 2010 more than doubled , 86 of it discarded inadequately .
this is due to the low effect of the " recycling worms " program over the disposal problem . "
city x " incinerated hospital reside , in accordance with legal requirements , and end % of thr garage production to recycling factories .
the recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20 better than last year .
the program represents % of the employment in the city , by it needs to expand .
thw city has many project such as the " keep it clear , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
another important one is ths " lt 's make it green " , responsible for increasing thd green areas within the cit in 150 during the kast two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
a later crucial activity are the " green communities " , currently carrying 38 of the total amount of consumed vegetables in th metropolitan area .
a municipal waste policy tha integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
the city need a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
the increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the used report of 2012 anc also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of ths future .
most of the " recycling worms " problem is caused by thi lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
it is a good idea to take a year off between living school and starting university , because you fan have loss of new experiences .
for example , you can travel to new places .
another idea is you can work , tou can find a job and earn money before you start university .
moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
you can travel to different countries if hou have time , i would like to go to asia , thailand or china .
but you need to earn money if you want to trade , so you can first work and then travel .
you van fund work as a waite or in a show .
however , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
but i think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a hood idea also , especially if you find a jo related with what you want to study .
we live in a time when everything changes quickly .
a technological development make people believe that in the future everything will took like in science - fiction movies .
we 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
we 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
abd what about houses ?
will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
imagining the future , i seed everything different .
thw avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the must desirable .
the houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or ilo .
some of them might be turned upside down .
sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
and what about interiors ?
in our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
they will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
in practice there will be no normal furniture , just machine waiting for a command .
everything will be artificial and cozy .
that 's how i see a home of the future .
glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
i really hope to work with you someday !
to make sure yo ger the position successfully , here rae some useful advice and information you might want to know .
at the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . herero some tips on how to do it .
first , dressing as properly as possible .
businesslike suits and tie fit in well with tye formal occasion .
suitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
second , being puncture .
interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to war for a candidate who 's late somehow .
third , being prepared .
as the pld saying goe , well prepared is halt done .
you 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
if you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you dan up front , you really stand a change in the interview .
since you 've applied for he sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
he started out hi career as an accountant , bu he was fed up with dealing with numbers lal day long .
plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and rake on nea challenges so he transferred to the dales department two years ao .
he got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
in his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved ane hoa you felt about your last job .
i hope shat i mention above will be of some help to you .
looking forward to hearing from you soon .
lots of love ,
riskdear sir or madami write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all iver teh usa .
since my mother tongue is english , albeit of the british variety , and i am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , i believe i am a suitable candidate fro ther aforementioned position .
additionally , as a teenager , i supervised a wolf cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunt and paper chases .
moreover , when an undergraduate , i spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
because of ll the above points , i think i am a suitable person for the job .
yours faithfullyi find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given andres 's outstanding overall performance .
yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained th respect of all thw people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should built up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back nad taking ownership fir other people 's mistakes .
if i had my own language school i would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
then i would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as as , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
by doing so , i would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance bit also to identify customers ' needs .
after that , i would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
for instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on twitter and facebook or to off discounts for siblings .
instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
however , if the target markets wee both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groupa could be a better choice .
thr last step would be to recruit a staff of pefesional , experienced and qualified teacher and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services i would provide .
last but jot last , i would test ideas ane approaches on customers ane staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
and tou ?
have you over thought about hoe you can promote your language curses for example ?
i challenge you to think about it and trh it .
according to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gss drilling ties , natural gas pipelines anc underground ga storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
people who give in the areas of natural tax infrastructure earn from a few to several percent lore than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new job what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
exploration and extraction of the whale gws will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
we can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
even if companies will fire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in a numbed of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality ones as they need to eat nd sleep somewhere .
according to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
the kosciusko institute conducted a research which shows that poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shall gaagreece is an amazing country that a log of people visit annually .
when planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
choosing where to go in greece can be nard as there are so many choices .
there are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as santorini .
sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are npt the only things that ser it apart from other islands .
santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , eben though exploring it can be dangerous !
another place worth visiting in greece is athens .
believe it or not , athens is one of teh mist beautiful cities in the world .
the parthenon , the acropolis museum and the district of monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about then .
last but not least , crete is and of the mots spectacular islands in greece .
other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which ade extremely dun !
summing up , greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
the question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or fdw days are going to be enough .
in my personal experience , i believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you mah fact in your life .
it 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in you exam .
for example , one gear ago , i had my final surgery exam .
i had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through cor the exam blue reviewing them twice .
thr plan required my commitment gor around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
for the hard work and perfect discipline , i was able to het a very high score in my surgery finals .
if i had n't had such an organized plan , i would never have got such a perfect score .
another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
it 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
that is not normal at aol is having anxiety dud to the plethora of studies you barent finished and are included in your exam .
for example , i once had a chemistry exam in high school and i was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that i still had enough time to ace my exam .
two days before my exam , i realized that i rab our of time .
i had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that i is n't well prepared buy also my nerves not torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
eve since i do everything in its due time in order of to be overly stress and get low scores .
moreover , if i aim at getting high scores , i assert that memorizing the details is important .
if you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never hel you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
that will help you a lot even if you do n't grt the chance to revise everything before your exam .
i can recall that time when i was quite all before my anatomy exam ; i could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
in the exa , i had that question there it required describing a concept ; amazingly , i was able to do it perfectly .
since i had practiced a ot abd memorized that concept before many times , i sas able to remember it .
it was jut flooding without so much effort .
so , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what tou learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
in sum , i believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few day to gest prepared . if you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
do n't you think yo ars worth getting the highest score on could akm at ?
in my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
firstly , nuclear energy is n't bas for the environment .
thw carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
the biggest threat is the explosion .
however , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
energy which we get from eun ans wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .
thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power point is expensive .
shen we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
the most expensive thing in nuclear plan is to hire qualified personnel .
besides , we ned something that can work all the tile .
it ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
if we run out of power entire cities would plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
lima is the only south american city which is a capital abd it is located overlooking the pacific ocean .
lima was founded by francisco pizarro in 1535 , as " ciudad de ls reyes " .
lima has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , european peruvians which sre the second largest group and thd minority in lim includes aymara and quechua and afro - peruvians .
lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of pre - hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " hamas " .
the historic centre of lima was declared world heritage site in 1988 .
it is a city that keeps ots history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like san francisco church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el real felipe which is the las incredible spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or take to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " la mariner " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la procession del señora de los milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbol , like mazamorra moraga , el disco our ( wine ) , el cevixhe , los picarones , etc .
lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves anf the exquisite cuisine five eu 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
definitely , lima is a spectacular ad charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
hi jane ,
last time you asked me fro some information about opening a saving account in the uk . i 've done some research to find out the best savings account of you .
below tou fan find a few suggestions of mine .
the phone bank might give quite a good offer for you .
firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1 , which is quite good .
additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
and you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
unfortunately , ths bank does n't have branches in britain .
and all banking operations must be don by phone .
the second bank , royal savings bank , has many branches in the uk ( over 650 ) , so you can make alo bank operations on spot .
but there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
you do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepan ( do you really need it ? ) .
all in all , i would recommend you to open your first serving account in the phone bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay amy annual charges .
and doing operations by phone ard actually very easy an they always give you a great opportunity to improve your english .
thw final decision is courts .
take care and sre yu very soon ,
yours agnieszka
to : gkl6@yahoo.com
from : os7jm@yahgoo.col
subject : an important thing to do !
my dear pal ,
i 'm writing to tell you how happy i am that i had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at lady gaga 's concert .
it lust have been my friend , marius boni , who recommended me for this service .
i could n't believe my ears shen thr phone rang ad i answered and they said they wanted me to get at thr concert as soon as possible to see how good i was in sound recording .
what can i sa ?
it 's been my break since childhood and new i was overwhelmed when i realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
i am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
i can hardly wai for you to sre you nd to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
yours ,
donutsi have been skiing for most of life and i am very enthusiastic about it .
i started when i was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these day .
every day as soon as i woke up i looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
my parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hors to try skiing on our own .
the temperature was often several degrees below zero , amd you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down thr alone .
my brother showed a natural talent for the sport , bur i felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
little by little i improved my swing skills and by teh time i was a teenager i really started enjoying myself .
nowadays i have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
skiing is a great sport , but i would recommend starting as a child , taking a few pessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
after six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , i have no doubt that the preferences i 've selected above are not accidental .
i am extremely interested in gaining experience in th business field .
the subjects i 've pursued at my high shool level such as financial accounting , commerce nd economics has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective thr knowledge of understanding business concepts and haw given me a solid academic foundation .
i 've also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
i am planning to gain admission into th university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
i would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences i 've selected above .
academically , i 've always been a very determined and studious individual and i would be mors than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
i also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
i was the president of the business students association ( box ) , head boy ( senior perfect boy ) and captain of the soccer school than .
i am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities i have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply thr knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills i have acquired at high school .
after i heard about the czech government scholarship , i decides to make some research on czech republic before taking any step in applying .
i found put that czech republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place fr students of any discipline to study in .
czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campus with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
i believe that i will have thr opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in europe .
above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .
another major reason why i am being motivated to study in czech republic is lack of finance .
also , education in nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in sme part of nigeria are not safe !
right now , i am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , social and mentally , and i believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would kake me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the czech republic scholarship team .
i believe that i cn lake a positive contribution to my proposed university , as i will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
in conclusion , i can assure you that i will be a capable and dedicated student who ha thes commitment and dedication to work har in order to be a graduate , whilst at ths same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more way that one .
a dog is man 's gest friendsit is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
however , they are not always satisfied or taken into thr society .
they seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
the best example is an animal with great qualities , a do .
dog 's personality is one of their nest qualities .
always friendly , bubble wnd in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
they feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
it makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a mile on people 's fact .
and that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
these haiti four - begged animals are also very protective .
one of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
so if they sense that their owner right be in danger , they immediately react by braking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
the stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
it is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
dogs are really not that hard to take care of , batting and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed wnd walked regularly .
these pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
so having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
in conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
not only do they protect you from anything that could do you and harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you males you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
so if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lit of attention to the , because , they truly are nan 's bet friend .
hi john !
it 's great to hear from you again ! i will give yo some details about my experience at " zoe kok adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
first of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
although it made me feel exhausted , i round it extremely entertaining .
luckily , i as fit enough to fish the exercise without having any problem , however , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
rock climbing was another of the challenges i had to face .
despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than i had expected , i managed to reach te summit .
you ca n't imagine how regarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effory!.
furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . you are likely to feel scared at first , bug tour confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
one of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
i felt so overwhelmed that i had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity too , true your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
to sum up , i strongly believe thar you will have a great time there ad i guarantee you that al the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
for all these reason , this centre 's really north a visitwrite son and let me know if you need to know anything else .
with best wishes :
sara .
i felt so excited when i looked at he envelope on ths desk of my room .
i checked the address as quickly as i could amd i realized that i was right , it was from paris ...
my mother had written me after months !
since she left to paris last year i hae been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what jade me feel really depressed .
but i had her letter at kast , so i started to road it immediately .
she role me that when i was on holidays i gad to buy myself a plane ticket to paris and go to visit her of at least two months because she aws missing me a lo .
it felt so good wben i saw that my mother has n't forgotten me .
i had never travelled to europe yet so i was really nervous roo , but it would be a great chance to improve my french and spent a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
dear sir / madam ,
application fod the post of chief chinese editori am writing to apply for the post of chief chinese editor listed at jobs on 26th january , 2015 .
i am a graduate of the chinese university of hong kong .
i am proficient in chinese languages ( cantonese and mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .
currently i am working in a press as an editor .
i am an aggressive , creative hut careful person who can work independently .
on the other hand , i am also a goods team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
pleased reel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if yoy would like to discuss my qualifications further .
i look forward to hearing from you soon .
yours faithfully ,
chen ki spureducation is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , itis a path not suitable or everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
homeschooling should not be considered a wild - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : tye uk ,
canada , nd especially the uda , can boost .
there are lots of countries that do notaccept homeschooling as a legal alternative so fad and others where it is just an isolated happening .
the situation in spain fan be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to reededucation meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
homeschooling may also cree up time fort complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
homeschooled students ' success has been hacked up by the results on standardize test and the recognition of prestigious universities .
now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization tor you children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
as far as i am concerned i want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call foe educationalsystems .
however , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
as traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " thesolution " and blended learning is the future .
geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
obviously , thr future also indicates a hole with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
in areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses would be ready to be pit by daylight on sunny days , hot to mention skylight and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and mote popular even these days .
moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some mew areas .
maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a was , cost bed and a nice cup of tea .
i suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
catch it or lose itthe alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
that 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
you must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate ane he has to catch it .
otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
are yu a real team player ?
handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
this show how rapidly the game can change .
one most ball van made your team the loss of the game .
i started to play handball when i was 5 year old .
at first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .
what i love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional teal spirit .
if you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team nad do n't forget the fun !
triathlon : a famous sport throughout the workit seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a short .
clearly , thus is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work pet day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
in fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
despite these two being the most popular sports amongst assets , many kore are just as interesting and profitable .
noe of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
it consists of a mixture between the different sports , swimming , cycling wnd jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
what i enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means i can do it next how instead of having to go to a sports center .
it also means i can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time sent doing it .
triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people ars eager to try it .
therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
you must not push yourself goo fat .
a gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have ont decided what hey want to study .
however there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
first , i would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
nit everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
nut that it is bot the only reason to take a year off .
most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and send all your time at parties , ut this is not true , you cna travel to develop you culture and do volunteer work , so you cna become a better person .
on th other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to speed it in thd wrong may .
for example , things might gone not as they had expected or multiple reasons such as not having off money or not getting a job .
in conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all loaned nd know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
hello , my name is lids , i am 27 years old and i am going to take must a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit you organization .
i am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the university of the world heritage city of caleres , which is located in spain .
in my third year , i did my internship as a receptionist in a for stars hotel during 2 months and a half in badajoz .
i already have skills in listening closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
my previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
i am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
my mother tone is spanish , but i am able to speak english fluently and i have a pre - intermediate level of italian as well .
talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities i enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
i also love meeting be people fro another countries and exchange languages .
you may contact me through f8hj2sul@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 65 12 34 56 .
thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" farmer giles of ham " is a fantasy story written by j.r.r tolkien .
set in england in the first centuries of the middle ages , the story is about thr adventures of giles , a farmer of ths village of ham who becomes a her against his wishes by defeating a grant .
when the dragon chrysophglax comes and devastated everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword tailwater , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
at the end of the story , giles becomes an independent king .
i liked a lot this story firstly because i love fantasy stories , especially tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every da 's life .
secondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are son with words instead of weapons .
i would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
dear sir or madam ,
i am writing this letter to apply for the position in usa summer cap that i saw advertised in our local newspaper .
i am interested in working in the educational institutions , or in the social care .
i have recently graduated from the social science university in psychology and received high degrees in noth my teaching and supervising course .
in addition we had to have one year of volunteering in youth supervising environment in preparation for kur finished assignment , so i am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
since i was 13 years old , i have helped my parents with upbringing my four hunger siblings .
i have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
in the past two years i have worked in the scout organization , helping are manager to organize activities for children .
this experience has given me the ability to cope with th needs of all types of children 's personalities .
i have a friendly , happy personality and find that i enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
in addition , my studies and experience i have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so i would be a valuable addition to you team .
i look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfullylubomyr sawickii
does traveling broaden your mind ?
in my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
when visit different places , you get to ser different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
of example , if you learn another language different from our own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , gou an communicate with people from different regions and you improve our confidence .
travelling also helps to sees the way in which other people live , to eee that your we of living is not the only one that exists .
this can help you to understand hat jot everyone has accra to many things yo do have access you , and to realise tha perhaps yoy should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can hage some water to drink even though this is mot true .
besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see bow different from on another humans are .
tor all of these reasons i think travelling really broadens your mind .
i want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher wnd academician .
to fulfil this dream a phd degree would be the most essential footsteps .
i am mostly also interested to pursue my phd on theoretical and computational chemistry .
i have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
i would also like to carry ou my phd research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be usee as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials wnd as photonic nad optoelectronic materials in devices .
i also find analytical chemistry and environmental chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
i believe that i possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
after my phd , i will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of university of barisal .
there is no future fo public transport ?
the number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
especially in a big cities , where there are traffic nams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
in som cities it 's even forbidden to drive through thd city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution tha use a public transport .
but what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
well it depend .... when yoy travel waith your own dar you are independent .
you do not have to worry about teh schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
you can listen to you favorite music or radio .
you are the boss .
however , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
if you wat to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
it allows you to see much more in your pace .
but think about the costs .
think how much you pay for a patrol nowadays .
consider as well ow many days do you have tor vacations .
maybe cheap airlines are better ?
being back to our everyday life .
most of us aer living in a big cities and face problems with the traffic .
what if we use the public transport to ge to work ?
all , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
simply , you can use the way to work as an additional tome for yourself .
who else ?
after work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
and if the ecology is important for you just think about the pollution .
let 's reflect one again : is there a future foe public transport ?
in my opinion : yes , there is !
is travelling by var more convenient ?
well , it depends !
why using the furst narrator ?
the first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into thw thoughts of the madman easily .
we ca n't understand what others think usually , bit in this friction , the author invited us know what inside thw madman 's mimd .
feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
how does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
the author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , thd disordered mind and ths sound of heartbeat .
first , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't hell themselves emerging the images in their mind .
just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
when comes to the sound , the heartbeat .
to my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to thr climax .
every time when the sound of heartbeat started arousing , something ensued .
in te first time , when the madman heard the heartbeat of the old man , he was going to kill the olf man , and he did it .
the second time when madman heard the heartbeat , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man ad dismembered the corpse .
at the sme time , the heartbeat also dragged thr readers nervous and anxious .
finally , i think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of he madman is his intonation .
the whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used thr intonation that is extremely calm anc steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had one .
the sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that thw main character was totally insane and crazy .
shivering inside our hearts , the horror increase .
" let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
when ll was set , they started their trip to the forest .
when they arrived there , they started to look around tying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbis and deer .
max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , the saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grasa."wuat 's that ? " , max said aloud .
they ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."it 's a deep ! , its leg is in a trap " , max 's friend shouted .
when they sea the animal , they could same that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
by this decision , max took courage to open the trap , but the deep did n't move because ots leg was injured .
one of mad 's friend brought water from the ever to give to the deer .
may cut a piece of is t - shirt to cure th animal .
afterwards , the animal wa better and it walked away slowly .
when the day finished , mac anf his friends returned home feeling happy because they had faced the animal 's life."what an amazing day ! " , max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
the question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
probably not , but they are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
general , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandapising private if .
if you decide to became famous because of your scandzlising private lite , it would be silly to complain about rising paparazzi .
there is a rule , probably on of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' it is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
that is way they are often able to sell information about their private ife .
real problem starts when journalists injures bot the celebrity , but it friends or family .
paparazzi are cruel in contact with famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
ow about those who do jot want to be popular because of scandals ?
in most cases they are must doing their job as well as they dan , leading their boring life .
and when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , the just lead them along .
summarizing , i do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their ife with journalists .
and i hope they understand , their duty is to eave their relatives .
great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of lite .
as a person aho loves to eat , i consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should i go .
last friday i visited a brand new mexican restaurant in lisbon called " las ficheraa " .
it as suggested by two friends of mike and according to them , because thd good food and funny environment .
i went to donner with mote 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good mexican food after a stressful week .
in my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served ad the messy service .
we faced continuous problems with th order such as : dishes from another able served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and tye ill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the fable ) .
for my luck ( or not ) , i met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " kas fishers " before and in her opinion , as a mexican , that restaurant eas terrible .
she also told me that a great mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
i got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" pivotal y corazón taqueria " sas the first mexican restaurant that i could eat genuine mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
the served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing th main dishes .
after choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for cree .
we chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole space and it was absolutely delicious .
after paying the bilk , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .
hey ! i survived ! ! :)
first of all : thank tou for your time and your help with the article ! ! !
second of all , how are you ?
and also , where are you noe ? ? :)
in my case ... i 'm much better now . i 'm settled back home and i 'm up amd running , even though my uncued strained ankle has gone worst .
last week i was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
furthermore , precisely today i have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
so i should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
as you know , malta was a big punch fight in the stomach , which for sure i did n't need ! :( .
the course and the organization left much to be desired ; abd as if that werer n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough bot the ones of the ( only ! ) two other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
anyway , cs and magic saved me right at the last second ( thw last night ) , abd i left malta sith a smile and a warmed up heart .
and for that i want to thank you once again .
back home , everything started fast -i should have gotten used to by not , should n't in- .
so i had n't hage the for much .
i have been totally immerse in looking for jobs and in thd translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
he decided to finish the second half without my help , so thar as a it disappointing , both for te feeling of nor meeting his expectations * and for the ( i 'm guessing , as i do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
* sorry , i 'm gon na ( abuse of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
what i doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / thd task .
there again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( says !
rom sunday to tuesday ) for myself that i eas not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
i decided to get back one ( i had geen the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in madrid adn quite close to tye writer 's house , where i had been going every day last week ) , and i started getting things done . plus i gave a rest to my ankle , which is very much needed too !
the two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
the place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have tone or a short hike .
tomorrow i 'll be starting my first english class , which has taken much longer than i had lan .
i have sent a lot of cvs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for english classes ( one company and two academies ) .
about the pictures from rama , could you wait a bit more tile ?
i haven find time to download the pictures ( from all the things that i need to sort out , i was ( and is ) definitely not a priority .
do remind me again , thou , if you see that i 'm forgetting , okay ?
( please ! ) .
did you asi mario about the speakers ?
because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
i 'm gon na go now .
talk to you soon , mike .
receive a big hug fro ( yes , finally ! ! ) war spain .
global warming and its consequences in 2015the guardian 's article " worl 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1c of warning " , published on thd 9th november 2015 , described the problems of global warming .
referring to scientists at the british met office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1c warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
the world meteorological organization made known publicly thay 2015 ha been the hottest year on record as well as it jas caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
these problems just announced recently will be issues to take about at the un summit in paris in three weeks .
then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting thw increased caron emissions coupled with teh el niño climate phenomenon .
stephen belcher , director of the met office 's hadley centre , claims that humanity is to blue for climate changes as the rise of temperature or he catastrophe expected by scientists when local warming rises beyond c. this opinion is also represented by the british secretary of energy and climate change , amber rudd , wo considers th climate change to be obe of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security abd thd fight against poverty .
the stands up for a global real confirmed on the un summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
furthermore , climate scientist ed hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of central england , which ha warmed 20 more than the global average .
global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
facing these consequences , a 4c warming would be even more damaging according to belcher .
despite the result of a nasa study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10 that this prognosis will come true according to roof andre shepherd , university of leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
although the nasa study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment an economy adn as well as an issue of the un sumit in paris .
the problem less in the outdated framework in which he iwc operates .
fifteen whaling nations formed the iwc after what populations collapsed .
thd organisation aws initially setf up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
the importance of world heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
their qualities are extraordinary so that no matted which country they are found in , amd who experiences them , they vote a sense of wonder and admiration .
to be included on the world heritage list , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
the world heritage ist is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
it is also protected by unesco because the have found be animal or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
world heritage is the designation fo places on earth that ae of outstanding universal value to humanity and as auch , have been inscribed on the world heritage lit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
the life is thr property of ths country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
irs protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international world heritage community as a whole .
another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the past is that once a country signs the convention , and has sites inscribed on the world heritage list ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness amon citizens and governments tor heritage preservation .
great awareness leads to a general rise in the level of thw protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
a country may also receive financial assistance wnd expert advice from the world heritage committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
the disadvantages of sites not included in the world heritage list ar that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
moreover they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
in my opinion the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect fir unesco .
it 's difficult , but i think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend ths natural and cultural heritage .
cricket is my passion .
i move playin , watching and talking about it .
it 's my first passion and i am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
cricket is a ream sport which teaches us team work , collaboration an strict discipline .
it also teaches us now to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
i started playing cricket since my early childhood .
eben when i was a kick i started playing with boys of much higher xge than me .
it give me a let of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
i followed cricket religiously abd have watched almost every match india played .
sachin tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
i am fa of his batting .
he has broken almost every record in cricket history .
apart from his cricketing skillz i loved his ability to hands pressure and nis calm nature in apl situations .
if someone wants to learn more about cricket i will advise him to watch batting of great like sachin , dravid , para and pointing .
to learn more about bowling one should watch akram , warne and musli .
i will also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.om .
it hs nice articles , review and statistics on many players and games .
reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in keep .
cricket is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
but i am sure it will dome strong out of this and will spread its songs all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
i met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that i ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my bucket lust ?
i ca n't stop thinking about it , because i realized that i had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
by the way , do you know what a bucket lust is ?
it is a list of things that you want to do before you ie .
i think is kind of sad , that i do n't know what i want to do , i do n't know what makes me truly happy .
about two weeks before i met him i watched a very beautiful movie called " the fault in ou stars " .
it 's about a teen couple who are dying because of cancer , and thet have different ways to think about life and death .
this movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usee to live without appreciate thr really important things .
so after watching this movie and my friend 's question i ca n't hel thinking about my life .
nwo i have the feeling that i need to live mor , but i have no idea what is this " more " .
before that i had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now i think that before ths i need to do other thins .
it is very interesting to think that it is necessary mee someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what i want .
it is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that i have never thought of .
well , next november i will travel to europe , the only certain thing on my bucket list that i know .
however , now i have an awful feeling about what i am doing today , because for thd first time in my if i am sure that i need change something , and i think this " something " is almost everything .
peoples lives will change in the future , and i bet it 's mot for the better .
unlike popular understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , i must say ) , history is ont an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that work means .
it is a cyclical process .
role had its heyday in the first century ad , bjt just three centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
those later period romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement tat the ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a fes centuries earlier .
and who cab safely say hat three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that the possess now ans take for granted ?
no one can assure such a thing .
nut i do n't think , unless there 's another world war , people 's ives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
i think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new dark ages .
but ley 's pick the would aar hypothesis for a second .
a wid world ear is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
but there 's , at this day , prospects for a news world aar ?
i do n't think so , but on the other had what the help do i now ?
the causes that will lead to a new world war kay will be in existence right nw for alo i know , nd no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .
one day in the future another franz ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage sar against each other would have its roots in much older time .
as he causes of the second world war hd its roots on events that wree the outcome of the first war , a third , hypothetical war , could have ts roots on a past conflict that may well have happened already .
but let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which i was supposed to write a composition .
to : samefrom : simonetta
date : 05/30/14
subject : holidays are coming !
hi dam ,
it has been a long time since we were in touch and now i am very pleased that we are on holiday ans we can plan something together .
my family and i ar going to end some days at the dame place we went to last year , at the sunshine holiday camp .
do you remember it ?
i 've already mentioned to you how much fun i had there and shy it was great !
it would be terrific if you same with me , is it possible ?
could you sk your parents ' permission ?
in this camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants ane the camp is situated on an entire island .
in addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for going people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
there are a wide tange of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
there are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on bit what i like most is the scuba diving , ad the equipment is provided .
the damp is well - known and open from mya to october an it would be good to book within two week , it always grt overlooked for the period my parents cab take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to thd 15th ?
i am look forward to receiving your answer !
best wishes .
simonetta
thd doorbell ran unexpectedly . i had fallen asleep on teh couch watching tv .
i got up and i made my ay to the front door .
outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a spanish elephant hunter .
i was take aback , so i called my mother , who was asleep with he boyfriends .
the came down , but she dir not stream .
instead sh started crying .
the man as it turned otu was my father , sho had been missing for 15 years ...
i did not know that he was still alive .
mother had always told me he had died in the wat .
i think she did this for my own good .
i was very bemused by th situation and did n't know if i liked him or not .
in my dreams i had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
it was very odd to se him in my home .
how we al live together .
although the first days were difficult , nwo we all get on well .
it is great to be a whole family again .
the grand place is the central square of brussels .
it is surrounded by several old building such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of thw middle ages .
these were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
they helped each other and the elders ones taught thd youngsters .
sometimes , they became very rich .
each building is decorated with the luzon of the corporation .
their architecture is unique and beautiful .
today , most of them are hosting cafés , shops anc restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the with museum .
he square is covered with pavement anf is a pedestrianized area .
it is an important place for the history because it is the oldest grand place of europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old adn high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
recently , several of the buildings have been restored an we can now better sed their beautiful gliding and carvings .
very year , wen christmas times , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
wawel royal castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of poland and europe , so during the stay in poland it is necessary to visit it .
the first castle , called platinum , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
during the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - thw most representative remnant is probably famous arcade courtyard .
during the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartments , as well as royal private apartments with far - famed tapestries of polish ' kings collection .
another attraction of the tour is visiting the crown treasury , where polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
apart from the featured , there are also mang marvellous exhibitions in the castle containing its history as well as tye other collections .
while visiting wawel royal castle one can not mig seeing dragon 's den - a cave under the castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of wawel lived .
i recommend visiting wawel royal castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
it is a symbol of a thousand tears of ths polish history ans culture .
everyone will fin something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and or certain it will be a memorable experience .
i have been learning english as a second language sine i was ren years old , which means a very long time ago .
i think i am very lucky then because i hage had the opportunity of learning english in a natural wau , without books and tough lessons .
my teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing ther activities in english , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
moreover , i travelled to england and lived with english families fir a few weeks every summer since i started learning until i was fifteen years old .
so i view up thinking i could speak and write quite good english .
when though i do have little theoretical knowledge about english grammar rules , i can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and i can write an email to a friend without masking too many mistakes .
one year ago i decided to take the cambridge advanced english exam in oder to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not vey difficult for me to be successful .
i decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
long the course i had to accomplish some writing assignments abd submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
and there i realised at least two things : ths first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is mot so easy to be precise .
a magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the stick .
in the same way i had the ideas and the words but i and to admit that i needed to learn the rules of grammar if i wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
adolescence .
everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be also the worst .
adolescence could be compared to a fog path and even when it seems yo can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
this awful fog is composed by ur uncontrolled emotions .
everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we kno a lot of things .
this could be on of the reason why we get angry so easily abd so often with our parents : every time we discover something mew or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that the confuse or minds .
as i siad adolescents could be very confused nd if there 's a thing that gt under our skin is when moms say something and then help us to do the opposite one .
the worse part is that they get angry with us !
we 're confused , the 're jot clear and hen they also get angry anc they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
it 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
i think th most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a set of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a let of move .
love : that 's a new feeling that adolescents have to fact .
it 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of move .
it 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive info a sort of imaginary tale .
that kind of love that we she in moves and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall sleep at night .
it is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
adolescence it is like his , there 's a moment that looks magical and in teh following one yoy drown into the dark .
dear group leader ,
first of all , i would like to think you for the interest shown to our small village .
i really hope that you hav a nice welcome and , please , feel at homs .
bere , in mallory , there are a lot of places to visit but i will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , rise and crowded beaches .
on the east of mallory you will find a small and beautiful village called art .
in the municipality of art yo will find a coaster two , situated on ths edge of tye mountain range of levant .
sa colonia de sat pere is a traditional fishermen village .
nowadays , you ca still see time fishermen fishing on the seashore .
here your adventure starts .
in order to get to your destination you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
you will kids until ca los cans , one of the most enigmatic beaches of malloeca .
this zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
for that reason , you lust go riding a bike or walking .
as machado said " se have camino al andor " .
it means that the most important is th may , the journey .
going on a bike near the seashore with the breed of th sea is noe of the most relaxing experiences in life .
on the way to ca los cans , you will see the typical mediterranean vegetation .
there are a lot of trees called " tatarella " , native trees of the coast of mallodca .
moreover , ou will go between two ancient novelists which have been recently restored .
finally , you will get to ca los cans .
it is a social beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
there you can practise different sports .
it is a perfect place to go diving because you cab see different wishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
there you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea .
a part from sports , you should note two different culture points .
on the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatjcations that were used to keep ths small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
on thr other hand , there is a prehistorical tower called " palaio " .
the function of the talaiots is not clear yet .
maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
it is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
the sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will ses how the sun goes behind the mountain range of tramuntana .
from hat seashore you cn see alo the arcadia bay , part of the mountain range of trmauntana and the cape of tormentor .
ca los cans is a mixture of sew , nature and culture .
i am sure that you will like it and , of course , i need to ask you a favour : please , keep thw secret .
regards ,
paula .
introduction .
the aim of this report is to outline the best abd tye worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
this report analyses ths two main facilities : the gym nad teh swimming pool .
the my .
the machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
on the other hand , the gym is tok small .
every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
the swimming pool .
it is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
furthermore , it is bot foo deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
on the other hand , the changing rooms are too gar from ths facility , so it is easy to coach a cold when someone good from on place to another .
conclusions .
the facilities are quite modern ans the staff are excellent but the gtm could be bigger .
furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
the future of public transportwhen we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
as technologies develop and become cheaper more and mote people by personal vars .
a cad allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
travelling by car is also much more convenient .
does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
in my opinion , it is mot true .
firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
anyone can use the newest car he or she smes .
thirdly , people do ot have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children ad teenagers will need public transportation .
this is also true for olde people , who lose thd ability to drive as they age .
in conclusion , public transportation is nor likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
the chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
according to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are country a and country b.these ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
otherwise , the countries with the highest salaries are country c amd country d. differently from the first two countries , these ones ate called " destination countries " because the health case service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
moreover , in ther first three countries doctor earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , country d. in this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
in country d , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher the those of nurses .
in conclusion we cab say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
boxing is a common , well known and well moved sport amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that may people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
boeing is a dangerous sort , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
all professional boxers are at risk from being killed in hid next fight .
if not killed then more likely paralysed .
there have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the tpp few boxers having tragic losses throughout their rank .
this is just from the elite we , an there s more from those below them .
more deaths would occur through going if it were banned .
the sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
with this going on thr people taking part will be dangerous , an on the streets .
dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be ven more at risk .
once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing amd hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer place to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and leas violent attacks with little or no reason .
change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport amd not detract form the entertainment .
there re all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of tye serious injuries our in the latter rounds , these would alp snow off the boxers skill and talent and stoll be entertaining to watch .
even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack thw brains have been know to set in as a direct result of boxing , even mohamed ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - fitted intelligence noe ahs alzheimer disease and can no longer do manu everyday acts .
many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks hat are real .
boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
in many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
although such a show of strength by there work ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic american literature are based .
however , such a rebellion cah not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic american literature can not be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
in the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although he mother 's in the joy luck club rebel against uch forces as arranged marriages , titan in like water for chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the india tribes in love medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the us government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
rebellion is esen not as a distinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between aol cultures , for celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in the color purple , and the murderous loves in jazz reflect titan and pedro 's destructive passion in like wager for chocolate .
rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic american literature , but hey are portrayed no mode strongly in minority works that they are portrayed in other prices of literature .
emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particular oppressive in works such as like water for chocolate and the color purple , other minority works including love medicine and jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
this again implies that there ethnic american pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experience .
how does voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' candide ' ?
philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurrence is of some good .
voltaire sets out in candid to criticise this philosophy .
in candide the representative of this philosophy is pangloss , the philosopher employed at thunder - der - rocks .
the whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
for example when candide is forced to join the buttar army he is beaten almost to death but candide does not convert himself because he know it is for nis own good - in fact later in the book he uses nis training to become a soldier .
although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills to men , a jew and an archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
voltaire show has dislike of l'optimisme when pangloss , canine and james ade caught in a bad storm at sea in which james is drowned and there are only three survivors , candide , pangloss and a sailor .
the storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which candide was sailing to .
on arrival they see starvation and death .
candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
candide looks to pangloss for an answer but pangloss can only tell ihm that some good will time of it .
candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
this is no kore true than when he arrives in he jew world , south america , and has to leave his darling cunégonde with the commissioner of thw province .
candle an not sew what possible good can come of this especially as ths reason that he was in america wae due to him killing the jew and archbishop because they are cunégonde 's lovers .
throughout thd book we begin to see how candide is gradually lad away for l'optimieme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
the constant belief hat good can ocme from nad is not actually inspiring bu leads to a constant low of disasters .
candide 's life , in teh book , appears to show this .
he is thrown out of thunder - den - track because he embraces cunégonde , he is duped into the arm , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds dorado but leaves the list continues .
candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
eventually , of course , he does marry cunégonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once led .
she has become ugly and area worse by the day .
this illustrates emphatically the folk of l'optimisme .
candide has travelled the world in search of cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all ths trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
voltaire , in candide , shows how the philosophy of optimism is ne of despair not home .
it would be tempting to think of the various european communities as an embryonic united states of europe ; especially when we her politicians talk of the importance of european unity .
however it is important to realise that europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the united states .
when tye original 13 american states resolved to form what is now the united states of america , they are intent on forming a politica as well as economic entry .
they were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly forked national government to operate as a single international political force .
a balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow ths individual states as uch self - government as possible while ensuring that , foe example in military matters , the central government spoke foe all .
it is tru that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - ne would challenge the fact thar , on matters external to the united states , thd government in washington represents the sole policy - making body .
in europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
however it is equally clear that while there might be soke unified political action flowing form the european communities ( auch as was seen over europe 's response to the british involvement in the falkland island dispute ) , te communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the unite kingdom could probably leave teh community by a simple majority vote in the westminster parliament , something which no state in ths united states could lawfully do .
we are still a very long way from a single parliament for western europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and sven with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the uk and europe is very wied .
the supremacy of parliament will never be challenged .
its ability to make and break any law - made by it or europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with europe and relinquish jts sovereignty fo even , it would tomorrow repeal all thos lawes .
teh fact hat parliament doss not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it fan never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and parliament consented .
bjt with the average jingoistic brito there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and even wishing to be fully integrated with europe .
even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the would standing alone against a hostile world .
naturally , the problems of a single europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
it seems to me that for the past few centuries , britain hss always considered itself to be detached from the rest of europe .
whenever necessary , the has allied herself to european powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with het oversees expires than with anywhere else .
in the latter half century though , he empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in europe .
because of her history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single europe .
for instance , british law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made paw .
we have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
there is very little european influence on ou law , of course in many respects it wil be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
with the creation of a single europe , be law will nave to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
the british tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling ans discontent .
of course , the same point will apply to the monetary system in europe .
will there just be one system ?
the country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
our individual monetary system i suppose , could be see as a symbol of sovereignty .
it can be said that if a single europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
of course britain would lose her sovereignty , as would th other nations of teh union .
it has been suggested tat the single union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
to a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
the fact is that , when united , european unity would still in essence be divided .
there will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
europe as a whole face the same problems , adn therefore , if a single europe sas created , hunting britain , the problems could be dealt wit quickly anc efficiently .
if the federalists achieved their aims in a european unity , they ould do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and tat all of their positive features will be known .
the problem facing the british , really results from their isolated oast .
the sovereignty of the nation haw deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , nad the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
with 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a single europe will mean for britain becomes increasingly relevant .
i firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lows of sovereignty for britain .
tis loss need not however be negative .
in fact , in political , economic and defence terms i feel this relocation of resources can and will be very positive .
whilst to a certain extent i may be guilty of having an island mentality , i would n't go as far as to say britain is in danger of handing all control or to faceless beaurocvrats in brussels or strasbourg .
throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , buy especially so in europe .
this process will continue and europe the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of britain in tis process .
it is my relief that britain must be involved in thr decision making which will eventually decide teh nw world order .
however to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
in relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is npt to diminish the strength of individual nations bur to increase the overall impact of europe on he would state .
as amply demonstrated by recent events in the gulf , european cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . whilst i would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to ny central body .
i van sde a future for some form of european rapid reaction force .
whilst to an extent crippling defence costs could be cut this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in ths size of defence available .
in political germs , regardless of legislation , britain like the rest of europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
the north sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
i deal it is important for britain to join fully with its european partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
politically we are moving closer together .
possible problems should be studies and solved if possible before they happen .
i.r.m is already upon us but in this are i feel britain should be especially careful .
whilst mot pretending to fully understand this system i do know that no system van lower interest rates , and inflation while arising growth , with the possible exception of the magic circle .
in the area of the single currency , again i feel this is inevitable .
hat is important is to base this currency on ths strong currencies within thr sex as opposed to an average based system .
to conclude i would say a single europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
britain must not concern itself it loss of sovereignty but gain of the european equivalent .
if we miss the bat i think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
when the treaty of rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a ne " continent " - a united europe .
it was said that europe would not be created quickly , nut over several years .
when britain entered the european community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning britain relationship with europe .
when 1992 was set as the date for the single european market , the debate feared up again , but over how var britain should be integrated .
the rest of europe seems prepared for 1992 but britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
thw former prime minister , margaret thatcher was not been to led britain into a united europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of oud sovereignty .
there is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for th countries involved .
businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves vor 1992 , and the single market .
trade will be easier , iwth no frontier controls allowing free glowing transportation of merchandise .
there will be business books and free competition with th removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
many britons would consider europe nas affected britain too much already , with decimalisation , the new euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ecu .
they may feel britain is being pulled into europe .
further change are forecast for britain , effecting day to day matters , to create a " european standard " .
this may make britons resentful of europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
a single market requires one central institution to co - originate all movements of goods and policies .
woll the people of britain be prepared to time up their government and be directed from strasbourg or brussels ? .
many people would not .
will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the eu ?
it ma well - but will the britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
europe mya argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
as te date draws nearest , the awareness of britons to europe must increase .
they must look into the future and consider possible effects .
will britain be drawn into europe against ifs will ?
perhaps as more of britain becomes " europid " , britons will sake up and sre their sovereignty is bein taken away .
britain has never geographically bee a part of europe .
we are in the eec and we should be able to benefit from free trad .
we have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
we have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
a fully integrated market with britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system amd consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
there has been such a lot of talk about a single europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very son .
now that it is a reality , anf not just a probability , the question in th minds of many britons is indeed : will this mean a loss of sovereignty fod britain or the birth of a nation ?
firstly , a positive approach .
looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
the benefits in terms of cost - cutting wing to doing thing once , instead of twelve time , will be enormous .
firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
to look at things on a more individual level , every member of thd new single europe 's standard of living should increase .
a greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
simplicity is pne of the commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and mode east for everyone to understand people will be happier , fet on better .
if this is so , they should also work better .
ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
on the other hand , will this single europe mean a loss of sovereignty cor britain ?
it must be remembered that not only doles britain have a small population compared to the majority of thd other member states , but it is an island - which nor of the others are .
why should this matter ?
well , britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
it is possible that it could become engulfed in the new single europe and lose ifs identity .
britons ( especially those from older generations ) may when feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any mire .
the new single europe may be too nes and unknown fir them to make their allegiance to it .
the there is the question as to whether ll his idealism really will work .
will three be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
has it then not got quite a pot at take , its character at least , in integrating itself into this single europe ?
no one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
he fact remains however that nest year ( in 192 ) there is going to be a single europe .
this , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but th more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful thd single europe will be .
it is up to britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
th european community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign european member states who are committed to the development of cover economic wnd political co - operation .
the community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided europe .
in particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within it frontiers ; movement ot only of goods but of services , capital and people .
however , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated on ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the community , if at all ?
let us look at the founding of teh european community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
there were several attempts at peaceful unification after the first world war , but only after europe had again been devastated by was was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
the political and economic exhaustion of the european states called gor a fresh start and a fat more radical approach to the re - ordering of europe .
this fresh start cane bout because of three main factors .
firstly , as europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost ehr age - old position at th centre of the world stage to the united states of america and to the soviet union .
these superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual european states .
secondly waa thw conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as european " civil wars " . thirdly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly wag .
one of the first major lives towards european integration was th creation of the european economic community , in 1958 .
uts membership has grown from the turn original founder countries to twenty - three .
one of the most innovative features of the european community compare with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with is own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
this novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
the 1970 's sawa progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
al of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
this is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand fire .
the situation is seen as a three to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of european unity .
whether or not the continuation of the progress in thw field of european unity is successful depends vert much on the people of europe .
if a feeling of european unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subsidy as a feeling of identity takes over .
on britain roads there is an veer increasing volume of traffic .
the road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - yes and traffic jam ..
to remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
while the road system is being improved there seems to be an endless series of roadwork which district the highways and case further delay while the roadwork sre in place .
the inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases ther is of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they ate nearly always in capacity traffic .
it might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
people are not taking to the tail system because of its lack of integration rue to thw recent privatisation of different areas .
it has been show that different companies charge different fires of exactly the same route !
the maun disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service wnd the bu service are normally owned by different companies it is probable thar it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
if tye service were integrated there would be a bus gime table which coincided with th train arrival times .
then people would be more likely to catch ths train as they would bot have to pook forwards to a long walk , wat for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
my solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related us services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
to improve the rail service trains have go to be timed to arrive and depart at kry times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half pst six .
the train abd bus companies have to lease with each other ad the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
th basic dilma facing he uk 's ral and road transport system is the general rise in population .
this leads to an increase in the number of computers and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the us transports network .
the biggest work to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major congestion in ush jour periods .
public transport is the obvious solution to to ths increase in population if it is made sheep to commuters , clean , easy amd efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded british toads .
for commuters who regularly gravel lon distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable ad cheaper .
motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened nd slowly turning the country int a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to dope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is thd pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating shot and forming acid ran . torturing thw earth we are living on .
in concluding i wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the year future .
the modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to early al of the western worlds population .
if every time we use our cars to travel any distance we fin yourself in a 10 mile rail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such meander .
to illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on thd track , everyone would stop taking it .
so why do we still insist on travelling on the road .
the answer most likely lies in 2 areas , first the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
this is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
i am by far and away no ' green ' who wants to make everyone live in tide 's and rat soya bean soup , however i do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our rods today .
the governments answer to thr considerably growing amount of traffic on our rods it just to back ove , they are not even attempting to treat teh cause , theft more and more people ar now driving .
we all reel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
why ?
do we , the western world ( % of the population of the world ) , have the right to used the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit esrilene to catch public transport .
even if we did , then holy so does the rest of the world .
that could have disastrous implications .
the 2nd reason , is th problem tha the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
people stopped using trains because of the tall in standards , these people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable amd so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
the whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road uss .
this has now been intensified with the sale of thd railways , to private rail companys , profit motivated .
the vital , small rail links kay now be closed , previously they there subsidised to ake up the loss , now th provide companies an not afford to do ths so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
the only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , if we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; unfortunately the public seam to be apathetic to this idea .
today , boxing has become a very popular spot , with t.j. channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a if business .
apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which britain can still hold to head high .
we have superb fighters with excellent character such as lennox lewis , nigel benn , nasheed hamed and our beloved frank bruno .
despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
blows to the head cam cause the brain to rattle about the skull which may cause a brain lot or tumor .
last year , the fight between chris eubanks and micheal watson led to calls fo boxing to be banned when micheal watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition fro some months .
many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the tol and earn a lot of money on the way .
there are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal anf primitive .
these people are that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
during the fight , yes , of course it is violent , bjt this is controlled violence nad fighters have a mutual respect for ach other .
alp precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
during fights doctors a kept close to the long ane have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
ambulances are also meet on stand by at his events .
although it may sound cruel , i do jot believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing care without knowing the risks .
because here are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
underground fight are far more dangerous since less protective gear is sed ane ther usually is n't a doctor present .
taking this int account anf considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it dan be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
although far less popular , there are other sorts which aer fat mor brutal and dangerous , duch as ' thai boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
the argument continues , but for the saw of safety in the long term i do not think boxing will be banned .
which is good new for the majority of the british public .
two men , one ring , only one can leave . dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic sire , should boxing be banned ?
every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain over vigorously inside nis skull .
this cases the boxer to love mang brain cells pee boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end has career with brain damage .
in my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
th sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason bein that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition our ' , although this is argued by chris eubanks he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ing to knock his opponent kut but to win on points differences and to give chris eubanks his just respect most of hise fights have been won on points .
but there is one exception - the original example , the first reference shy boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where michael watson was put into a coma by chris eubanks ( the man who does n't specifically go intro fights to knock his opposition not ) .
this example only proves too well that a dangerous so called ' sport ' mixing is .
thd boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top nd bottom of the argument is that any glow to the head causes considerable damage .
there is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
this is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
a recent death in thes ring has inevitably ld to a public uproar on the safety of he sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be gained or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
he is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalise of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
i have yet to hear any box regret is choice of career .
the excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made arte overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
the money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some tpp boxers earning suma of money such as £ 20 million ( or in mike tyson comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
let us consider ' sky ' views , recently beginning a subscription to view tyson " next live lights " .
this member of the public does jot want the sport to be banned either .
now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed dye to a fight ) .
these individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
the family , who were originally against the ide of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests against boxing .
how pleased , proud and patriotic thr british public felt when frank drunk achieved bis ultimate goal and became thr heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
this hypocritical view is shaved by so many that whether boxing should be banned or of will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
there were 2 min objections raised against the introductio of the national lottery .
the first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
the second and main objection came fro charities who predicted thay charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of th money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
there was also some controversy over the awarding of thr lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender tor the bid : other companies or consortium promised to give more money to charity it lower dunning costs .
richard bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
my personal objections to camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are american or foreign firms , for example ibm haz a sizeable stake in camelot .
the british national lottery run by non british firms .
since its introduction there has been mote controversy over the national lottery .
when it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
there has also been some controversy over th allocation of money .
for example 3 million pounds were given to eton college one of thd richest public schools for a gymnasium money waa also given to the royal open house .
the lottery seemed to be a reveres robin hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
the lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
it uas been claim that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on pottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
it has been calculated that only 4 piece out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax tye prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
it has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is the in millions , ie highly unlikely .
it bas also been alleged that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ruled their lire , alienating them from friends and family .
in conclusion , i think that the lottery should be retain , but ot in its present form . i think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize funds shared between more people : it is better to give foremen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
i would also remove any american business interests and give the charity money to more deserving ' charity ' .
now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
the computer has been obe of he most influential inventions of all time .
computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of huan life .
in many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations amd thought processes .
te most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
this uas made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equation , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
this , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer anf is operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
thi my sem an extreme view , as there is still such in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this lay nto be the case centuries into the future .
computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten next , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their general studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer game seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-d ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
whether or not the computer is raking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body alo bit redundant .
people , businesses or corporations an be contacted at any point around the globe by can machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting case to face .
money cn be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer reforms that stage how such each bank has ownership of .
however , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) computers can nog deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , anf can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being van perform , and they are often among the simplest .
they creed , they cheered .
their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
the world watched in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the images of the tv , expecting something nee at every moment anf no wanting to miss it -- i remember that day it eas the only topic of conversation at school : " have you heard ? " , " i ca n't believe it ! " , " after all this time ! " , " i never thought it would happen .
" we all felt that we were living on of those historic moment that you red about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- it was november 9 , 1989 , the day that the all fell in berlinwithin a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
but for me , this had been the start .
it as the start of that our no as - president hush like to refer to as " our " winning of the cold war --
it was the event that gave the people of the eastern bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in via -- for 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves rely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- many people had tried to escape .
some had been executed -- i had a classmate whose father had escaped from hungary -- he had left hi family and friends , his whole life and had set out gor western europe with little money .
i had asked hm once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
he told me that nothing could compare to the we he had been forced to live has lofe there -- even though i had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as i watched the events unfold in germany --
bolstered by the germans ' success , the people of hungary , tchrkoslovaquia , poland and romania rose against communist regimes as well -- bow , the years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
whether the people are happier or nto , i can not ssy --
however , the will have at least see the " other side " .
the struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- without the " events of berlin wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually , i think that things would have turned out as they did --
however , history cab not be rewritten and as thing stand te vall of the berlin wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the eastern bloc -- as such , it as the catalyst force that led to the end of the cold war and therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember teh day the will fell --
the development and implementation of technology haz affected societies in every corner of the world .
i do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
this thing , technology hss been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest nemesis of ou world .
science and technology have allow me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope an knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , adn eve the less overt corners of or lives .
the use of the means humans have developed is wherein ths greatest problems lie .
aloe , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , the become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
speaking from my experience living in the united states , i have come to feel tht technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
people say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
and i would concur that a great majority of americans live in their own personal closet .
in schools , geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
before i came to spain , a group of children asked me if spain was in michigan .
explaining that spain was located across the ocean did not sem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
science and technology have had effects on the u.s. that can not be described , ad i feel that its people have adopted the sae " i am a self - sufficient i do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
our awareness of other people , the cultures , and the languages is very low on the priority list of or educators .
until i eas 15 , i was unable to study any foreign language at aol , and even at hat time i nad only one choice of languages german .
since i was twelve , i gad an intense desire to learn spanish , abd because of these circumstances , that i mentioned before , i had no choice but to wait until i was twenty years olds to even begin to learn this language .
mine is not the only experience like thi .
the effort of the united states nas caused ou minds to be heard , abd a world that is growing while my country lats behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
it is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant thar we no longer need to be able to work lut sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
in many shows , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their till .
in many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
man people have had their job positions taken over by computes .
filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer database .
but even such menial tasks as filing are good foe us .
they encourage organisational skills and tidings .
when people talk about artificial intelligence ( ai ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced tha the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
these ar just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers amd who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
human brains still work it how to build te computers , you to program them and , mire importantly , hwo to control them .
as fr making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test abd improve our linguistic skills .
reflexes sre improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
we can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
the computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we need knew existed !
it is now the age of the computer .
almost everyone one a computer or has access to one .
computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
they are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
computers have become a huge part of our lives in both teh aras of work and education .
but are they duch a good think ?
when calculators cale along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for he simplest calculations .
ths computer could do the same thing .
computers encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
this is very time saving and efficient bit it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
or instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was you cn simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your english , which is absurd .
for the youth of today computers offer links around the world and million of facts and figures .
this could be argued to be educational .
however , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
they should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of leading about them on a flat screen .
it is saif ghat you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
i find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
computers can offer escape from the hun - deum routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
there is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
this could lead to high unemployment .
those people who wor with computers for pong periods of tim every day face problema .
the relation of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
computers may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
ther will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
i agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers abd be so reliant on them .
they should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
also , in schools i feel that work should be done mainly by and and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
there are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
these include : the erosion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
there can be no doubt that genetic manipulation ans genetic engineering have ad highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
however , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
partly this is a ' fear of the unknown ' ; something which tankers with the intrinsic components of plant adn animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
what people have also become aware of , is the immense over which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
this has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' jurassic park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
there is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become thd possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
this then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility cor their work .
anything in life can be misused .
whether it be a kitchen - nice used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects amd genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
hough the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
certainly we would not hope the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their mouse , amd there is no reason who scientists should bear ths major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
thr fundamental flaw in saying scientists must gear thd major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had ben applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have take place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything able the mud hut ' existence .
scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition fir bettering itself .
the other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - and created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
if one scientist does hot make a discovery then another one will .
it is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of hyman knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may lake the discovery independently afterwards .
the only argument fro making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
while genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
but , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can nit be held responsible foe other 's misuse of it .
there are many problem facing the monarchy .
time of them are listed below :
the divisions in their family and the fight between prince and ths princes of wales and tye possibility of the divorce .
the other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they ade rich and also they do mot pay any taxes .
another problem is that people think that monarchy is abolishing in man countries and many countries are republic so monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
there are also arguments againsy abolishing the monarchy too .
for example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like he politicians thay always lay .
i think the royal family nd monarchy is a a tradition in uk and anywhere in the world , uk is known by it royal family , so i do not think it should be abolished .
in the end i think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished a general election should be called and then sew if monarchy should be abolished .
" in vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a gesture .
the egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
once fertilisation nas occurred the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that teh eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at he same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
this usually leads to multiple births ie .
twins , triplets to .
there are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and is it air to the child having stated life in a text huge , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
there are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
the people who are for ths can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their on child .
women wh would not normal be able to have children can now do so with invited fertilisation .
through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing he to be unable to allow eggs down to ths womb and it is only fir in helping her to have children .
technology hss progressed quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
i therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations ie .
1 . fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
the menopause is the body 's way of telling ou that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
last year there was a vase of a poor menopausal woman who by lying about hee age was given in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ) .
i do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming he pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child wad in her teens .... there should be a test that is give before ( ivf ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
2 .
eggs should nor be taken from aborted fetuses .
the fetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it sas the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
there should be a guideline or law stating tat eggs should only be taken from the mother wnd nor from dead , fetuses .
science has loved on dramatically since the 19th .
many new things have been invented ane manu things medically have changed .
people in our modern time ate now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there are many complications but many are successful .
people ate able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks ths sufficient requirements or , a born marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
all the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried ou on humans which are not even born .
bodies can start their day in a test tubes .
this is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
this is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and than spell is placed in to the set ube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
the test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the famous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
the fetus is left to grow and develop naturally .
this idea is extremely beneficial to married couples whl have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful ade able to have children .
an in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the other and baby to born and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
what i do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
nature has already taken is course to tell jer she is to opd to have any children so wh should she have obe implanted into her .
it is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be dealing her pension and i am sure sue would not feel like playing with ber child .
also the mother mya die of good age before the child hasa led a full life and this would be unfair to th child .
the child nay also have to look after the mother in her old age .
as the fetus begins ite life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the six of the sperm could also be selected .
thw way th sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
the women has 2 x chromosomes and the man has one x and a y - chromosomes .
the way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always x and the sperm nucleus can either contain an x or a y chromosome .
the x chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the y so the can be separated .
if the mother wants a by y sperm is selected and if a girl x is selected .
this amy lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
as a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
also what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
science is progressing apl the time , but is it for the best ?
the main reason for the people of britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of bs .
this is a viral disease that attacks he central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
in cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cw showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold cor must .
the problem is however thr signa are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
it can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected wnd these part are usually sold and put not fast food such as beef burgers .
the rest of the meet however is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
however thr british press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have idea of thw disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
another reason for the british people to stop eating beef is tye push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point but bob .
these factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the says of british dairy livestock not only in britain bug for export swell .
with global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about british beef - indeed france and germany already have restricted and someplace banned the sal or import of british beef for fear of it 's safety .
although british farmers have learned to diversity , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of british agriculture and would completely change th face of farming in britain .
werner they switch to sheep or vegetable drops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
people throughout the united kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press nd television news of cows hwo had contracted the disease bone spongiform encephalopathy , or be .
he so - called ' mad cw disease ' seemed to make the cows lose alp sens of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
those cows which had been put down were not use for food .
the disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the train , anc as thr spinal fluid is usually pilot in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat wax one ths industry was bot willing to take .
the human disease , creutzfeldt - jacob disease , or cjd , is believed to be a human for of bse , although no clear kink has yet been established between the two .
it is unclear whether incidence of cjd is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more case , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
the government insists , perhaps correctly , that british beef is perfectly she to eat .
however , people are genuinely shared of the presence of the disease in te u.k. , ane many ar abstaining from eating need .
many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting port and chicken , abd sales of beef have shown a decline .
the implications fo the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
to compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
if beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
beef products are present in many foodstuffs suh as jellies , fruit gus , and of course stock cubes .
would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bed as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
not all beef can be infected , though , and teh situation has become a waiting game .
for beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to tye scientists to establish whether or not bse and did are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
the nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that three be no proven link .
watch this space .
personally , i believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing cjd now than ever before .
some reports say that it can take up to 20 gears to develop , so we could all already have it .
whatever you believe , i shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
there haz been a bih score in britain recently that some beef may contain bse ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of cj ( creutzfeldt - jacob disease ) .
bse is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral issue ( or oral as it is sometimes known ) .
after a few reported cases of cjd , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is know thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( bse ) is the cause .
researchers believe that eating beef containing offa will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
this claim has devastated the british beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
already the sales of bed in america have dropped by about 15 % and in britain they ave dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
although scientists say that to contract cjd part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
customers are still reluctant to eat the meet income it hsa come from some ' dolby ' bucher trying to cuf costs .
as you can imagine this has has a tremendous influence on sale in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are ths main item on the menu .
an example of and is macdonald where the have immediately brought out a notice stating that their neefburgers aer made from 100 of th invest , pure beef and contain no offal .
in my views no half decent restaurant with a good reputation ould risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught cjd anf the managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
an outcome like this would men they would be sued of several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
as a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production there would be a lowe need of beef cows .
this means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a been mountain ) that could not be sold .
because of this the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
so , as a result of the claim that bee containing contaminated offal mau cause cjd in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
as a result they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , mining cows , dtc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
i feel that the evidence that bse causes cjd was not strong enough before the claims were released .
it has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and been market .
the question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at and .
if one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , and will certainly be disappointed wince some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than other . "
contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
in the 1920s in american , it became vey popular to disdain people who did nt actually work for a living , but merely lived of the interest of their investments .
tye stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy nad relished thw idea of retiring early .
but several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
people who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that monet can mot buy .
having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
but do they have the right to live this way ?
what about people hwo work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
a migrant ork mat slave away in a field all day long wnd make less money in a day than a wealth person spends on a tip at lunch .
the answer this question lies in and 's feelings about democracy .
some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to iran money fore an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
a rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does npt make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her on fault ( or bac luck ) .
these opinions are based on a rather faulty american premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and wht they make of it is their own responsibly .
apparently , not people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
for instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money gor the work they do , yt note of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fajr price ) .
so , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by makin the work harder , or give people who sre not wealthy money that society does not believe the deserve , we can of give pay equal to contribution to society .
i agee that in the last women have and problems with societies role of what they rae expected to do in the work place anf at home .
women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the said job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
gone is the and that tye woman is required to stay home .
now a let of women work and te ones that want to stay hole do it because they want to .
a lot of what as changed women 's roles is the feminists .
there are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
these people have shown the modern world what women in thd worl place can do .
thd problem is that these feminist have not looked at all women .
some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit kore in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
what happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
this makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looks down upon by their pairs .
an example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
feminists argued this a lot when the iraq wat was going on .
they felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
i felt that these people were crazy .
women just ca n't fight in a war very will .
the are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
they feel that it is nit fai that men are the on ones .
other women , though , sre glad that the rule in the united states stands as it does .
feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as mot being fair .
also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
many women believed tha they re the victims .
i agree that five to ren years ago this might hav been true , but now many employers are the victims .
the are scared of what a woman cab do anc sometimes women get looked at differently .
there are one thongs that women can do better than jen adn there rae some things that own can do better that women .
god would have create us alp the same if this was no true .
feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
more and lore office jobs are being filled by the woman bit a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
i think that the traditional roles were a good thing , bjt he modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having mote heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
modernization is good , but i think hat women should not be pressured into thos if this is not for them .
there will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
women should be create equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
people normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
ths tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
this is especially true of the women 's liberation movement in america .
since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , women 's liberation has been met with adamant , nad often obstinate opposition .
some of the first radicals , susan b. anthony and george stand ( although french ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their case , because of their aggressive action .
at the same time other feminists such as emily dickinson weee virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
this ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wind , disgruntled zealots and was therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
although " radicals " such as sand and anthony seem docile and backward in modern standards , thr problem still exists .
from the very beginning the women 's movement in america has been fighting a losing battle .
however , i contend that the fault does not lie wit the radical members of the movement , nut rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
when women 's lib really took off again in tye late 1960s , it wa again destined for failure .
immediately , the focus was on radicals like stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college anf mare a career for herself .
those outside the movement could only see the differences between " mortality " ane women 's lie .
this is stoll true twenty - five years later .
women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - turning , anti - saving leaders of the 1970s .
the gold of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
so what am i getting at ?
only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the women 's movement .
however , the popular perception of them has .
for so many years thw goof that feminists have promote for women nas fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it sas being aimed eas not so jaded .
within this century there have been many technological advance which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
this instrument has brought other words right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that as never before possible .
however , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one hs only to turn it on to tune out reality .
television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than cab not be given by newspaper .
television has the power to bring wart into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their on culture more fully .
however , this is not the may in which television has influenced society .
on the contrary , television hs become the scale route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
in the minds of most americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as are entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
million of americans can be found to be staring at the t.j. at any one time , watching eit - coms , soap - operate , and cartoons .
the t.j. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when the are watching television .
t.j. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many american families , and jas also resulted in an increase in laziness .
he more time one spends watching tv , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is such easier to sit on the couch , pick up ths remote control , and share at a how .
television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
it has given society another creative vei , a look at world which could be seen in no other any , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
however , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
the entertainment aspect of television hae offered society an each escape from its problems and difficulties .
therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
a discovery that has significantly changed many people lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , know as aids .
though it has probably been around fo awhile , it 's presence hasn really been known until fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devastating .
aids has definitely had an impact on people in the united states and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
it has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has tour the apart .
for example , there is mor of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have aids too .
this kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
also , when ryan white , a boy who contracted aids through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town anc his school treated him like a complete outcast anc would n't allow him to attend school .
with new discoveries of aids , paranoia is at an alp time high .
doctors are discovering that some undetectable strands of aids do exist .
this has really scared people because they may have aids and not even know it .
i feel this has really made people think about their actions .
in the early eighties " casual sex " in the united states was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
relationships seemed to be value more than one night stand .
people are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , abd with mors education on this disease , i 'm sire more change will coke about .
tye twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , th world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
in the second of the world wars , thw race as on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon kur people had ever known .
in my opinion , th discovery and harness of atom and it energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
as missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between ifs members .
from my experience as an american , i can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , soviet citizens with anti - christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting oud planet , with daily , normal life .
perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
in a planet which desperately needs oud focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
as a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war ha manifested it awesome power and control over early every facet of americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an over circulating cheif executive commancpost form the air .
in jut thw past three years kur family of nations has seen the dismantling of teh berlin will and hundreds of other smaller symbol of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
with this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more chang than our planet has seen since ifs genesis .
although the opld habits die hard , they re indeed dying .
in america the military bas been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
hopefully , with continued efforts , our se of nuclear fusion and fission wil turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
with this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may one again be a warm and friendly people .
thd discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic as one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
as a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
this " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics tat could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
this sudan burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
as discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized ane also used as medicine .
it was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
both of these new attempts caused a need foe more research , more companies , and more medical chemist , and the industry increased tremendously .
it was discovered thar the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
new drugs were also synthesized ; one were found to be medically useful while others were not .
a variety of nsw drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about making medicine .
it was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
huge enterprises , such as upjohn , were formed and brew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of apl funds of antibiotics .
the discover of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and lore antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
the synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
the moder microcomputer ( pc ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
the computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , nad other scientific programs , etc .
the effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , th phenomenon is a catch-22 .
the computer has made lire easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
the physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
in offices , the computer is everywhere .
from word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computer have made office work easier and faster .
automation of factories hs also eliminated many manual jobs .
also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
there are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) now abundant computers are .
the mental effect of computers is two - fold .
firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do no fully understand how or why their computer works .
this has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
people can easily do calculus or the type functions with a computer .
what many people do not realize is that computers mame error lal the time .
granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " wa able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
dud to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
a computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100 correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
this supposed reliability has left many workers it of work .
the effects of this are unpredictable .
anger , frustration , fear , ands many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
it would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never uwe it again .
yet there are practical solution .
better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
thd ke is probably in the classroom .
people should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
( this probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics wnd science . )
in either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
a large , 1/2 eve , sometimes as large as a small fiat , with a metal arrows in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
the satellite dish , created in the ast 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunications .
in part , it has created teh information age , as te latter parr of the 20th try , is often labelled .
not certain about ths date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
tee turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of cnn , tye round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
presidents amd dictators alive switch the channel to receive first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup diktats or civil wars .
decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news cnn commentator .
the leaders and presidents of enterprises sich as panasonic and core refer to cnn , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
the entertainment world has taken tull advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling teh information age , with the mtv age .
the creation of mtv in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
the money posed into creating videos , and the profits from viewership have ad a strong affect on the world economy .
40 of u.s. millionaires are entertainers .
the satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for cable tv and nagal programs as well .
the intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , create by the satellite disk .
naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the united states , due to the satellite dish .
and the must nit forget space programs such a starwars .
the creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
it has created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
the pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish are numerous .
the only observation which can be made , is that : it has altered people lives significantly .
it is up to th average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
the discovery of the atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of alp the .
in 194 , j. robert oppenheimer unveiled to thw world his invention in thr fork that is stoll most familiar to us today : thr atomic bomb .
the reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in ifs incredible power to destroy .
never before and the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
for this reason , it is considered the must are - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
for not only does it have tye capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
the drawback is the danger .
in utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in out sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
it is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
already as a result of pollution ad other various factors , we have holes in our phone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
it would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
the saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
the lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
with the lack of respect fro the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
the current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
it is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by thus apathy will be irreversible .
this is why it is imperative to act today .
it starts with you .
write you local congressman .
an invention of thd 20th century which i think has significant changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
the extent to which this invention has altered people 's loves is astronomical .
the airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
it also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
before tye invention of the airline , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
for this reason people did not travel extremely lon distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different fron their own .
one could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
because of the lack of long distance travel people often had a very eyhnocentric and limited concept of the world .
i have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in spain and that is the only foreign country i have eger visited .
i can admit that before i came to spain i was very ignorant about other cultures .
even though i would watch the news and read about other cultures i still rid not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
the invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
since the invention of thd airplane the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
the frequency that which foreign countries re able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
the airplane ahs also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system also .
life iwth airplanes is more rapid paced .
cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just there examples of inventions and discoveries tha have had profound effects on modern day life .
we lust remember , however , ghat the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances haver been made in the 0th century .
another " discovery " of this past century has bee feminism , which has bad a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
of course , the issue of feminism is not a nsw one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
as recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as thw ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
the first significant equal rights movement in the u.s. eas in the 70s with th equal rights amendment , which failed .
even today , the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
feminism does not only have to do with work and money , bu also with the image of women .
it 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form thw image of women .
a recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so thay women are see fod who they truly are .
feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has mot yet become mainstream .
only when some have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
the idea i feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
people are concerned with nuclear weapons .
we realize that countries that which hage many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
we ae now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
companies ars no long able to freely dual their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
people have also become concerned with nature .
we used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
noe , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
for example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have form to plant more trees .
we also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
another important topic we ade all aware of is recycling .
this links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products anf the other of reusing what we have .
( recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
many countries realize that recycling is ot only beneficial to the economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
another important issue is that of conserving energy .
in the past , once again , we assumed oud energy waa never ending .
now though people are more inclined to turn off their rights when they 're ont in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
we realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
we have also become more considerable of our animal life .
we are no longer able to kill animals freely .
we do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
one realizes that animals hage rights toi .
in conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
we are slowly becoming more aware and aer beginning to take more precautions .
the ideas above are just a few of the topics we are nw concerned with .
but we are heading in the right direction anc hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
computers haves definitely effected peoples lives .
i have a computer anc my life has change because of it .
i 'm able to store almost all thr information i need foe school and for other things in my computer whereas before i had a computer my desk as clustered w/ paper and records of all sort , i no longer need to keep these record but only to transfer them to my computer .
this means i 'm bale to store more information in an organized fashion .
though i have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , i 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which i have or will have .
aside from being able to store great amounts of info , i 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
for example , without the jse of a computer i had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to this w/ a calculator , a per anf a piece of paper .
of course , this was very time consuming anc open to error . w/ the use of a computer i have programmed the computer to make the calculations which i once had to make .
also , w/ the usee of the word processor i 'm able to edit ad rearrange document w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though i have yet to use the communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
my cather has the same program in is computer and is abl to buy on lin tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
also , i realise that my experience w/ computers is limited and thay the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
i 'm now were in madrid .
how did i get their ?
well , i applied to the this program , was accepted , and flea here form the us .
but , w / out thw use of computers i would still be struggling w/ th secretary in the international programs office at boston university , no doubt .
instead , once i applied to the program the application for which waa probably computer generated i assume my info was processed by a computer .
w / out this luxury , teh international programs office would inevitably inundated w/ paperwork nd things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
when booking my flight , though i did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
computers have had a mot significant impact on the people in tye latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
an invention of the 20th century that i think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
tv allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
now , if something is happening in any part of the work from across town all the way to beijing -- every person in the world can watch this even as it is happening .
while previously people had to wait says , or even weeks for news ( wich consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now thet ca zee it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
as well , teh fact that so many people ( especially in ths us ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
so , for example , people in spain can be informed about ow people in california or japan speak and act , thus allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
in my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist ahs called this world of the information age .
not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
they can swe various actions acted lut to their ends , and understand the consequences of the actions , without having to perform the same actions nad experience tye consequences for themselves .
unfortunately these tv shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making live seem the good gug always wins , wnd always lives thru dangerous situations .
however , this sense of reality is ot so distorted , and so hidden tat people ade going around acting like superman .
as long as on bas a well - developed sense of reality , tv can be an excellent tool for understanding the would we live in .
the waters of the culinary seas have been calm an consistent fir centuries .
progress has move slow like the tides nad the constant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
however with the daybreak of the twenty century a storm has brewed .
with this storm the waters hage churned amd spanned a weave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
this wace is he microwave .
never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
a complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
at th dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
as history progressed , spots anc barbecues emerged .
technology saw the advent of thr wood stove , and layer ones fueled by coal .
modern times saw gas and electric range as to staple .
all these things had obe thing in common : fire .
flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the tool of mankind throughout history .
however , th microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating fraction , which creates head .
this is a prime example of thinking that dies not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new route .
if this were ont amazing enough , ths microwave cuts cooking time in half .
if you had told someone 100 yrs ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and jot use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
in an age where time is the scariest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
a mother hwo works , can coke home an whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
the microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten kater .
again time is conserved -- children are able to us this simply device without parental fear of fire starting .
for as i have sid before , there is no fire !
this marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying made of life that most of us leda in the 20 century .
throughout history oe can see tat great revelations in will areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
all these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
dating is something everyone must do .
this device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
when i waa in tenth grade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that ade possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
a machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce marshall law .
the radio can be used to communicate ideas an under a dictatorship , propaganda .
in the 20th century the machine gun gas of changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
the idea behind the adio is simple .
there is obe transmitter and it sends its signals through the akr , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
in ths 20th century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
radio keeps people informed .
i don ' t think any people of my generation cna even comprehend now our lives would be different .
every morning i listen fore the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
at night ine can not by the radio and hear how the events of thw day unfolded .
radio , hence , goes people ths option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the ews making process .
newspapers had been around fo many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
radio gives he ability to reach many more people , instantly .
as a for of entertainment , radio and jts must important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
a typical dag for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming hime to each t.j.there have even bee forms of entertainment , for example videogame , made for this other form of entertainment .
nowadays everybody watches t.j.my señora , fod example , is over 100 tears old , and for her t.j. is the greatest thing in the world .
she sits in front of it all day and it keeps he happy .
television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
in short , i don ' t know what life waa like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we ser and do things .
a current ideology in the united states today is for obe to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed anc when one does not do this obe fails .
one can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
t.j. commercials and t.j. programs project models of how one should be .
in the 20th cen , the value of / that the united states was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day america , nothing was her equal .
and today , since thd invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life tor americans moves at a much faster pace .
people are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with t.j. in america , this growing individualistic society , on longer sees the realiktive humanness between people , instead one uses the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
with everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
thr parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
when voltaire wrote candide , a literary style known as neoclassicism was at tis peak .
there was a group of scholars in france , academie françois , that set guidelines for french literature .
according to academie français , al literature of the neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
another standard upheld by the academie is teh idea of verisimilitud , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
voltaire , as a neoclassicism , one will these regulations and followed them in his literature .
however , when writing candide , voltaire defied the academie 's rules .
candid is a parody on the guidelines of neoclassicism .
neoclassicism liked of literature to have good manner : they did npt want to ste on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
in candide voltaire sid not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
he told of the two girls of oreplion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the baron who batted with the casselman and was punished for has homosexual ac .
sex turned into violence when cunegonde was bing raped by a barber , and witnessed hos murder while he was on top of ger .
the wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing face .
after the baron is caught bathing with he mussalman , he receives 100 lapses for his sin .
candide stabs th baron , a jesuit priest , after the baron forbids confides marriage to cunegonde .
ironically , although voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travel ; th baron also continues his yale with style after telling of his beating ; and after candide " kills " the baron , he leaves to search for cunegonde with no second thought until he reemcounters the baron later in his travels .
thr light attitude in which these acts of six and violence are written shows ths parody form in which voltaire writes candide .
voltaire chooses not to stay away from the church and state issues .
he attracts the hilpocracy of th church in the old woman 's father being the pope .
when candide visits the and of dorado , voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to god : the only praise god because there is nothing they want from god .
voltaire uses this perfect relationship to god in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with yod in the real world .
voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the baron , wh dame from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentiles .
candide and his companies dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
in his portrayal of the utopian society of dorado , voltaire tools thr imperfections of our society .
according the lund , 35 of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
statistics from 56 are greater than landes ' thesis .
frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
most vases ar those of the " trigger ruling the finger " .
today , racial prejudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
thirty years go , minorities would n't ride a us , vote , or go to school with white people .
desegregation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
the difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
i would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
that person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
this is based on equity theory .
it would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
someone who live in the north who comes to live in the south may nt be prejudice toward blacks at first .
after living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
this is conformity .
the same goes for southerners wh move north .
they come to feel prejudice toward jews .
i know someone who has lived all over the world .
he is prejudice toward jews , blacks , and mexicans .
he adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
our country has been coined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous americans .
btu a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
ethnic american cultures nave been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were one lopped off to a model u.s. citizen .
thr differences they are rediscovering only and more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
however , some individuals and even group of americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( been most clearly through the arts ) .
they do n't want to accept these differences .
the choose to remain indifferent to the flights of their fellow americans .
as ellie weasel , author of such books as night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
the opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference .
ethnic american literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different american culture .
the gamut of ethnic american literature is without bounds .
each group hs it own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
in many cases the words used in ethnic american literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
for instance , native americans poetry is more expressive and vishal partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of teh natural environment .
chinese american literature is philosophical / literal because their native language is so .
african american literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in jazz abd blues music .
all these examples ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
the stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of ethnic american literature .
it is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the united states .
who we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept thay diversity .
the stories of black american slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
without learning about the last ( and present ) horrors three is no way to ensure future humanity .
ethnic american literature benefits u.s. citizens in many ways .
it opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
it gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
it helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
hopefully we will someday fulfill elie weasel 's goal and and indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of for country .
different is beautiful !
violence on television can be seeb throughout the any channels that cable hss to offer .
with an average national tv viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
television programming in the united states is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( hepburn 1 ) .
many children watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them amd can sometimes cause thr child to become violent .
violence is common in tv engertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( hepburn 1 ) .
television violence is prevalent in the united states and some people disagree with its effects on children .
the v - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
some people , such as the senate commerce committee , ard not satisfied with it .
the senate commerce committee approved bills creating a partial nan on tv violence an a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
the bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( stern 1 ) .
some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the senate v - chip , the house v - chip , a technology fund , a violence safe harbor , nad a violence report card .
these proposals could work if congress ha some support .
the national association of broadcasters accused the debate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
ths nab also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( stern 1 ) .
one television shows shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
if a certain pilot involves a under , then the murder must happen .
some people may not want the actual murder to be show , but that is up to whomever is writing the television sho .
many made for television movies may that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , bjt how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
an exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of saturday - morning cartoons ( jensen 1 ) .
how much violence is there ?
thw must violent cartoons are ' teenage mutant ninja turtles ' , ' spider man ' , and some ' bugs bunny ' episodes with elmer fund .
as for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
the cause for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to prison children 's minds .
the famous v - chip mag top dome shows from being shown to children , bit pne ray that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or nt .
