It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I used to think that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and not , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car , but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that it is very convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience , when I did n't have a coach , I usually used the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
In India we have various types of public transport , like cycles , bikes , cars , trains & flights .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , more transport is chosen accordingly .
Generally speaking , travelling by far is much more fun when compared with other models of transport .
It reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and place is Ava .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We stop at hotels to have food and , just in case if either of us feels hungry , we purchase some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & flight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap in the back seat and wake up fresh .
For For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you give me the chance to join you .
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love to play with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport played everywhere . When I travel on the beach I play with my sister on the sand and after that we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young , I liked play with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you about some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the other hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel to .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
They are wonderful cities , because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " puerta del sol " , " kas libeled " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want , I will ask for a job from you .
My best friend is looking for a person responsible for looking after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after her every weekend .
Are you interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the future .
because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in a mass transport system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating most running their own road .
But it can be a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane to travel to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future , but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it , the cafe is better because we do n't need to wait for them , we wait for the but or underground , but on the other hand , a car costs more money than public transport .
By car , we can just say to ourselves which cab is good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people who are unowned . But if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both transportation are good and the days do n't need necessarily to end up with the public transport .
If I had to choose between both transportations I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by gas .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to lake compost in the las garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special ttashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also make talks and presentations about the earth 's problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Today I want to share my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . Why did I choose Stowell ? Football is an international sport . People around the world will love it , so mch!example like Barclay premier league , Liga premier , Fifa world cup and so on .
I believe that 's all that will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream of being a super hero !
After many years , he still dreams of becoming a super hero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thought that this profession was more similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university and he met a girl called Kate and he loved her and she loved him .
Kate Sas cursing the University of Fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael said she had her dream of being a super hero . Kate was so nervous , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming but it would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have heart .
He got so tired that he asked ber to get out of his apartment .
On the following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they get to some of Michael , they fight again and Michael gets a knife and kills her .
He cried with a lot of blood around him .
Michael got away from him .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings mountains of benefits to our society .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause ore damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , Taipei , we are always stocked in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or how long I will take for school .
The car is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans too .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by cars .
It causes global warming , which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that serious and frequently weather disasters have happened in decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fire and mud side .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
The ng office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If the ilm does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
lost shipments can be found more easily when this process starts right away . pleasure of travelling , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad , but , what 's the best way to do international trade ?
The most important option for travel is by plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
However , the better option is to get off a train .
There is n't comparution to watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the work that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many different kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than hour thos will make business msn happy and comfort because of saving a let of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possiblein modern societies , thee are lots of friends around our daily lives .
big project could not be finished without co - operations .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around us .
lore importantly , parents give our lives and they give us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , families play important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn bow to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a mal from our parents .
Secondly , the families could give gou some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to the families , the ideas would come to our families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , families are very important friends in our lives .
Computing technology has been advancing very much these recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every development .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting with the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
pld Computers used to occupy one entire room . Now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable computer , and take it with you to every place you visit .
OLS computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , march or make videos , invent new stuff to improve ths computing technology , and not only in 2 colors , bjt thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of modern computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . view ethernet fable or wireless connection ( wi - fi ) .
get rest , Mri went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make the gym super .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lives and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he knew about . So , as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house so i decoded to follow him to the house and i found out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfriend so i finally got an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he di with me , that way sh will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i though about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he dis with me !
buy wait a minute , Am I really so angry about making this ?
yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind . I did no longer have control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction i would feel when i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
but I was so mad at him and so anxious to make life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and bigger . I had made a position I was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tutoring me adn not wanting me to be happy i would the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had accomplished my goali 'm not agree with thi idea completely .
On the one hand , travelling by car is really much more convenient as life has a chance for you to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My favourite sportsi born to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I watch football on television , I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the barclays premier league , ligue 1 or liga bbva .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Deal Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . because me he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the gold bill in 2014 .
I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the gest championship , the uefa champions league , and the best scorer of all time in the uefa champions league is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my dad .
His dream is to become the next captain of a bi team and win a share of money .
My name is Jonny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like personality childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of holding a basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities to make the competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like the cold .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simple to people .
I really want to have this job .
I want to play with children and see their simple all day .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have a passion for this job .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response , thanks .
Public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more made , but some people prefer cars to an extent we agree with and what our reasons for that That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essaybefore about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in the years there was nog eben good facility to love from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having hsr own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the endnowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because thd find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster by when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel thw real experience adn to enjoy more by chilling it from crowded placesto summaries it is different from some ones opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will usd it more and more that by thr end cars will disappear and will will no longer be usedthe topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the rata of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures , and with low - budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 yearsdevelopment of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment would bring biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosts economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing gross domestic product ( get ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one , it does matter that one thing should be taken care of and the organiser of the town is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue in today 's fate .
government should take immense action to stop it or at least calm it slow down .
However , we the people have a really important part in making words .
active and a good government understands the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government .
People do not realize that cutting the true can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , the city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of a clean , safe , fresh environment in the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighboring cities take part in cleaning up the environment so one can it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football .
at our school or village football stadium , I spend a lot of time every day .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us on how to improve our football skills .
His main said , must work and work very hard , if you want to score high results " .
I can say that a coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
the first place as going by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Shamar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who is starting this sport must believe in yourself " .
With my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It was really nice to tour expressly e - lail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't three with me . I 'll describe everything precisely , because I know that you are Berylder Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I made no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years ago so I can speak with them in Spanish if it is necessary .
Also , I went on a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a long while ago . However , I still keep that rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other hallet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All the members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I have taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or a hobby for me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
because everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Besides , there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place where your best friend can help each and everyone .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survive , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your son .
Back to the topic , I do n't know any members of my family . I do n't trust them , honest .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cold weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like key chains , statues , or else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I do not have to go to New Zealand but believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of myself .
I love Lenin , a small city in east Sicily .
The local council has a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in a black sack .
Although the council has begun to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Around the area , you will find many places where people throw frigo , kitchen , " amino " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of engine could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and etna in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends and they were very important to me .
We played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live in situations that I did not like . For instance , the goals said me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years , I experienced the worst moment of my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that those said was one of the worst may of my life .
That night I cried because I felt that I did not have any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together we went to eat pizza and give me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I am one that never talks bad about myself .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is one the many important people in my life .
He has even been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking various desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient means of transportation , which has made public transportation systems far behind motor cars .
Hi USA summer camps ,
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I thought up the idea of if I worked in summer camps , I would improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting for your answer .
Hi , how are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning and the students were very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exams , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
The lessons are very funnydear Sir or Madam :
I have sewn your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying .
I speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . Besides , I have recommended paper my last company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
sandra barrientos
Technology has made people 's lives a very beautiful fact . We can think about the difference between our lives respecting either our parents or our grandparents lie.for example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't tv in the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at he mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents eoundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like cars are now popular , in the future , the importance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as an important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy is n't always maintained at a constant level , but someday it will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources , like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro , uses this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these types of energy . Travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a private car .
The rang of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perspectives , these problems are led by the over - use of personal vehicles .
People must realise that using their own car is just to waste their time in traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted aur .
So the best way for them to travel is public transport .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services for travelling have a bright potential and its stance in the future ca n't be replaceablehello Alex , how are you ?
Are you free for the weekend , have you any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
Then you help buy those wonderful presents .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to the temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Latter in the evening , I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that , because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and a better environment for the younger generation to grow up .
The effets of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of the lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimension and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There is n't enough oxygen at the point of Everest to breathe easily . Romero was 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I go to parties with my friends .
They listen to music we can sing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best song . He sings and talks in the party .
The other person is an angel , he does n't dance in places .
He prefers to study in your home .
Hello .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
At the moment , I am visiting these secondary modern schools .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is a girl who is in my class . She is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes look like the sun .
but she ignored me .
I hope I can forget him .
run for your language . My favorite sport is running .
I like to running fast so fast that it makes me feel as if I was on akr and my feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to dun is in the forest , but I like to run supportive too .
I like to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city .
The most advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every time you are running a little further and a little faster and then after 20 years you will be an olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational , whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly has any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching walking dear for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not welcome remunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the last new years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required to analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
television seems to be a controversial tool .
However , there is one reason : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes have broadened young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great large number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational content , there is so much foul content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe TYE educational programmes on TV still play a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " the sailor 's restaurant " .
We can eat typical Italian food .
The last time I was here , I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a let of hell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great one !
Also , it 's a perfect tor kur class because there is a lot of space so we can speak together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he paid us a reasonable price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has a future .
Currently , most people usually use their car to get to work or to go shopping , because it is more comfortable .
but cars pollute the sith co2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use it on their own .
In addition , having a cat is very expensive .
First of all , you need to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the assurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to five and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future we will have .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
but play a little old .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students to complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assisting the instructor . The instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor answering questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene . very hard , but i have nothing to complain about .
I worked hard for two months , paid a lot .
Our wages are paid much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport . The government has to help public transport , for example bhs , trains , metro and more , for one reason : the quality of lofe against pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for searching for parking and for the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
Instead , in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tim Sawyer was a man who lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish him because sometimes he did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he met his friend Hack . They talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
He saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tok said to her about another girl , so she got up and she ignored Tom .
Tok was so sad because because he did n't want to talk with him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When rom saw a house , he snuck into the house and saw his aunt polly crying for him .
So the next , the people of the town went to church to head the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead . but suddenly Tom olen the poor and got in , so everybody was so surprised to hear him .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered it an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Ton and Huck hid and they saw that the injuries joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure to stop injury joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think Ghat gou should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryoteik " and " izakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skills with them .
Recently , many South east Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working there .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathrooms dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he let the bathroom lime , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of Teh city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good morning :
This is a complaint about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoy it and , what is more , I like doing it alone . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar team sports , and I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me or I haven wait anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on and before the operation he came with me and every dag I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and from that day I went on my own .
It is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me , but sometimes it is amusing .
I would recommend people who do not know slim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they like it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that once is a way to sell expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Since is a passing , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing , I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that they do n't understand anything .
but this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or act you are sowing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practice every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dance , or do dance classes .
You do n't tell if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's some , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I moved my family . My little sister is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I used to tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog . Its name has changed . It is a golden retailer .
It 's a lover dog . He knows how I feel .
My oldest sister 's name is Cynthia . She is really weird to me .
Our relationship is good because she is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother . His name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my son , they are good guys .
Actually , I prefer pass my tie alone . I work in another town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
Kate Ashby ,
How about you ? I hope you are well .
To work in our cafe , I have to speak English , of course . Maybe now I know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready to work long hours , because our cafe is going to open very soon .
That 's all , see you soon ,
fernwe think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappearing . After that , we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , we will be eating cast food . On the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will become crazy because of global warming , so many people will die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying on streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always point between your opinion and your friend 's .
Just trh , it wo n't help you much !
Good day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Volleyball is one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- makes me fit and healthier . Classy makes no friction between players3- it exercises all the muscles for hour . bodyregarding the above , I advise all rookies to start doing this story and they will get many benefits .
However , the adults they fan practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of a village , we totally care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish , then we bury rubbish .
whilst , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
from inorganic , we make vans , hats and other stuff .
Then they can sell them and get income from them .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of sole , the Aho , makes the earth rotate around herself and around the sun .
What we believe as muslims that we have been created by one who does n't have others with him , the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created us from his eve ) and they were in paradise and instructed to not eat the Tre but teh satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( moses , jesus , mohamed , others .. who they worship tye same ne ) with miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the paradise and who follow other path which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are hede to do the test in this short lide .
Transportation is at the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people prefer their own vehicles rather than transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles , which leads to a dark future for public transport . I agree with the given statement that there will be tough times for public transportation in the near future.because people want privacy as well as freedom which is suite impossible in public transportation .
Secondly , these love of transportation coversas such as possible in city area or town which mismanaged routes who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various sources of transportation open competition with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , as many private companies play an important role in giving tough competition to the governments . As a result , consumers get more benefits like lower prices , privacy , freedom and safe travel . In addition , many automobile companies are launching new caf with affordable price which insist people to us more and more private vehicle .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two cori dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about it , people have so many pets .
In the peak time in the pari is very busy even though the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly same as their dog .
but some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
family is an important institution of social life .
Every member has his own role and the loss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but by doaloging and listening to emotions and facts , everyone will have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits on social behaviour but also must listen to others ' points of views to ri - arrange and update their knowledge .
other or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone gives contribute to family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to use that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
a out of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series had been wanting this movie ever since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In opinion , I think it is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it is very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . The actors in the first movies were perfect , adn i think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
Thank you guys for this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las part of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise , I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax by doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to and this advantage with other sports .
Apart from that , it 's not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who starts karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today 's topic is technology .
Nowadays , we use technology in everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is so influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fee in order to join the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of friends who could log in .
He phoned me and asked me to pay him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money on the second day , he finished the registration and started writing his story after a long time writing and did a good job . He wanted to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out three ar a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chains for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has a chair for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
Another transport mode is a taxi , like coffee . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than the bus or train .
The ave or aeroplane are a good option for on trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a bus so it is more comfortable .
njkais19
5 Mauidear Sir Dimera .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patra a Biv city in Greece .
In my city , all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandalism in patra has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we sit to somebody we do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit , they see that think .
Patra is a very beautiful city because of its culture , and of its monuments .
Where is that abuser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , the police should stop the vandalism .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would do graffiti or write something or draw .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
yours faithfully ,
Jessica Stavros .
All around the pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
but when the in - between period , confused feelings cost their mind .
As a tule , after last exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
what they will do in the future , like in a fpga .
In this way , the idea of a year between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
First , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , even pupils do n't even notice it .
But choosing the second education is a very important set , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves in new professional shears .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer activity .
and thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
This year 's holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
One year is not a long time .
but the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I love San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the state of Mexico . Care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in care of this .
People collect trash from their houses and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that is in the kiosks , the church or in the principal places in the village .
Dear Sie ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the data exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cori , so it would be great if you could tell me details of the accommodation that you over on this course .
And also , please give me an idea of how much it would be most every different options .
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Lastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully .
rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to the conversations of his new neighbors .
They are planning to rob a very precious going from the museum tonight .
He did n't have much time to prove their plan and he could n't wait to last it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
Police reached the museum and caught the robbers rechanded .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains is more convent and more expenses also to decrease the carbon games which affects the ozone . People should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and the environment . Governments shall enlarge the people to use he other ways for transport , this subject shall be issues in all media to learn and engage thw people to use he wright way for transport .
Hello Estrela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdles .
I stayed about one week at my boyfriend 's .
I had a wedding .
While I as thee , I get rid of a lot of things .
One Friday , I visited Mando del Kepler .
It was beautiful .
and there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lot at the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituel .
It was spectacular .
On the wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , on the right , we had dinner in a gatare and there was a party all night .
You should visit La Hurdles . It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
and the people are very nice .
English is an international language which has become important in the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
The begin to study English at an early age .
They use at least one hour to learn English a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
English helps us read English works , but Chinese helps us learn about Chinese .
only by characters Chinese literature and send out its brilliance .
To learn a country 's culture , especially its classic culture . The first thing is learning its language .
Because we eat Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , woolypoole .
It is a small bug comfortable and famous for its bi burgers .
woolypoolz is a specialist meals . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better . with respect to meat , it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem with this restaurant is the place . It is far from the people and cities , and the space is very small for lots of people .
In life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at the general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower I have ever had .
In my town , we created a small organization to a healthy environment , beautiful and to be attractive . The citizens on their own must participate in this . . Citizens will take the responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into the correct place anf clean tree ad plant more of it .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time . You do not have a life , not peace , not joy .
In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , journalists stag all the time having a photo , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if they stay with something important .
This is terrible . We do not have privacy , although society has blame , because if they do not take a photo they follow the lives of the famous Tye people border .
So that , politicians and film sars will have to support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
Now are you .
come here .
ge down .
get in to the room .
get in to the thus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Let me see tour house .
Let me allow you to enter your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring that toy .
bring a glass of water .
drink water .
eat food .
ran fast .
stop shouting . Do n't shout .
Let us get a bath .
Once upon a time there was one little ant called Penn . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the air made run house until one day something horrible and inevitable happened .
It was a data night . It was raining until a bog active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one could find one ... they started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
Penn was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
until dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one found anything .
like they were very religious ants . They pry for their sacred ancestors so they can help them in a big deal .
something that they do now was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watched the acts all the time .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to its queen . The queen knew that she was very confused , but at the same time , she got lad and she wanted revenge .
so they made a plan to display all ...
the night , when they were about to start filming , they noticed no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , , ants and penny attack them on their backs , making them to leave the place .
The ants win the wr and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one attacks them again and they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of the things I been playing basketball the best . I always spend more time playing it .
I usually play basketball at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not for me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwound .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I am really crayby about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near the sports centre .
I went back home and fell asleep deeply when I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
with the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , agricultural land , forest and ocean have been used to destroyed to build more constructive and transport networks .
From my perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome that may lead to this phenomenon .
convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agriculture and forests in order to satisfy all their needs , which will history the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
According to the problems mentioned , various approaches should be adopted to deal with this problem ; reducing building constructive from now on , planting lore trees instead .
Sustainable development should be assessed by all humans and start to protect the environment and preserve animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before things get worse and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , and more English .
This is not my first time studying English .
I have been studying English since I was a child but I have never spoken and learnt so well since I decided to go to London to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity I said us .
The car is n't the best way of travelling transport , because it produces pollution . However , public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in the cities , there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , subway , trams . These options are are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by a person . When the car is prepared for to carry for or five people .
This situation creates pollution for the environment , so we have more conscience for the planet . . I want to say something but learning the English language is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or teachers , is like the Spanish language , my native language .
that I want to sag , it is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the verb 's in the Spanish language . Just imagine the same but not in your native language .
The second reason , in English syntax , the structure of the construction of paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won their first world cup and that changed the direction of in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this game because it my favourite sport .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ganesh Tendulkar , known as Little Master .
Whenever I play this song , I always follow this person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me , but also every Indian always follows Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He is the first player to played 200 tests .
He has many achievements , like first 200 in one dy etc .
I love the way he played .
For a nuance , first they have to decide that they can do better , batting or bowling .
If a person wants to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , for batsmen , heed concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and but coordination , discover some shots which become key factors in batting .
also watched videos of some bad players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don Bradman , Hayden , Wasim Akram , Brett Lee etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , we also need to improve our health and stamina .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope you will have a good time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you van buy in here .
If you want to travel to the city , I can be your guide as I have a yea free before university .
This is a modern city .
People usually went higher for showing or eating .
There are many local foods which are very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can have fun together .
When you have played enough in this city , then you want to find a job here .
I van recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you have too of time here .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because Sri is really tun .
Also , I think swimming can keep our bodies fit and it makes the people who swim feel cool when it is on a hot day .
the advice that I give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not being afraid of others , otherwise they may not learn to swim and and when they become older it will be more difficult to learn than little .
So this is the advice that I have for them .
dear cam director ,
My name is Eidhr and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
and I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
Neither do I have problems with working in a kitchen . It would be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
Because of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as basketball , volleyball , ...
waiting for your answer . Widerthe Cit , where I live , is a small village .
All residents make great cars for the environment .
organized shares , where everyone cleans up the village .
American residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
helping to protect our environment to make it clean , she says , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
There are sports places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all the garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , all on the roof of the primary school were set batteries and the whole school used solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize a monthly meeting on the environment . Residents participate in it .
The residents of my village try to , so that it is clear that they pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transport . There are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus always drops by to get a passenger who takes more time than expected to travel .
Secondly , the public transport routes are farther than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and has no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting trip than to see more action .
like looking outside or around , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan , which you consider a fast and safe public vehicle .
To sum it up , I still consider having your own car safer and more convenient .
public future unless they have project to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I disagree with the decision about mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extracting the minerals will be harmful to the environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it would probably disappear if developed equipment were set .
Next to go will be the extraction of the valuable minerals , which will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an example that another town is polluted by the process of developing the minerals .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
past but not the least , mineral extraction will turn out to be a profound influence , especially , on our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became an arid place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extracting the valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the loss of po .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
The longer we barry our heads in the sand , the worse the earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it still happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so north .
Using is more simple - you just buy tickets .
nd what about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not a streams of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
brandon mackieparliament housecamera on 25089
the 26th of March 2015chief executive officerscarlos Alberto marker zaragozadear carlosyour order 6 air conditioning is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this mistake . We had a confusion about the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it . We will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We whole you keep preferring us .
yours faithfully .
Brandon mackiemy name is Chew .
I 'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me the time when parents are busy with their work .
During school , I liked to play volleyball and I 'm excellent at it .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with other schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy doing the dirty and laundry in the kitchen .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply for the summer camp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
They have many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is well known that many curators and artists believe that contemporary artistic is n't a food source source source of art , since there are many artists that only create baser on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but just of the times this is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive art is still old , like Picasso or freud .
Nowadays , pots of empty art pieces are being sold at actions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
experimental arf have taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would not be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this advantage , we now have an idea of what artists create .
The sports days were held at Kai chung sports ground on 12th and 13 th November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by Mr .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I joined the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day begins , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girls 's grade c 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name is the same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and they fund passed my face .
That freedom was very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already tried my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced the marks the four houses have got .
my house which for number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to get the championship .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inter - class rely race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the racs .
I implicated my class from inning the champion .
Finally , my house for the second runner up .
I hope my house will be the championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use public transport because at present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best that all people go to a place to walk and run . On the other hand , it is healthier .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car . Obviously , it is after that , a bus and cheaper , not less .
I think it is due that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of the country , but of the world alone .
Whether tourism has a positive or a negative impact on our lives , remains quite a dilemma for infants .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongside with its development , the albite of travelling has earned to such a scape that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . townpeople become more careful about their historical sites . This means preserving tyhem;tansport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
at a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people can now travel in almost every possible way : on land , at sea or by air .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda who was 25 years old . The headers killed her parents , because the headers were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , 27 years old . His daughter died because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
Her mom died because some things or someone drag her by the leg and dropped her in a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he did never knew what happened , so he wanted to all the parts to see them . Even though he walked and walked in reverse , he never found them .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
The first one is named Amanda Junior , like her mom , but she is a cheetah . She is 9 years old . She loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter is named Elizabeth . Leonard , is the most intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
I am 12 years old .
other animals give them regards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Aja , who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
She started sleeping in her bed and doing nothing all day .
His parents were angry because she was the only one that needed work .
One of the animals went with Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something else than stay sleep .
the end .
Hello friends ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you . When I was on the bus returning home , I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with a shower but without a bath , and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is really cold weather !
Write me soonalrssia
Hello Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you low goth .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up your music classes .
You have had classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you can still play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it , please send me a letter elling me about it .
love , tens .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and I think ill would compliment the summer camp very well , because of my good manner and I am very open to the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and ill and do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then they can pick them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June last year .
I had an exam .
Maybe I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revise paths as at home , before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
When I started to read the tracks I felt agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that est .
But when I finished before time , I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed the test and I was sure of that .
and this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your size .
I would like to go to an ew artist polls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already paid for the tickets .
My favorite sportswhen I was three years old . My parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning , I went to the childgarden and they taught me ski .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the day , my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his knees , because I could drive without calling and it was fun .
When I was older , I could get better . My dream was:"snowboarding " , but I should learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I went for my first time snowboarding and I loved it .
I took every free minute to ride snowboarding .
This is the story : I went snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
You are like a bird .
It is the greatest feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like winter more than summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Although you ard all the time in nature and when you have luck , you can sew animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tol felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way way home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started talking very fast and was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black soy .
a dark sky without stars .
I got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she would n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She fallen asleep again , does n't she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , would she n't remember anything after that ?
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get hom and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she has been to this spot a lot of times , especially in the last few weeks .
The development of human beings in technology is everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty - first century we have various options , like plans that can fly in the cloud , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and not that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough that we have all these options .
However , if I had been given the option to choose between all of three , I would be place .
There are three reasons to choose this .
The first reason is its speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time .
Second is safety , because the chances of accidents are less .
That lake makes it safer to travel by plane rather than by train or boat .
The third one is comfort level .
plan is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level . That makes plan my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , even for money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who entered high school .
Young people want to discover the world and travel to reach places which can be reachable . . I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
Each is located in a guard and its name is o miho .
There are a lot of people at the beach .
The eater was very cold and I could n't slim , so I played football on the sand of the beach .
I took the sub for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? Is this claim or not ?
Will we be on our road public transport in 5 or 10 years ? That is a really interesting question .
I think that it all needs development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
years , I think , if you travel for a long time and for a long time , you would prefer to do it in a car . First , you will spend less time , travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have an opportunity to stop everywhere and for a ling time , as you need .
But if we are talking about travelling across our city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that this is a question for everyone , and the answer ca n't be one for all , because someone can use public transport , and the economy by this , not only for money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause the spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't lie to travell with another people .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport will be crossing our streets with enough passaangers
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for the email .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 year old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to gtm and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep the environment non - polluted and valid lice .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increase the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guide the people and giving them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food from any restaurant . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me and my favorite appetizer is usage and in order that desert i 'd rather " badge " cake with chocolate sauce i feel ibm at ease when i go there i enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service it 's very good and all staff are respectable i ca n't imagine noe week without going there that drives me nuts i advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really it 's excellent this strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the least difficult sports in the world . You should lut your body in the correct for to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I been twelve years practicing volleyball and because of it , I am one of a lot of people who helped me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing , I am in another world , in which I can be free and happy . . Apart from this , when I am bad , it is a distraction from university .
You should try practicing it so fun , but I advise you , it is hot easy at first , but you ace to intent many times like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to work , which starts at 9 am .
I often go to sleep around 12 am .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do n't play any .
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself .
Michael woke up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
The notice was about a competition .
The competition is about writing stories .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make a story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good , but Michael did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he wanted to the poor office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't post his name and address .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are comedies .
Also , there are a lots of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn things about the latest .
comedies are so funny , so when you are sad , you watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts talked about the question and there were several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and for this season , people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted by the timetables and you only use the transport at the moment that the timetable lets you .
Because of this , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves when they need to .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determinate the use of cars rather than public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
The new skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
She does ghat every day after school .
Of course , she also has a little brother .
His skin is colored , just like father .
War Paul !
I haven't written to you in age but I was very busy because of the exams at university .
What about what 's new in Brazilian you know ? My friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like a staff .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free c.i.p tickets , so I met my girlfriend and we went there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloakroom to get signatures from the musicians .
I felt like a star!crowdedx of people were waiting in front of the clpakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked Inuit , it was a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you give cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
I hope to see how tomorrow 's advertising is .
There are adds in TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
Not people think that there are too many adds on television , but , is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people storing so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
The TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the message on their way .
In addition , behind one addition there are a log of things : one industry .
In addition , there is , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I making this choice ? It clearly can aak . I want sun and good weather .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sea because you will be by the xun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and sunbathe with my friends rather than make friends while playing volleyball or rum in the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the awareness of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colours of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous .
dea usa summer camps ,
I saw our advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminders you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
I 've just got my fc certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practiced my English in my native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and , above all , patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , Plus it would be a nice experience because i would meet new people and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Gou soon .
yours faithfully ,
teresa wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he had trained for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had made many achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and set up a party .
Tom wanted Mle , his girlfriend , to come to him .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
but he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with Jer at that party .
He waited waited 2 hours cor ger .
He hated that she was always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When they came , she looked gorgeous .
and when he saw hr , his heart started to beat faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got close to her and told her everything .
Mel looked sadly at him , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and went out of the house .
He followed and apologized to her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and listed her forehead .
He wanted to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't leave her carrying his baby !
No ! he has never acted like this .
He knew what he had to say with her for the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and started to take care of Mel .
One day Mrl was feeling really bad , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was about to happen .
and he was right .
Mel has lost her baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Mel and it made him much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was his fault that they had lost their little human .
Gliding in the waveseven If I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practise is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without wright , able to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the bug part of the pleasure of enjoying the wager , both in the WEA or in tools .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
The next report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in castelldefeos .
activities to kill time Our town is well - known for our magnificus beached along the Mediterranean coast and for the olympic canal of Castelldefels . Many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the bash or canoeing and aquatic skiing on the olympic canal .
These activities are very popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
voters ideas to have fundin castelldefels . There are other activities less popular , but cheaper . For instance : are Zuma masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities , there are library groups , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the olympic canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·reocmmendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the latest .
If you tried all these activities , you would have a great time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I am glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You will come to the Keys airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bh because it is more economical than a taxi .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
When you get out of the car , you should ask someone about Spring Street .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover , I will you a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning a tour .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and go to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
gest regards ,
marydear Sergio García a ,
My have is Guillermo Zedillo Torres .
I am engineer of election in mine , entitled to the " institute professional virginia gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of chief of operations at the underground project Chiquicamata .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new technologies this great project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through hard work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is very outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " mineral el Trieste " as shift manager , chief of operations at " mineral Angina " and at the evaluation department of Codelco projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further , I remain yours .
Guillermo Zedillo tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning foreign languages . Fir me , it is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , ard mode benefits . For example , if you want to trade to another country , it is very useful in a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer . That means that there are possibilities to make contact with other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the potential of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
a letter of complaintsjulio amarillomontano avenue n2pos code 1027 cáceres
August , 23rd 2014dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 1212 .
One month ago I ordered two batteries , model 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have a mobile phone I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
The delivery error had been made by you , so this time , it should be a free delivery .
If I do not bear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
yours faithfully ,
Julio amarillothe of this report is to evaluate both bsd effects and gold effects from the users'opinions in the active leisure club the last time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a broad range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the uses in the peak hours and the guides are everywhere and ready to give help .
However , one thing that we dislikedwith the purpose is to attract more people to join the club . Besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid holding the activities to avoid the problemsgiven is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
design of the bank notes is the first and indispensable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
Then , a skilled machinist would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third section is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink also the image will be slightly raises .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , which is inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets are still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispactihg and distribute the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bax , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distorted .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Though it seems to be easy to make them , every step requires people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
a Another place to Beginning began a few years ago , when Alfred , the major , wrote an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to find how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
concerned People youngsters use their time trying to get concern the oldest people from the village about the importance of the city of our surroundings . Middle - aged people plant many trees around the village and clean the floor of public places , making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
easy recyclinglocal authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred has this great area , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created with others to promote the care of our planet . Breen planet is called .
We want a happy earth .
Hello Lie Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " new cloud generation " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work standard .
We also value that they have specialised studies in cloud technology , and hosting management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do three meetings this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of the new cloud generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than I told you before in the e - mail .
Please , provide me with the information as soon as possible .
íñigo ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dem and I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the newest record . i did n't have many duties nad none of them were unpleasant .
In general , I was only on duty checking quest list . Above that , I had to help with cleaning up after the concert .
but that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
love ,
dominicanreport :
The purpose of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course , which will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand by the outstanding classmates were in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject in English .
Second , the teachers were really good at teaching .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This may we make the most of ourselves and never give up on improving our English level .
Third , phonetic classes scheduled on fridays come really in handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's teacher .
This way , we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up , the report must say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
yours faithfully ,
Juan Orozcoi is keen on cinema , thus I love to watch all types of films .
But , what films are in my top 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of the top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the lot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will more you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed el - sharon .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - saif university .
My father works as a teacher and so do my others .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of world health organization ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I will work hard to make this team come true .
For the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our lives , so I chose this program as I want to learn and study . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything , I feel that I have a goal in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for those with incurable , like cancer , aids and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
and what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you sew your world and realize it well , it will be deserved by everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do anything at anytime . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for expedience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as i home to come back and teach others what i learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of Jo as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I made myself quite patient and fun that , in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or stay alone . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately one cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport will be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today realize that in cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most private transport is not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own private small helicopter .
but it is n't going to happen .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even cars .
States and local authorities will have to tackle this problem and provide the public with a better alternative . The price of independent transport will brow dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher ; while the teacher asks for the answer , students do not answer because they totally can not remember what they had studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because after a long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because long vacation will allow students to have fun instead of studying , wnd partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could get a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
more reasons and details will be shed on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history class , the history teacher has to repeat teaching the history of North America before he starts to teach the history of America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wasting gime and not efficient .
Next to go would be students get used to relaxing by having no studying and homework during the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long busy time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all my problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play bad , I feel nervous , but my partners give me their unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do this , there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport , you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to doing whatever sports .
Soccer is not a violent field but sometimes it becomes .
In this way , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise you to enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara falls .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York City .
In Tye Fy I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours where I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a bug bug .
We went to Long island because there he lives .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In my new job I eat so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle has the awesome advantage of going to Niagara Falle .
We rode in a car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls city , which looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do , but there were the falls .
I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take too many photos because you do n't visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and Oto . We are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she does not ses me frequently and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places such as Niagara falls in Time Square , received a lot of presents and socially delicious food .
Most attending students ' universities are out of the city where they used to attend , so , they need accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have less income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independentlysharing houses or rooms have many advantages , such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learning how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be lore obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less tha four times than hiring an apartment , ad because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costsin spite all these benefits , i prefer if i can - to give in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country . These days where I worst during my life . He was dirty , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budget of eating . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that i choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will nog achieves when living in shared rooms .
They are annoying though the federal government , which has decided the role of the USA , has many benefits . According to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of federalism , which has historical liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their nerds , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals where some states admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even if the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the Jain decisions .
This case caused some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of the federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why both states and the federal blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some areas . In conclusion , the federal government , which gives freedom and powerful , causes many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give this important advice ; first try to get alone with a travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead of critic about spicy savoy .
People say that on every voyage , people suffer different moments on the trip : arriving , being away from the frustration of an unknown place , being alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arriving home triumphal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler find a way to stay alone with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other cities .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion , you could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interests , such as museums or malls .
other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is to enjoy the Mexican field .
Mexican food is a lot of different dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food and also , most of the time , could get angry with the excess of pepper that the medical people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I would suggest you to aak tor sauces with lower pepper .
In this way , visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offer two important advice for visitors that are coming to my country : try to get alone with their companion in order to have fish and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the internet was invented and revealed for the first time on August 29th 1969 , social media sites ( sms ) are the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
sms such as Facebook send out 70.00 messages , and 70.000 tweets are publicized on twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use facebook , twitter or sms in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will force on the benefits and disadvantages of facebook and twitter , and also comment on the potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and here their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , facebook provides the opportunity to remain in tour with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( oldmeadow , quinn , & power , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on facebook is interacting with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their same interests by using social networks .
( emerald group publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see the daily activities which are posted by them .
However , ude to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
However , information which appears on Facebook or twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small numbers of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can past any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of the Hunger game was released , a fans posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by back person ( rauch and schatz , 2013 ) .
because of the accessible information through sms , it has led to many problems involving cycle - bullying , cycle - adhering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( krishna , as cited in williams & metten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing of a woman by a man called Mr .
x " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
56.1 - 76.2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and twitter , and ems in general , might replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel lore freedom or enjoy using Facebook or twitter without having to view each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than having to call them .
The possible outcomes might be the more time people spend on sms , the more communication skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be sen by adding more privacy options .
However , despite the benefits of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social knowledge by avoiding using them most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using facebook and twitter is that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing what they spend .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
photography classes foe everyoneintroductionteenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , instagram , pinterest , etc .
photographs are included in all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject , practice is considered an activity that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
These reasonsrecent studies show that in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially of the younger generations and kids ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
It is a wonderful day ! It is April and finally spring has come .
A bright light is shining . The snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They sing funny and build their nests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clock forward one to March .
The Summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clock back an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a life stylealthough all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
Do you think that your style will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those requirements ?
Then you know hockey is the answer .
hokey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's ot always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this field and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Which would I recommend to you ?
It would definitely help you to learn how and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seeing it with other eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the transport medium of environmental carr .
In spite of some people making enough money to own their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) , so , people choose these ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
The environment is gaining strength every day , from kids to ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the co2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for social needs .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could travel , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down the fees for public transportation . That would make people use public transportation and care about the environment from co2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Collado city council , people are well informed about taking care of the environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far away as two hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river parama side .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners must be to blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emir less pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
or the planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
a problem which is caused by us , human beings , with their goal of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is a good quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth it .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to run of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that these kinds of things have a second life .
As soon as the last river ends , the southern border of Egypt .
The Nie river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
Also , over the time , the nile was the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' black land ' to mark it of the ted soil of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep and Wife valley of the nile has become the most important transport route for Egypt .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
They know when it would be the ' green lie ' or ' red nike ' to stock up with clean water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the loss of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developing , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems at that high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Diogo , in Milano .
but the cuomo is not the most important thing .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's a colosseum .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
It is quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists who cole every year .
It was built in 79 a.c. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans who were killed without pot .
Moreover , navy wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It is ruined through age , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , all people are aware of it .
It 's or strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this fast - moving world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling far is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
First to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport takes a long , long time and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford to travel through travel as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and it is convenient and sophisticated and can travel faster .
To sum up , it is n't appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denying that this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
They occupy many seats , including priority seats .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , they just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have old them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing support for the elderly is also a problem .
Priority seats are preserved for those who need them , not only the elderly but also two adults .
Somehow , not all of them can identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely because of their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats .
Moreover , some old people would take this consideration action for granted and they would even command young adults or students to offer their seats without manners !
In my opinion , transportation in the city is nothing to criticize .
Everyone should develop an awareness of public manners .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and movies have many benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can be used as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subject or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
NWS , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce youth to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
cultural programming can one up the world of music and art for young people .
Buying television also has negative effects : first off , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization than other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and sale of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and in small - businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advising until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the him of customer satisfy also work with large and small teams in back - offices , manage many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , portability and investments goo .
I worked for several years in the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing not - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
not - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural society .
I 'm careful to keep the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years . Now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patient odi dive . Nowadays , we all hope that public transport can save jobs .
When we zee all the cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to live in our cars and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
but , probably , this situation is only period of the development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in those sphere .
For instance , Google reported about googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart people .
If they can contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
so people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of googlemobile .
Some people think it might take away their independence .
but other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike driving anyway .
and people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact on the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to trade to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your trip easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
from newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greece .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
Various factories admit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the earth hotter and hotter .
The higher the temperature , the worse the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on good living places , we would have a dark and hopeless future .
Thanks to climate change , the weather is so bad that people could even have a water shortage .
losing enough water supply , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fighting , hatred and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Friends , from now , let us be members to protect and take care of our earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceived , that their trust was broken , needs will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is the key to surviving .
It is just something that I had to do , no ou , not her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
year Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the university .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , with the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do ont hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from everyone faithfully ,
Sebastián hernándezin our modern world , many people suffer from stress that comes from life conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in the holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit of people .
In the holidays , people can away from daily problems and also take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about situations in their lives .
For example , walking along the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can review their decisions on holidays in a more accurate and helpful way .
For instance , in stressful conditions , people can make decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete their masks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they have never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can play cor god and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects , they can become mire happy . because people been to leave the material world .
In the holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to more away modern life that is full of material subjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities , such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a means of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowers co2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues , such as the increase in danger on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
getting wet when it rains , having to make an effort to cycle in a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking in hot weather .
In my opinion , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking cad do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
and this undesirable time might not be so short during holidays , due to a less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where public transport perhaps is not able to reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially for a long distance .
Even though the car could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhaust emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between far exhaust and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saving lives .
Second , public transport saves coty spaces .
as more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays cities have become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person has become more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become parking places and everyone would spend more time converging .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a sense of spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
e.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit them .
languages for the futureshould learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that may one day change and people need to develop their skills and overcome it .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has become something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
I think that it ends up being hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
Ryan Francisco Xavier n3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 14dear USA summer camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as a baby - sitter and I take care of my 11 - year old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already prepared a lot of activities , like " rapper " , pinball ...
For these reasons , I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for the job . Yesterday , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We eat delicious food and play interesting games .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as Almost and Biv Big World .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Minnie loves saying very much , so I can easily find food at her home .
We had mouth watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we played hide - and - week altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winn looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately came to her and helped her up . '
My knee is bleeding .
are you okay , ask .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'hes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's sound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
shy ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , use in the future will be better .
The house of the future will be big and bright .
Inside will be full of conveniences .
big spaces will be divided into a few zones .
relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen zone and so on .
In houses of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
television will be cordless , as is the current internet .
The house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can be expanded or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sort of thing .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an olympic sport . It is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you ca also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at an age , but children can start to pearn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimming using different types ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for automatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Ankara in October .
I had a great time with people who were working as helpers for the concert .
I get a lot of experience from them .
At the concert time , everyone can enjoy it , but nobody thinks about how they are preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's job , but at the same time , they are just concerned with their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
In the convert morning we were excited and thinking about the concern and we decided not not think about the convert . just do the job which would be given .
When we were arranging the concert plans we made work sharing for both of us .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checked songs ' volume and lights .
My job was checking the songs list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
They always wanted to change some songs which were on the list .
At the concert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody was worried because they gave time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird which was flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my kegs because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to the next concert , which will be next month . If you have have time , please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
from black - and - white adds posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
from buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive gas stop signs .
Two recent developments in nobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
'' sure that in the very near future , if I look for restaurants in mallory on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work , the adds on the buses I will see - which , of course , will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of mallorcas , or an add from tripadvisor with majorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , it can even be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
the way , it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
advertisement light is considered an arf , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
But , technology is for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bi - detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
so that I could live myself freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in the modern style .
I would build their fitness gym , wardrobe room , swimming tools .
If I had such a house , I would like to set a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the proverb goes : if you want to learn something well , you need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn very basic skills step by step .
since tennis requires logs of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
Finally , finding a good job is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
that was only 30 years ago .
an explosion of channels arrived at our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels is gradually decreasing in our country one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
also tried to bet several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficit budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
Less channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing , costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who is watching this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
You just click on it .
They have to reduce their budgetdespite of changing channels , we see the same news .
big broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameras all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
summarytv is dying .
It is hard to compete with the internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest in joining your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to manu countries I have made until now , I would think that I have some experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For two years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds of saying or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join our group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was food to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places in our country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
Gut I anna find a job to help him with the bills .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a clean place to rent .
It would be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best faithfully Mateshi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get outside of the airport terminal .
There you will see a bus station in the street .
When you get there , take the bus which is number 111 .
The ride to the bus stop , " zličín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tel you where we will meet exactly .
But if I were you I would make an ai . The underground is quite bring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant as it is usually at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
In my opinion , we should go to a restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
First , we can discuss the food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a light fast foo while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall . more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and i think that we must voet this , because we will have a goof night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I would like to go to foster Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
you can it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say what they are because you have to taste them .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can east whatever you want of American goods and you will have the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another mal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most countries of the world .
Travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . people can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
as they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above , because in the future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the fish and the poor .
middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone aeg .
Public transport is even better for our environment than cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps to become an educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why , while you are reading , you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different views of where the action takes place .
ad Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading it anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way for you is movies .
because you can watch it with your friends .
Most people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important to me .
I suppose these books are better than the film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum .
the wax just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a who .
He had blond hair and he was wearing a blue dress , white loves and black shoes .
Just like her ... " 'mum I love this doll!cohld how is it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny her , so she bought it .
oh!the Hill had so many special moments with her doll!!they looked so adorable , they were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
so she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night I heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and she was a doll with a knife in her head . Why are you n't playing with me anymore?are you bored of me?just just because I only have only one eye?but you removed the other one .
just because I do n't have one if my gloves?bvut they did it ? screamed .
and then ...
The next day , going to her home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , I went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her back and on the wall there was a question Did you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
just have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket with some balls and a person to play with .
Although you are good at playing backhand or forehand , you lose finally .
This sport is just about physical power .
You need to use your brain as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
as the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is un , it develops their skills , hell their physical health and so on .
You start starting if you have grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
enjoy !
Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Cocci . I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend job in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us , food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for waiters and cooking , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties in my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
am also good at dealing with people . In fact , since I was younger , I have been working as an animator at the summer vamp in Alpignano , the place where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for male theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . Shen I worked with my aunt in nis safe . I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it all deal .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea cocciessayin today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of view about your own learning process .
Talking to English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be sure to achieve your goal at all , so it will be a real nightmare if you do not focus on our learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution , which is using the internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some chat rooms online , such as Skip and others .
football . When I was little I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not either of those . It is a sport that I have never imagined : football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to integrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now , some women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to respond to some punches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " the English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is ig , so all whole classes could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and there are some great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant . and is always tasty and fresh .
There are a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
There is a variety of icd creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we ca get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
During the whole lofe , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , and the media are accompanying them .
In my view , the public deserve to have their own lide , without being photographed .
On one hand , becoming a public person associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought of be jealous .
notice any kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have defective influence on society which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities are counted in tabloid scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , living famous people do n't bring the limelight to their lives .
It was very useful a long time ago , but nowadays , there are some people who ask if public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
His cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contaminated than before because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the last season is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the icty .
Besides , in some cities , cars can no be parked in some places , such as the old cities and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I have gotten used to walking around my city and my far is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with the latest configurations , becomes outdated within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology have taken great leaps . The internet and mobiles have made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at our finger - tips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in new places . Google maps are always there to help .
We are able to pronounce English words today , as we ca quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platform .
Today , life has become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand , a number of terrorism , global warming and greed have become top challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
terrorist activities causing havoc in public life .
corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives of people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . On the right hand , it would be a boon for us . On the wrong hand , it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's soon said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have very great memories of their experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in this mail .
Best regards .
Personally , movie phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same about my parents ; they are tired and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that they think they help children 's training to develop , but it is important for them because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the internet at my work for research or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and changing information .
Finally , I think technological development makes us improve the future .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
in the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in learning , but no doubt it is easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make friends .
The more people you will meet , the harder it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find and spend time with these , are views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say , but they should share your views about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business and money , sports , culture , education , life and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinions freely .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantaged .
For example , it is suitable for children due to the official language . There were also a huge number of commercial advertisements which male the readers bred .
Overall , Tye Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the work .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead . In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful for our life . It seems to me good opportunities to make one 's life easier .
It also makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . A pupil can not say that he read a book because he has all his books on his tablet computerssome people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , , I like books . When I am at home I use books because I like to small and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use it but we must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I said to May that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lies together . Big Mistakethis day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to wall away and avoid this conversation with her .
He trier to understand what was going on with him .
It was wonder how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
One part of him was really happy , because being a father was his biggest dream , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate their good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
all that he felt wax anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , and she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just going wrong at that moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was too wrong in this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have is with her .
And now , he just avoids jer and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was better than happy and he could n't handle the news .
They both knew that they loved each other and they cared about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
From the beginning , I am going to talk about my favorite sport and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the time , but if I really need to do some exercises , I like to go to Sri in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming pool is hearing .
Such as after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like big sun and said .
Third , swimming in the ocean is the most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pol during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any sports that we should do some exercise . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it , we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose the kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we ca not stay at home or working all the time .
Even you really do not like to do exercise when you go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caleres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pius for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of rational use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action to create green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it is been working on the recovery of some areas which are not parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of the waste system with the active cooperation of most of its citizenship who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
In fact , around 90 of caleres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out into the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
and that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will receive a bonus point bought anyways that is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the house , just me .
I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the street .
I did n't know that a bomb hit the city and killed almost everyone . I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor place and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish what the explosion is .
Finally , some days I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gun to try to enforce these laws .
The next morning , I saw a piece of streak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around ill and eating us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy gas a jump .
I stomped his and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came ear ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others but it was too late . it was the group or us .
We saw that beast eating friends and food .
In some ways , that se robbed us of food in the night and I woke up it was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
Going exercise is good for your health Do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75 of the people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for society and is problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise , you feel yourself and your body .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Now , nowadays there 's a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice a short , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or do crossfit or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where you make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's easy to control the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
I recommend you to do any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about public transport which is disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of the Scottish government ( publication " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old boy explained « - I refer to going in the cae , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
need , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - on my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owing a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 year old Bly .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
In Saigon times , there were a lot of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Mapan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have been decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
from this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
topic :
Do you agree or disagree " always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or the employer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at the moment .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes fits the occasion .
People usually tend to tell her the truth since it could make them feelings .
Instead of doing so , people praise her with other things about her .
In her case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private , since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just get acquainted with .
If there are questions about things one does not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If I had a day to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people ask details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Because of this , we were called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to set up the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
The door eas n't break into pieces or gell down .
My curiosity had put me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like what I hoped .
I ended up getting expellee from the school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I stole our classmate - Sally 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointing at us firmly and without giving any chance for us to sea out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped off tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one day later , the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
dear USA summer camps ,
My name is Bianca Provesi , and I have read your advertisement for the gym .
I think I 'm the right person for this job because , first , I speak fluent and clear English , which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my niece and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking but because I never have time to dedicate tile to that .
I think that if I watch and learn now to do it , I would learn very fast and dominate it .
That is a good quality of mine . I learn things very fast and I can also get used to things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
biancaday number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter we built and wrote on the wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there was someone who needed supplies he would find some applies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and going in the forest . There was a lot of less on our way . There were various guys that were sick . We could n't do anything except to keep going . I was looking at my little group to diminish some of us were # allergic to some plant , i was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary gu that helps everyone that was in my # skeptics and I was really positive about it , but notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about is it help the entire world or must save a group the decision sas in my has it was # conventional to help the entire world but i do n't many to die . while i was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in thw group one of those guys we wanted to find and live not dead his fac was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or , at last , tell us what had happened to everyone . The battle against hunger started . Everyone was hungry and we had eaten everything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom . There we could get a meat and take a slower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy . There were no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night . I needed some rest and was sent to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as a result that turn is the town of fiat , two well - known factors .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco show new to you .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the gown , there are some gig supermarkets , which sell many items from the main great factories of Europe and above .
like all whole industrialised countries , a connection to the internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
Finally , taxis are present and they coger all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English ne .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry , deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
In my mid there should be a board between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and take some private .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of a celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take it into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like a normal person , not famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such normal people as everyone of us only with lore money in their bank accountsso , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life an the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
The May Runneri recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world - known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a title .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film stars by putting yourself in the flash of the main character , who is a 16-year - ol boy who finds himself imprisoned in a case and being transported to what seems to be a camo .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menace of the made .
He works the rolle of a runner , the person responsible for exploring the road and looking for an exit from this place .
Still , they only have daylight time to explore the maize , as when the sun goes on it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that tall or small . Anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick and if you pink you probably miss something . Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of their bal in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , ans se te energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pas and set better , and serve in different ways .
I live in a new world .
My area is very clean and very green .
The people there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to like .
One tile per week on Wednesday , rubbish is taken .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
It is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
Everyone cares about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the garden .
In particular , spring is a like of colours and pleasant odors .
New cities have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy places .
Green rime in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagnj , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slope , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two tools , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend Moreno and others , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked climbing . It was very tasty .
Almost all the ingredients are clear , fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal is a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other diners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our society since ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
imagination has a link with the illegality of this activity .
Also , this illegality is the cause for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addition that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
but we have to be responsible and make very clear that it is only something exceptional and not daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to set deadlines for themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or bad .
Hi shoot ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm glad to be able to see you after a long time .
Luckily , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can meet me at school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street when turn right beside the farce of Lau University . After getting down from the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
so excited about seeing you !
Bye for now .
noun .
der les ,
Firstly , spain is a great lace for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see la Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Saudi , or la anambra in Granada , which is one of the seven wonders of the world .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina sofia or el Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos national park in Calabria , which is like a little safari , or Donna national park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spaun , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
adrian .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is four years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and he has gotspiky hair .
Bart always wears a red t - shift and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
His parents and his school principal often punish him .
Beat is an energetic and clever student , but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he actually has a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is more fun than Homer , although MIST magazines say that Homer is the best character was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go kut anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't be out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
Who on earth could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pat me a visit during the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the nan on my threshold helped : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was surprised . To be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although I had n't met him a single time , this letter was is past will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
exaltation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " what will I do with this amount of money ? "
wel , the task I have chosen is about the own where I have been staying for the last term .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very worried about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
so called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
All the households near the public roads throw away dirty things easily and do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
I see all these during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
People are not self - centred and very narrow minded .
though they are becoming so called educated , in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Ms. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
I worked a year in London as a waiver in Hard Ock cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Marconi 's caf in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , costume care and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of good : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , and am also very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint sheet !
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
lease , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
yours faithfully ,
María luisa castaneda del acutenowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decade , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than pay for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to their services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the use of people use it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's just to your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffer because of the rain or the show .
But if you are sleepy , fired , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , you can find it easier to take public transport .
and also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the cad faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the said level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
speed trains are always faster than cars .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cras are really so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there was prose and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car or van is more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
informal letter fir cae ( part 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such an activity was on the 2nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Apply you will get the chance to practice your English skills .
In my case , I and to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
though if you are looking for additional work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you have decided what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For no one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Maxima . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump any just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
and he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
So yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Milk ca n't really say why they need to have sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for ont having balls to tet the girl he led because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
and that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment , he did n't realise that .
only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the for and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councillor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment , I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing his job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a counselor it is very hand .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councillor .
I am also an accomplished sportswomen - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworski , who is my boss at the scout camo .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this job in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully ,
Finally , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it . I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , which are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their jobs , so I hope to be like them one day .
The biggest problem in my class is the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to enter this school even if I know that it 's very difficult . The Imperial College of London is one of thw lost important universities in the whole world .
uperquitour : a great experience to your south .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from his school , Vicente .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' the pueruqitour ' was born .
These a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day started on an important date … taco may !
tfacontento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed anambra al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by folded beer .
Due Puerquitour is something to share . The second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
again we had tacos , but this time they were social .
The name of the place is tacos la choke and tacos are gourmet there .
It means that they have different types of tortillas : vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nova , abd walnut , among others , ane salsa tamarind , uva , mango , guacamole , etc .
that We did not finish with the tacos . After a walk in reform and a long pause in the Independence Angel , we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The third day was one of my favourite . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the witnesses makes you feel in the 50s .
La Papa guava , which is located in la conesa , offers baked potatoes with names of famous women and lovely rinks .
totally recommended !
Mar Paul restaurant , in the north of Mexico city , was the place for the fourth day of puerquitour .
The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are dreaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp al pastor and coconut later .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … el amadeo hidalgeunse .
You have to be starving to eat a nolcajete by yourself , it is just too much for the person , so if you do not eat breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a cup of beer .
most a week in Puerquitour .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get the master 's degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I will go to the uk .
because we lime the food , we celebrated by eating in Memela pub .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memela . That is kike headache but bigger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
ice cream in Tepoznieves .
because vic was almost felt in the USA , we spent all day together .
The seventh day started with a really nine breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose metal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to have dinner at hilaria gastrfobar of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at el huequito , the traditional al pastor special accompanied by black beer .
The last day of the puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing but everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I live with .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy puerquitour ! ! !
Their first two chapters , extracted from great expectations by Charles Dickens , introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats pp and his own husband .
Sadly , ppi has no fortune in any possible world .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , pp seems to be a handsome and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a man who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live if there , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the real protagonist and the way he tells his actions is the reason why the story connects with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is or the protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
But the author does n't try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator does not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , referring to his own words .
This exception can be heard at the entrance of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the battery .
Apart from that , he just writes exactly what the characters say .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not nave any omniscient poser .
However , his power could be analyze and describe situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stint , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapter , when he describes the man who stole in as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw im hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Moe .
The narrator does make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she is worried more about what her neighbors think about the news rather than worrying about the person who lives in their own house .
The narrator described her as a woman who had earned a good reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
and we know that Jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a wild , good - nature , sweet - tempered , - going and foolish , but that is all we know about him .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the words the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than words sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with shirts and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Ms. Joe Larger , was more than twenty years older than me , and she established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that gime to find for myself what the expression was , and knowing she had a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that joe larger and I were both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
" No look her , " he said , " the question being whether you 're going to be let to give . you know what a file is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" and you know what vittles is ? "
" Yeah , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , with a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The Mrs pointed out in the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " who dye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
notwithstanding , this movie is narrated by the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals not so much about the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do n't know how the story will end .
So many mysteries and just a few acts will be reac in these chapters .
All I know is that this story will n't have a happy ending .
Probably , the thief will probably probably probably take pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
like another trick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without a tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or what is lore that the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to know what happened to her biological mother and why she should give Anna away .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological other of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , one could utter any wound .
but then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
the most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Hilaria , my next friend .
but I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I loved him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and two cameras , but at that moment I thought they were making a video .
When I realised the boy at the centres was n't a simple boy , he was felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking home some questions and singing his songs .
When he left , I was sad but also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
l'alebro , the best pizza next to One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is D'albert pizzeria , located in the Dublin neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls were covered with trophies and photographs of the worlds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu . It is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far , I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the rose wind salad . It 's a free , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main example , you ca n't go wrong ordering any of their pizza . All are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 euros per person for different dishes , drinks and dessert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublinthis report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from different countries .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be the temple bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities , like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Vox set was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music . Each dancer performs and enjoys a nice meal in one place .
thw xeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2d and 3d and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
the Dublin wax museum as suggested by many students .
Several people said that the national botanic garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports start being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means people will want to play sport , which is essential to their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve a goal and practicing regularly to become good at something is also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
Firstly , port has become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fake .
This leads adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sorts instead of learning how to play well and having fun in the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or cheap in order to win at any price .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent dole models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the zame style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte wrote often from the first person narrator or from the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes athos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the groote sisters use a realistic style laced with romantic and gothic elements , like chronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
of the given source , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
of the 4 sources ate , 3 of them remained in a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
Both lab consumption and the category labelled had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and bee consumption falling from around 230 grams pr person pet week down to just over 120 grams per person pet well .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated sable , climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is evident from the trap that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Terrified :
My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
I 'm a poston at a Russian cancer research center .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of Arhin .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation I mentioned that I am looking for the opportunity to work in an office position abroad .
and since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try and contact you .
of conversation with alexis and your own publications - all support the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
not to mention the participation in pioneering studies .
My work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoclassic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earlier I had a publication in plus one with a description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and acting isoforms within the adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the fees - emo conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm also preparing materials for the next publication .
yours faithfully ,
Dmitry lavrovu.s. there my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitry lavrovu.s. there is my CV and a copy of my paler in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the good city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Luigi worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman wall , which was declared a protected Unesco heritage some in 2000 , because it is the only Roman wall in the world that is complete .
I think that logo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In auto , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Among the most important things I can mention are Froilán and Lucas .
From 4th to 12th October , Lugo holds its san froilán fiestas .
An froilán is a festival of national tourist interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional galician costumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Lucas .
It is celebrated in June .
During this fertility , Lugo becomes the dr century once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan market , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman emperors .
I recommend you visit Muyo in June because Lucas is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Wide Lucas .
Lugo is ans incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
city x " hss no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
Despite that , there are new plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In addition to the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86 of it discarded inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " recycling worms " program on the disposal problem . "
city x " incinerated hospital reside , in accordance with legal requirements , and end % of the garage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20 better than last year .
The program represents 1 % of the employment in the city , so it needs to expand .
The city has many projects such as the " keep it clear , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " lt 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150 during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
a later crucial activity are the " green communities " , currently carrying 38 of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy which integrates the private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the used report of 2012 , and also fits into 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " recycling worms " problem is caused by the lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you will have a loss of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is that you can work . You can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to trade , so you can first work and then travel .
You van fund work as a waite or in a show .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will be like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have an opportunity to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I make everything different .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be desirable .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or ilo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of modern art and it will be hard to describe the shape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just a machine waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and cozy .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get the position successfully , here is some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving the interviewer a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
First , dress as properly as possible .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with these formal occasions .
suitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
second , being puncture .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to war for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the pld saying goes , well prepared is halt done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really make a change in the interview .
Since you 've applied for a sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and rake on nea challenges , so he transferred to the Dales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions , like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
lots of love ,
riskdear Sir or Madami , write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a wolf cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
I sincerely find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given the andres 's outstanding overall performance .
yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back nad taking ownership fir other people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as as , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
However , if the target markets are both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groupa could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not last , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
and you ?
Have you over thought about how you can promote your language , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and trh it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gss drilling ties , natural gas pipelines and underground storage contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communities .
People who give in the areas of natural tax infrastructure earn from a few to several percent less than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs that are profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of the whale gws will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry , For instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will fire engineers and specialists , mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciusko institute conducted research which shows that poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shall gaagreece is an amazing country that a number of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be boring as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people loved about then .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely dun !
Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you take in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one gear ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through before the exam by reviewing them twice .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
of hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
That is not normal at aol is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you have finished and are included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I was out of time .
I had insomnia the night of my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves were not torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
eve since I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite all before my anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the EXA , I had that question and it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practiced and and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to gest prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score on akm ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't good for the environment .
Carbon dioxide emissions are very low .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replacing fossil fuels .
energy which we get from eun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power point is expensive .
We have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear plans is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we needed something that could work all the tiles .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities would plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " ciudad de ls reyes " .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , then with it coincides a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like Mestizos , European Peruvians , which are the second largest group and the minority in Lim includes Aymara and quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " hamas " .
The historic centre of Lima was declared a world heritage site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the carnival . this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or take to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " la mariner " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la procession del señora de los milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbol , like mazamorra moraga , el disco our ( wine ) , el cevixhe , los picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine Five Eu 's capital has an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the uk . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Below fans find a few suggestions of mine .
The phone bank might give quite a good offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.1 , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
and you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately , this bank does n't have branches in Britain .
and all banking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Royal savings bank , has many branches in the uk ( over 650 ) , so you can do all bank operations on the spot .
but there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need them ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first - serving account in the phone bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
and doing operations by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is the courts .
Take care and sincerely very soon ,
yours agnieszka
to : gkl6@yahoo.com
from : os7jm@yahgoo.col
subject : an important thing to do !
My dear pal ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
It was my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me to this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
What can I get ?
It 's been my break since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to you and to share with you my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
yours ,
Donutsi has been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down alone .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little I improved my swing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in this business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and have given me a solid academic foundation .
I also participated in various group work and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I was the president of the business students association ( box ) , head boy ( senior perfect boy ) and captain of the soccer school .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school to a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech government scholarship , I decided to do some research on the Czech Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found that the Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study .
Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campus with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is the lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in many parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , social and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the czech republic scholarship team .
I believe that I could make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has a commitment and dedication to working hard in order to be a graduate , whilst , at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
A dog is man 's main friendly is a well - known fact that people need to communicate with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into society .
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a do .
dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
always friendly , bubble and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a mile in people 's lives .
and that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haiti , four - begged animals , are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch out for their human family .
So , if they sense that their owner may be in danger , they immediately react by braking at a person or something else that might have caused it .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of . Batting and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you make you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay little attention to them , because they truly are nan 's bad friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " zoe kok adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I am fit enough to do the exercise without having any problems . However , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You ca n't imagine the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effory!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but tour confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , try your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that al the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really north a visit son and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since she left Paris last year , I have been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
but I had her letter at kast , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holiday I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
application for the post of chief Chinese editori am writing to apply for the post of chief Chinese editor listed in jobs on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publication industry .
Currently , I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative and careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
yours faithfully ,
Chen ki spureducation is a milestone in our lives and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world wide phenomenon since only a few countries : TYE UK ,
Canada , and especially the Uda , can boost it .
There are lots of countries that do notaccept homeschooling as a legal alternative so fad and others where it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to reededucation Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
educational and emotional freedom supports this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooling may also cree up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
homeschooled students ' success has been hacked up by the results of standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids , you also have to consider the same number of roadblocks :
The lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , end up being frustrated parents without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for schools .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
as traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " thesolution " and blended learning is the future .
geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a hole with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings will definitely definitely definitely be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses would be ready to be pit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylight and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some modern areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a room , a cheap bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
catch it or lose the alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
One of the ball vans gave your team the loss of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but over the years it became a passion .
What I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional teal spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : a famous sport throughout the world , seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a short .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the stress off our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst assets , many kore are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture of different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it next time , instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself to become fat .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have n't decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time on parties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up speeding in the wrong way .
For example , things might have gone out as they had expected or for multiple reasons , such as not having money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all the loans and know for know that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lids . I am 27 years old and I am going to take a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the university of the world heritage city of Caleres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - star hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and an avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You may contact me through f8hj2sul@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 65 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.r.r Tolkien .
set in England in the first century of the middle ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a girl against his wishes by defeating a grant .
When the dragon chrysophglax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword tailwater , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
I liked a lot story , first because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights seem fearful and incompetent and clashes are son with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA summer cap that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in educational institutions , or in social care .
I have recently graduated from the social science university in psychology and received high degrees in my teaching and supervising courses .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in the youth supervising environment in preparation for your finished assignment , so I am able to be a member of your well - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with raising my four hunger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the past two years , I have worked for the scout organization , helping as manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in younger environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely sawickii
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve our confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand how everyone has accra to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can hage some water to drink even though this is mot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see us different from other humans .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully - fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfil this dream , a PHD degree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my phd in theoretical and computational chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PHD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetic materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find analytical chemistry and environmental chemistry are the most interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
After my PHD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
there no future for public transport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly . However , public transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic nams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution to use public transport .
but what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Well , it depends .... when you travel on your own , you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more at your pace .
but think about the costs .
think how much you pay for a patrol nowadays .
consider as well how many days you have vacation .
Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
being back to our everyday life .
Most of us live in big cities and face problems with traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
all , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the way you work as an additional tome for yourself .
Who else ?
After work , you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecology is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by you more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why use the first narrator ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think . Usually , in this friction , the author invites us to know what inside the madman 's mimd .
feeling that the main character was talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it really happened .
Facing murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror for his readers ?
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeat .
First , the scene that describes the murder makes readers n't hell themselves emerging the images in their mind .
just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
When it comes to the sound , the heartbeat .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to its climax .
Every time the sound of heartbeat started arousing , something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeat of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time , when the madman heard the heartbeat , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he had killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time , the heartbeat also made the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
the whole story except the end of the friction , he confessed the crime . The madman used thr intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told his friends one sunny afternoon .
when ll was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around , looking to find different types of animals , such as birds , rabbis and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the ground . That ? " , Max said aloud .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was deep ! " Its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Because of this decision , max took courage to open the trap , but the deep did n't move because his leg was injured .
One of Mad 's friends brought water from the sea to give to the deer .
Maybe cut a piece of a t - shirt to cure the animal .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Mac and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had faced the animal 's life an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
probably not , but there are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private lives .
general , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandapising private .
If you decide to become famous because of your scandzlising private life , it would be silly to complain about rising paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' it is not important what you are talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private ifes .
The real problem starts when journalists injure the celebrity , whether it friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , that may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
What about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases , they must do their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
and when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just lead them along .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their idea with journalists .
and I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " las Ficheraa " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because there there is good food and a fun environment .
I went to Donner with about 6 other friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another able served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the ill was shown even without asking ( just because we had finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the fable ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine the day after that and told me that she had had dinner at " kas fishers " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with lower prices and good service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pivotal y corazón taqueria " is the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for cree .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bilk , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , confirming that great places still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : thank you for your time and your help with the article ! ! !
Second of all , how are you ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncued strained ankle has gone worst .
Last week I borrowed ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's been going better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch fight in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; abd as if that was n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough , the one of the only two other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , Cs and magic saved me right at the last second ( thw last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
and for that I want to thank you once again .
Back home , everything started fast . should have gotten used to it , should n't .
So I did n't have the time for much .
I have been totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of a scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that it was disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
* sorry , I 'm gon na ( abuse of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to the standard / the task .
there again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( says !
rom sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get back one ( I had spent the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to Tye Writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . plus i gave a rest to my ankle , which is very much needed too !
The two - day , one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have tone or a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sent a lot of cvs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
about the pictures from Rama , could you wait a bit more ?
I haven found time to download the pictures ( from all the things that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely not a priority .
Do remind me again , . if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go now .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
received a big hug from ( yes , finally ! ! ) War Spain .
global warming and its consequences in 2011 guardian 's article " The world 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1c of warning " , published on the 9th November 2015 , described the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British met office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1c warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences for the future .
The world meteorological organization made known publicly that 2015 had been the hottest year on record as well as it just caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to take about at the un summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased caron emissions coupled with the el niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of the met office 's Hadley centre , claims that humanity is blue for climate changes as the rise of temperatures or the catastrophe expected by scientists when local warming rises beyond c. This opinion is also represented by the British secretary of energy and climate change , amber rudd , wo considers th climate change to be obe of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security abd thd fight against poverty .
the stands up for a global real confirmed on the un summit by the leading states and therefore , these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of central England , which has warmed 20 more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4c warming would be even more damaging according to belcher .
Despite the result of a nasa study pointing out that there would been an ice mass in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10 that this prognosis will come true , according to Roof Andre Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the nasa study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , the environment and economy and as well as an issue of the un sumit in paris .
The problem less in the outdated framework in which he iwc operates .
fifteen whaling nations formed the iwc after which populations collapsed .
This organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of world heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , or who experiences them , they vote a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the world heritage list , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
The World heritage site is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by Unesco because the have found be animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
World heritage is the designation of places on earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the world heritage lit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
It is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation has become a concern of the international world heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed in the past is that once a country signs the convention , and has sites inscribed on the world heritage list , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments about heritage preservation .
Great awareness leads to a general rise in the level of health protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
a country may also receive financial assistance wnd expert advice from the world heritage committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sites not included in the world heritage list is that these sites are not funded , so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Moreover , they reminded of the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites are in danger unless they do not answer the ten criteria should be protected by unesco .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend our natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I move by playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us now to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket from my early childhood .
When I was a kick , I started playing with boys of much higher xge than me .
It gives me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am fond of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketing skillz , I loved his ability to hand pressure and his calm nature in many situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Para and pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Musli .
I would also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.om .
There are nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in keep .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will dome strong out of this and will spread its songs all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my bucket lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped thinking about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a bucket lust is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you ie .
I think it is kind of sad that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The Fault in our Stars " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are dying because of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply . It made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciating the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't think about my life .
I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what this " more " is .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it is necessary to meet someone new , from another different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I had never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my bucket list that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it will be for the better .
unlike popular understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , history is ont an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that work means .
It is a cyclical process .
The role had its heyday in the first century ad , but just three centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
those later periods , Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that the ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
and who can safely say that three centuries from now , humans will possess all the technological knowledge that we possess now and take for granted ?
No one can ensure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another world war , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new dark age .
but Ley 's pick answers the hypothesis for a second .
A wid world ear is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples ' lives in 50 years from now .
but is there , on this today , prospects for a news world ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what can help do now ?
The causes that will lead to a new world war will be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage sar against each other would have its roots in much older time .
as the causes of the second world war have their roots in events that wree the outcome of the first war , a third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already .
but let 's not digress into that . That 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
to : samefrom : simonetta
date : 05/30/14
subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Dam ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the dame place we went to last year , at the sunshine holiday camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and that it was great !
It would be terrific if you same with me . Is it possible ?
could you tell your parents ' permission ?
In this camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide tange of activities promoted by the staff , all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on , but what I like most is scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The damp is well - known and open from year to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It is always overlooked the period my parents take days off . What do you think is coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
simonetta
The doorbell ran unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
outside stood the most extraordinary looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriend .
the came down , but she did not stream .
Instead , she started crying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
mother had always told me he had died in the wat .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very confused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
how we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , we all got on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The grand place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the middle ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the elderly ones taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is decorated with the luzon of the corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them host cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also a museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made up of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful gliding and carvings .
This year , when it is Christmas time , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel royal castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first castle , called Platinum , was built in the 11th century . The remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcade courtyard .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as royal private apartments with far - famed tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
Another attraction of the tour was visiting the crown treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel royal castle , one can not see the dragon 's den - a cave under the castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel royal castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand tears of Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting from the variety of exhibitions and tours , and be certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ren years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I was very lucky then because I have had the opportunity to learn English in a natural world , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing their activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I have traveled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
So I ended up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrol in a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
During the course , I had to complete some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
and there I realised at least two things : the first one is that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one is that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is so easy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the stick .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the words , but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
adolescence .
Everybody says it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could also be the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a fog path and even when it seems you can see something throw it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by your uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that it confuses minds .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's a thing that gets under our skin is when moms say something and then help us to do the opposite thing .
The worse part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do anything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a set of accordance , because in the end , we do n't only feel anger towards them but also a let of move .
love : that 's a new feeling that adolescents have to accept .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of movie .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
that kind of love that we are in moves and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
adolescence it is like his , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the next one you drown in the dark .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
However , in mallory , there are a lot of places to visit , but I would recommend you a unique place , without tourists , rise and crowded beaches .
To the east of Mallory , you will find a small and beautiful village called Art .
In the municipality of Art you will find a coaster two , situated on the edge of the Tye mountain range in the Levant .
Sa colonia de sat pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you ca still see fishermen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
You will kids until Ca Los Cans , one of the most enigmatic beaches in malloeca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you lust go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said , " se have camino al andor " .
It means that the most important thing is the may , the journey .
Going on a bike near the seashore with the breed of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca Los Cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tatarella " , native trees of the coast of Mallodca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient novelists which have been recently restored .
Finally , you will get to Los Angeles .
It is a social beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
There you can do different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different wishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
a part of sports , you should note two different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatjcations that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical tower called " palaio " .
The function of the talaiots is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of tramuntana .
From Hat seashore you can see the Arcadia Bay , part of the mountain range of Trmauntana and the cape of Tormentor .
Ca los cans is a mixture of sewing , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : please , keep it secret .
regards ,
paula .
introduction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
My .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is quite small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
the swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is about foo deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from the facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
conclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent , but the gtm could be bigger .
Furthermore , you should use heaters to avoid colds in the passageway from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The future of public transportwhen we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people by personal vars .
A cad allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also be turned into public transport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the latest car he or she smes .
Thirdly , people do have inborn driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for aged people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are country a and country . Both ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest salaries are country c and country d. differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , country d. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In country d , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say that , from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well moved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that may people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Boeing is a dangerous sort . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
All professional boxers are at risk of being killed in their next fight .
If not killed , then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of a few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
This is just from the elite , and there are more from those below them .
more deaths would occur through going if it were banned .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on , people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities a much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and leas violent attacks with little or no reason .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals . Lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries in the latter rounds . These would put snow off the boxer 's skill and talent and stoll be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brain have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Mohamed Ali , who was infamous ) both for his boxing and his quick - fitted intelligence noe ahs alzheimer disease and can no longer do manu everyday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by their work 's characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although his mother 's in the joy luck club rebels against uch forces as arranged marriages , titans in like water for chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the india tribes in love medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the us government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between Aol cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in the color purple , and the murderous loves in jazz reflect Titan and Pedro 's destructive passion in like wager for chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed not as strongly in minority works as they are portrayed in other parts of literature .
emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as like water for chocolate and the color purple , other minority works , including love , medicine and jazz , do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
This again implies that ethnic American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experience .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurrence is of some good .
Voltaire sets out in candid to criticise this philosophy .
In candide the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at thunder - der - rocks .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the buttar army , he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not convert himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not because of his training . He kills two men , a jew and an archbishop , with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart brother .
Voltaire show has dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , canine and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On arrival , they see starvation and death .
candide is obviously horrifying , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell Ihm that some good will time of it .
candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the Jew world , South America , and has to leave his darling cunégonde with the commissioner of Thw province .
Candle can not see what possible good could come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book we begin to see how candide is gradually lad away for l'optimieme or perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can come from good is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant number of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of the thunder - den - track because he embraces cunégonde , he is duped into the arm , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds dorado but leaves the list continues .
candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once led .
She has become ugly and worse by the day .
This illustrates emphatically the folk of l'optimisme .
Candide has travelled the world in search of cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through . Of course , in the end , he does get cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in candide , shows how the philosophy of optimism is not of despair , not home .
It would be tempting to think of the various European communities as an embryonic united states of Europe ; especially when we politicians talk of the importance of European unity .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a politica as well as economic entry .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly forked national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example , in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the united states , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
However , it is equally clear that , while there might be such unified political action flowing from the European communities ( auch as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland island dispute ) , those communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a single parliament for western Europe with the power to make political decisions for all ; and now , with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the Uk and Europe is very big .
The supremacy of parliament will never be challenged .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish JTS sovereignty , even it would tomorrow repeal all those lawes .
The fact that parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it would never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and parliament consented .
But with the average jingoistic brito there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and even wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent , we still consider ourselves to be separated from standing alone against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , the has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her overseas expires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is the judge made paws .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on OU law . Of course , in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , laws will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , the same point will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country is typically against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
Of course , the British would lose their sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
It has been suggested that the single union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that others will never accept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , hunting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the federalists achieve their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British really results from their isolated place .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
Whether this will happen needs to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
with 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lows of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss need not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this relocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control or to faceless beaurocvrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
throughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my relief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is to diminish the strength of individual nations and to increase the overall impact of Europe on the state .
as amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to a central body .
I van sde a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
Whilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
of political germs , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The north sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I think it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
i.r.m is already upon us , but in this I feel the British should be especially careful .
Whilst I pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system will lower interest rates , and inflation while causing growth , with the possible exception of the magic circle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the sex as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty but the gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the bat , I think we will be drawn before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When Britain entered the European community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning the British relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European market , the debate started up again , but over how various Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
But the former prime minister , Margaret Thatcher , was not to lead Britain into a united Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of oud sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free glowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business books and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalisation , the new euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ecu .
They may feel that Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , affect day to day matters , to create a " European standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - originate all movements of goods and policies .
Should the people of Britain be prepared to back up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ?
many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the EU ?
It means well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe must argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As the date draws near , the awareness of Britons of Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as Britain becomes " European " , Britons will sake up and their sovereignty will be taken away .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trad .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give up .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and , consequently , lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Firms , because they are able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
to look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and mode easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally , then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty in Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
There is the question as to whether his idealism really will work .
Will three be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then not got quite a pot at take , its character at least , in integrating itself into this single Europe ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains , however , that next year ( in 192 ) there is going to be a single Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the single Europe will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European member states who are committed to the development of economic and political co - operation .
The community has the aim of breaking down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly much debated . To what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the first world war , but only after Europe had again been devastated by the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresh start is because of three main factors .
Firstly , as Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet union .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly wag .
one of the first major lives towards European integration was the creation of the European economic community , in 1958 .
Its membership has grown from the original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with their own sovereign powers , which they can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's sawa progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wishes their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty . Many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand fire .
The situation is seen as a three to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will disappear as a feeling of identity takes over .
On Britain 's roads there is an increasing volume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - yes and traffic jams ..
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadwork which district the highways and causes further delays while the roadwork is in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the number of drives having accidents and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are not taking to the tail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different prices for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage of the railways is , as the rail service and the bu service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the service were integrated , there would be a bus gime table which coincide with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would bot have to look forward to a long walk , waiting for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rail service , trains have to be timed to arrive and depart at kry times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half six .
The train and bus companies have to lease with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilemma facing the uk 's ral and road transport system is the general rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of computers and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the US transport network .
The biggest problem with the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in population . If it is made sheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off the overloaded British toads .
For commuters who regularly gravel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to deal with the increase in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is that pollution emitted into the atmosphere damages the ozone layer , creating shoots and forming acid ran , torturing the earth we are living on .
In concluding , I wish to propose clean , efficient , comfortable and cheap public transport for the future .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to the western world population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance , we finish ourselves on a 10 mile road - why do we still insist we travel on such a meander ?
To illustrate my point , if every time you take a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The answer most likely lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' green ' who wants to make everyone live in tide 's and rat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back up . They are not even attempting to treat the cause , theft . More and more people are now driving .
We all think that we have a divine right to be on the road .
why ?
Do we , the western world ( % of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at an environmental cost ?
just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit esrilene to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then so would the rest of the world .
That could have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the tall in standards . These people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of roads .
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies , profit - motivated .
The vital , small rail links will now be closed . Previously they were subsidised to make up for the loss . Now there are companies that can not afford to do so , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it . The only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seems to be apathetic to this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular spot , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold its head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheed Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which may cause a brain lot or tumor .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubanks and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the bottom and earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people claim that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have mutual respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
During fights , doctors keep close to the long and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
Ambulances are also on stand by at his events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing care without knowing the risks .
because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is needed and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other sorts which aer fat are brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for reasons of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
which is good news for the majority of the British public .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic attitude , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain vigorously inside his skull .
In this case , the boxer loves his brain cells during a boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer could end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes , and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubanks . He believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ing to knock his opponent kut but to win on points differences and to give chris eubanks his just respect most of hise fights have been won on points .
but there is one exception - the original example , the first reference said boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubanks ( the man who does n't specifically go intro fights to knock his opposition ) .
This example only proves that a dangerous so - called ' sport ' mixing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer by having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any glow to the head causes considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably lead to a public uproar about the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be gained or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalise of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any box regret their choice of career .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy of knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some TPP boxers earning sumas of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
let us consider ' sky ' views . recently began a subscription to view Tyson 's " next live lights " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to taking up the sport , would be leading the protests against boxing .
how pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Drunk achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical view is shaved by so many that whether boxing should be banned or will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation . In fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money was spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity to lower dunning costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms . For example , Ibm has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
Since its introduction , there has been a controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to the royal open house .
The lottery seemed to be a revered robin hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on pottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pieces out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is the in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had ruled their life , alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize funds shared between more people : it is better to give foreign people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more deserving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
This made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equations , and so we need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by a powerful computer and operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This means an extreme view , as there is still something in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this will not be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records . They have all but superseded handwritten , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their general studies exam ) , They are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-d ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body a bit redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting case - to - face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer reforms that stage how much each bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can nog deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They creed , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
the world watched in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the images on the TV , expecting something next at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " have you heard ? " , " i ca n't believe it ! " , " after all this time ! " , " i never thought it would happen .
" We all felt that we were living in one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- it was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the all fell in berlinwithin a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this was just the start .
It is the start of that our no - as - president hush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the cold war --
It was the event that gave the people of the eastern bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in via -- for 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- many people had tried to escape .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for western Europe with little money .
I asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the life life he had been forced to live there -- even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchrkoslovaquia , Poland and Romania rose against communist regimes as well -- bow , the years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not see --
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
The struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
However , history must not be rewritten and , as things stand , the vall of the Berlin wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the eastern bloc -- as such , it as the catalyst force that led to the end of the cold war and therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember teh day the will fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . They have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , adn eve the less overt corners of or lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Aloes do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our society , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological developments have made our world much smaller ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closet .
In schools , geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not help to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the u.s. that can not be described , and I feel that people have adopted the saying " I am self - sufficient , I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , cultures , and languages is very low on the priority list of educators .
until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at aol , and even at that time I had only one choice of language , German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States caused our minds to be heard , abroad a world that is growing while my country lats behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work large sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many shows , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their till .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Male people have had their job positions taken over by computes .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
but even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
They encourage organisational skills and tidings .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( ai ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
human brains are still working out how to build computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
Apart from making the human brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills . They can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
reflexes are improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we needed to know existed !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone has a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the ones in the past which filled whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both work and education .
But are they a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
ths computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public . Why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you ?
This is very time - saving and efficient , but it causes people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of talking about them on a flat screen .
It is saif ghat you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer escape from the hun - deum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for large periods of time every day face problems .
The relationship of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that , it is really boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future , but what part will man have in this future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home . People would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should not live with their computers or be so reliant on them .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by and and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erosion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against genetic manipulation .
Partly this is a ' fear of the unknown ' ; something which tankers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense over which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
whether it be a kitchen - nice used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Although the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
certainly we would not want the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their mouse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear their major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything able the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific research is not corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition to better itself .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - and created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does make a discovery , then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the front of hyman knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can nit be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the monarchy .
time of them are listed below :
the divisions in their family and the fight between the prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy should be abolished in male countries and many countries are republics , so monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy too .
For example , many people like the royal family or they are honest people , not like the politicians who always lie .
I think the royal family and monarchy is a tradition in the Uk and everywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then see if the monarchy should be abolished .
" In vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory , ie . in a gesture .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
Once fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to multiple births , ie .
twins , triplets to .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and is it air to the child having stated life in a text , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
there are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
At what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The People who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who would not usually be able to have children can now do so with invited fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to her womb and it is only the first in helping her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations , ie .
1 . fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a vase of a poor menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct for the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was in primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( ivf ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted fetuses .
the fetuses will have been aborted for a reason , for example : if it is the result of a rape or if they had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother , not from dead fetuses .
Science has been been on dramatically since the 19th .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern time are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many complications , but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a born marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays , biological operations can be carried out on humans who are not even born .
bodies can start their day in test tubes .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman and placed in a test tube and then spell is placed in to the set ube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the famous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The fetus is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful and not able to have children .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the other baby to be born and it would feel apart from her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken a course to tell jer she is to opd to have any children , so why should she have obe implanted into her ?
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be dealing with her pension and I am sure sue would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mother must die of good age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child must also have to look after her mother in her old age .
as the fetus begins life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that six of the sperm could also be selected .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 x chromosomes and the man has one x and one y - chromosome .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always x and the sperm 's nucleus can either contain an x or a y chromosome .
The x chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a , y sperm is selected and if a girl x is selected .
This will lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This be the unpopular sex ?
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of bs .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
In cows it is commonly known as mad cow disease and , by law , any cw showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold .
The problem is , however , that signa are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain , which is affected by these parts are usually sold and put not fast food such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak , offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have an idea of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to trade than the former point but bob .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the says of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British beef - indeed , the French and Germany already have restricted and sometimes banned the sal or import of British beef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversity , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable drops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows that had contracted the disease bone spongiform encephalopathy , or be .
The so - called ' mad cw disease ' seemed to make the cows lose their sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the train , and as the spinal fluid is usually pilot in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat means the industry was willing to take .
The human disease , creutzfeldt - jacob disease , or cjd , is believed to be a human for of bad , although no clear kink has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of cjd is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly suitable to eat .
However , people genuinely share the presence of the disease in the u.k. , and many abstain from eating .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting port and chicken , but sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody boycott beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future will be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gus , and , of course , stock cubes .
would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bad as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to Tye scientists to establish whether or not bse and did are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that three be no proven link .
watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that men are better at diagnosing cjd now than ever before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 gears to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and yorkshire pudding , thank you .
There has been a bih score in Britain recently that some beef may contain bse ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of cj ( creutzfeldt - jacob disease ) .
bse is a disease in cows that affects their brain and spiral issue ( or oral as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of cjd , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( bse ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offa will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has devastated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Already the sales of beds in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to contract , part of the cow offal must be contained within the beef .
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meet income that comes from some ' dolby ' bucher trying to cuf costs .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where hamburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of that is McDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their neefburgers are made from 100 of their invest , pure beef and contain no offal .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation should risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught caught and managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would men would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , there would be a lower need for beef cows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this , the price of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that bees containing contaminated offal mau cause cjd in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , mining cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that bse causes cjd was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and the market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed because some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did n't actually work for a living , but merely lived in the interest of their investments .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
but several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably ?
A migrant ork mat slaves away in a field all day long and makes less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in people 's feelings about democracy .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to iran money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works in a menial or physically taxing job does npt make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
Apparently , people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too much money from the work they do . They note the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a lower price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can give pay equal to contribution to society .
I imagine that in the past , women had problems with society 's role of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed between the said job for a man and a woman doing the same job .
gone and that tye woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay whole do it because they want to .
A lot of what changed women 's roles are feminists .
There are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in world places can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminist rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their pairs .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
Feminists argued this a lot when Iraq was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very easily .
They are not strong enough and , if captured , could be raped .
They feel that it is nit fai that men are the only ones .
other women , though , are glad that the rule of the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the workplace as being fair .
Also , sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believed that they were the victims .
I agree that five to ren years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
People are scared of what a woman will do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There is one thing that women can do better than jen and there are some things that they can do better than women .
God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and children are being more neglected .
modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into those things if they are not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the women 's liberation movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , women 's liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Stand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their case , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists , such as Emily Dickinson , were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wind , disgruntled zealots and was therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
although " radicals " such as sand and anthony seem docile and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the women 's movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When women 's lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it wa again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " mortality " and women 's lies .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - turning , anti - saving leaders of the 1970s .
The gold of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of them has .
For so many years , the goof that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public was aimed and not so jaded .
Within this century , there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other words right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one had only to turn it on to tune out reality .
television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than not given by newspapers .
television has the power to bring wart into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the scale route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as an entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at TV at any one time , watching eit - coms , soap - shows , and cartoons .
T.J. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
t.j. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and share at a how .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society another creative vei , a look at a world which can be seen in no other place , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , known as aids .
though it has probably been around for awhile , its presence has n't really been known until fairly recently , and its consequences have been devastating .
Aids has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has tour the apart .
For example , there is a stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have aids too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted aids through a blood transfusion , was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of aids , paranoia is at an all time high .
Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strands of aids do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have aids and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea . Now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than a one night stand .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , but with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous period of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the race went on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon that people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atoms and their energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
as missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between our members .
from my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
On a planet which desperately needs to focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to a circulating clean executive commancpost from the air .
In just the past three years , the family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin will and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic is one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
as discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
New drugs were also synthesized ; one was found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about making medicine .
It is now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and brewed , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of funds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and lore antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( pc ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; However , this phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made lies easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
from word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary , as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) there now abundant computers .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computation so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or the type functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " wa able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Dud errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant , for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
yet there are practical solutions .
better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
That He is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( This probably requires understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eve , sometimes as large as a small fiat , with a metal arrows in its center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite dish , created in the years , has changed the meaning of telecommunications .
In part , it has created the information age , as the latter parr of the 20th try , is often labelled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Tee Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of cnn , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Presidents and dictators switch the channel to receive first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup diktats or civil wars .
decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that news cnn commentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and Core refer to cnn , created by satellite dishes , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the information age , with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money put into creating videos , and the profits from viewership , has a strong affect on the world economy .
40 of U.s. millionaires are entertainers .
The satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for cable TV and nagal programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite disk .
naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the united States , due to the satellite dish .
and we must not forget space programs such as starwars .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pros and cons of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention , not only of the 20th century but of all .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the fork that is still most familiar to us today : the atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before in the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had an object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
for not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories , we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our phone layers and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
with the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by apathy will be irreversible .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with you .
Write to your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significant changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's love is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airline , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat , but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very eyhnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have never visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still do not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically with the establishment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system also .
Life with airplanes is more rapid - paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern day life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as ideal to have a woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the u.s. was in the 70s with the equal rights amendment , which failed .
Even today , a woman still only earns something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Only when some have achieved equality with men will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery has been made .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear weapons .
We realize that countries which hage many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies are no long able to freely dual their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have been formed to plant more trees .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing many nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
( recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to the economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assumed oud energy was never ending .
Now , people are more inclined to turn off their rights when they 're in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that animals have rights .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are concerned with .
but we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected peoples ' lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things on my computer , whereas before I had a computer at my desk clustered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the advantage of a computer , I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , per half a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the word processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My cousin has the same program on his computer and is used to buying lin tickets w / out leaving the house and , moreover , w / out picking up the phone .
Also , I realise that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm now in Madrid .
How did I get them ?
Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , and came here from us .
But , w / out the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the international programs office at Boston university , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program , the application for which was probably computer generated , I assume my info was processed by a computer .
With out this luxury , the international programs office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have had a significant impact on people in the last 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the work from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this even as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they ca hear it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially us ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , thus allowing people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the information age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can swe various actions acted just to their own ends , and understand the consequences of the actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good girl always wins , we always live through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is so distorted , and so hidden that people go around acting like Superman .
As long as we have a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culinary seas have been calm and consistent for centuries .
Progress has moved slow like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves has shown little changed .
However , with the daybreak of the 20th century , a storm has brewed .
With this storm , the water churned and spanned a weave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
This wace is a microwave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As history progressed , spots and barbecues emerged .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and layer ones fueled by coal .
modern times see gas and electric range as staples .
All these things had one thing in common : fire .
flame , the source of life , was always used to prepare the tools of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating a fraction , which creates the head .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new route .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and just use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scariest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother wife works , can go home and whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten kater .
again , time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fire starting .
For as I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzying made of life that most of us wore in the 20th century .
Throughout history we can see that great revelations in areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Dating is something everyone must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce marshall law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th century , the machine gun gas changed many lives ( except for those that it killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the advertisement is simple .
There is a transmitter and it sends its signals through the akr , waves , with the potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend our lives would be different .
Every morning I listen to the weather forecast and dress accordingly .
At night , you can not on the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers have been around for many years , but it was not until the invention of the radio that the power of the media became evident .
radio gives him the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
As a source of entertainment , radio and JTS must be important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical dag for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to each other , have even been forms of entertainment . For example , video is made for this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches T.J.MY Señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T.j. is the greatest thing in the world .
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps him happy .
television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we live and do things .
The current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed , and when one does not do this , one fails .
One can see these ideas in popular media every .
t.j. commercials and T.J. programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the value of that the United States was founded on has changed in meaning and sense , when applied to modern day America , nothing was her equal .
and today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , the lives of Americans are moving at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family is often substituted with T.J. In America , this growing individualistic society , no longer sees the real humanness between people . Instead , one uses the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss . The voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , academie françois , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to academie français , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard upheld by the academie is the idea of verisimilitud , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
Voltaire , as a neoclassicism , one of these regulations and followed them in his literature .
However , when writing candide , Voltaire defied the academie 's rules .
Candid is a parody of the guidelines of neoclassicism .
Neoclassicism liked literature to have good manners : they did n't want to get on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
In candide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls in oreplion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the baron who batted with the cashier and was punished for having homosexual ac .
Sex turned into violence when cunegonde was being raped by a barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of ger .
The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing face .
After the baron is caught bathing with Mussalman , he receives 100 lapses for his sin .
Candide stabs the baron , a Jesuit priest , after the baron forbids confiding marriage to cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travel ; the Baron also continues his yale with style after telling of his beating ; and after candide " kills " the baron , he leaves to search for cunegonde with no second thought until he reemcounters the baron later in his travels .
The light attitude in which these acts of six and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes candide .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from church and state issues .
He attracts the hilpocracy of the church because the old woman 's father is the pope .
When Candide visits the and of Dorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to god in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with yod in the real world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the baron , who is a dame from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentiles .
Candide and his companies dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Dorado , voltaire tools the imperfections of our society .
According the lund , 35 of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
statistics of 56 are greater than Landes ' thesis .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most vases are those of the " trigger ruling the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago , minorities would n't drive a car , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegregation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things and return favors .
This is based on equity theory .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudiced toward blacks at first .
After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jews , blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he lived in .
Our country has been coined a " melting - pot " , inferring that we all come from different , that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we realize , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model u.s. citizen .
The differences they are rediscovering only and more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( most clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the flights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Weasel , author of such books as Night , says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , native American poetry is more expressive and vishal partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American literature is philosophical / literal because their native language is so .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in jazz and blues music .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept their diversity .
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the last ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.s. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Weasel 's goal and and indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seeb throughout any channels that cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( hepburn 1 ) .
television violence is prevalent in the united States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
The v - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
some people , such as the senate commerce committee , are not satisfied with it .
The senate commerce committee approved bills creating a partial nan on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate v - chip , the House v - chip , a technology fund , a violence safe harbor , and a violence report card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The national association of broadcasters accused the debate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The nab also insisted that broadcasters have already responded to concerns over violence on television ( stern 1 ) .
One television shows shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain pilot involves a murderer , then the murder must happen .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television shows .
Many made for television movies that may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised . . How many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' teenage mutant ninja turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fund .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to prison children 's minds .
The famous v - chip mag top dome shows from being shown to children , bit ray that children will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
