it 's difficult answer at the question " what ate you going to do in the future ? " if the only on who has to know it is in two minds .
when i was younger i used to say that i wanted to be a teacher , a salesman and even a butcher .. i do n't know shy .
i would like to study psychology because one day i would open my own psychology office and help people .
it 's difficult because i 'll have to stud hard and a not , but i think that if to like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
maybe i 'll change my mind , maybe to .
i think that the public transport will always be in the future .
the rich people will buy a car but th poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
i consider that is more convenient to drive a can because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
in my experience when i did n't have a ca i used to use the by to go to the school and go back to my house .
in my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment to realized the importance of a public transport .
in india we have various toes of public transport , like cycle , bike , far , train & flight .
depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
but generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with the does of transport .
this reminds me of a trop that i have recently been to and the place is air .
it takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from delhi to area .
we had stopped at holes fir having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
since , we have the option to wait antics we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & fight ) .
in addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short and on the back seat and wake up fresh .
due to the above mentioned reasons , i am going to conclude that travelling by can is much more convenient .
my name is sarah .
i am 17 years old .
i am looking forward to join you in this year sumner camps .
i love children , and i enjoy looking after then . also , i organized many sports activities before in my school .
in addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
my family think that my cook is amazing .
i hope that you give my the chance to join you .
thank
my favourite sport is volleyball because i love plays with my friends .
volleybll is a short play every place , when i travel on the beach i like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the see .
it is very funny .
when i was young i like plans with the ball in the playground and my friend and i played using the soccer goals as a network of volleybalk .
dear to ,
how are you ? i 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
on the on had , in my country there a a lot of place to travel .
for example barcelona , madrid , seville , vslencia .
there are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in madrid you can visit " pierre deep sol " , " las circles " .
i visit madrid twice a year .
all summer i visit seville because i love this it and i suggest that you visit seville .
on the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very and .
nut , if you want i look of a not from you .
my best friend looking fo a people responsible foe look after he sister .
her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
to will be interesting in this how ?
than you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to her from you .
i 'm looking forward to seeing you .
take care , laura .
today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
also people need no to suffer high operating cos running their own car .
but it can us a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from one .
for example , i think that it is hot unfordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
instead it will be common to by an air ticket an ride on public plane .
in my opinion i think that public transport in future is going to continue to be see because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a war even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future it people are going to he more the cars when busy or underground .
if we think about it the act is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting fro the bus or underground but in another wa cart us more money than the public transport .
by car we can must stay with ourselves which can be good because we an listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be found people that are unwound gut if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so not rtasnportations are good and the care do n't end necessarily to end up with the public transport .
if i had it to chose between both transportation i think i probably chose cat because it is better for me to go by car the to go by bus .
in my community , we are very interested at environment and economical things .
we have solar panel and a place to make compose at the last garden , with worms who eat and degraded all the organic waste of the school .
in some strategic points of the building we have special rrashcans to separate the garage in organic , paper and cardboard , can and pe bottles and the also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
the manager of all his project is less june did , our science teacher .
al the initiatives has mad us all over the years a recognised economical community .
good morning everyone , today i went to share about is my favorite sport .
my favorite sport is football , who i choose it?well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!ecample like barclay premier league , lisa premier , if world cut and so on .
i believe that 's all will delighted us .
by the way , my favorite football read is manchester united , they are brilliant , they gave an amazing football players , and they are awespme .
michael was a little did when he had a break that was : be a super her !
after many years he still dream to become a spur hero .
he enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a upper hero .
past some years of the university and he know a girl called kate and he get loved on were and she he loved in in .
kate was cursing the university of fashion .
then the two started to date .
michael and kate was so happy , until one day that michael said to him break to be a super hero , katie he so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that michael was only dreaming buy that would never happen and that upper hero do n't exist .
when he said that , michael started to cry and her mad saying that the was lying and do n't have heart .
he got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
in following ray , she said sorry and them was happy again .
but when them get to the some of michael they fight again and michael get a knife nd kill he .
he cried with a long blood around .
michael get away from there .
michael closed he for and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in for life .
for instance , we face subways in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
it is true the moving by war is more convenient that tale public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to for life and hark our environment .
therefore , we heed to think more about our future , our offspring .
giving then a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
if there is no public transportation , traffic jaw will be serious the before .
in my country , tapped , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
i can not imagine if there is no bus or met , he long i will take for school .
war is convenient for human , but it brings damage fore human also .
for example , carbon dioxide which is created by act .
it cause global warming which threats or environment nd harms our daily life .
we can see that there are its of serious nd frequently water disaster happened in decided , such as typhopon , hurricane , wild fire and mud lie .
what other precautions , is usually take ?
the no office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
if the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
the pleasure of traveling
people go , people come .
every day lots of people are traveling abroad but , what 's the been way to do an international travel ?
the most important option to travel is , by face , the plans .
but , even when it 's true that it 's the faster motion , you must be very carefully at time to get off a plane .
if you are looking for comfort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
there are a rode variety of things to do and enjoy the try .
although , the better option , is pack out a train .
there is n't corporation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , th best part , the cheapest may to get way some days and the the routine ff some days .
anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where ou go .
the pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
transportation one of the most important going on life so we have any of kinds for transportation of we travel by ca but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than you this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
in modern societies , their she lots of friends around our daily lives .
if project cold not be finished without co - operations .
friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
more importantly , the parents give of lives and thy touch us knowledge and skill or abilities to live in this world .
in this case , the families played important doles in daily lives .
the reasons as as follows .
first of all , we could learn lots of skill from parents according to their own experience .
for example , we could learn his to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
secondly , the families could give you one advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
if difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about his to solve the situation .
all in all , in his case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
the computing technology has been advancing very much this past years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and taking the difference between old and ne computers grow when more with every me discoverement .
as we can notice , old and new computers are lastly different , starting from the size of the computer , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
old computers were used to occupy not entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a boy .
you can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to very places you visit .
old computers only let you make path tasks , or when play simple gates with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you went to do , like creating or playing videovames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make video , invent no stuff to improve the computing technology , and to only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
and of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you dan connect to other computer , download stuff , etc . gin ethernet cable or tireless connection ( i - i ) .
get rest may
i wen to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his like miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for dear to take him suffer .
as i did n't found nothing , i went to th place he live at and started to look foe some information about his life and found people who he fare about so as i continued to go to his house i notice he will always go to the same house so i decided to follow hum to the house and i found out he was dating a girl the might be his girlfriend so i finally got an idea , i would drive him crazy must as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but soon i thought about it again and realized that if i did that she will cry to help hum and they will be more united , so i decided to drive the both crazy almost at the border of death , just as he did with me !
but wait a minute am i really so angry to take this ?
yes !
i screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did it had no longer control over my actions , i was afraid of that i had become and what i would do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction i would feel when i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
but i was so mac at him and so qnsiouns to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering i had been through became stronger and bigger , i had me a position i as going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his like tutoring me and not eating me to be happy i would the time is necessary fo in to have a miserable life and i wo it step until i had accomplished my gold
i 'm not are with this idea completely .
on the on hand travel by car are really much more convenient as vive the chance to to to be independent .
on the other hand huge traffic james are a i issue for travelling by had .
my favourite sport
i count to be a football prayer .
for me , football is everything in my life .
when i she football on the television i dream with play in a by year and in a big championship like barclays premier league , ligne 1 or lisa cava .
my favourite club are benfica and read madrid , were donald plays , fro me he is the best layer in the work , that is why royale won the gold ball of 201 .
i play football in a portuguese club called valenciano and we win a lot of games this season .
i dram in win a lit os leagues in football and win the bets championship , the uffa champions leave and the best score of all the time in uffa champions league is christian donald , my favourite player .
i play football because i like but the only reason that i do it hardly is because of my had .
his dream is that i become the next captain of a big trap and him a spot of money .
my name is joy .
i graduated from national taiwan university of science and technology .
i am 25 years old .
i am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
i like personality with childlike , so i like children .
i had experience of holding basketball competition when i wa student .
i planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
they enjoyed the game .
i also like to cook .
if my mon cooks , i always help her .
my personality is cheerful , energetic and hadworking .
i always since to people .
i really want to get this mob .
i want to play with children and see their smile all day .
i think the smile is the but fit in his world .
i am also a hard worker .
i have passion of this job .
if you think me is the right person you went , please give me a response , thanks .
public transportation has been for used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper nd also more are but some people prefer days to extent do we agree with and what is or reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essays
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years were was hot even good facility to move from place to the and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fads at the beginning the faced a not of problems nut they were able to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of travelling are mode convenient from cats to use even trains an planes some people prefer care because the do like crowded faces or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it come to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their in cars to feet the real experience and to enjoy more by choosing out from crowded places
to summarise it is different from some ones opinion to another i predict the public transportation will be improved and people will use it mode and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
the topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
this conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure an with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in part 10 years
development of giodiesel industry an be a contribution to productivity growth .
a are scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
meanwhile , it bolt economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance grows domestic produce ( gdp ) .
if you are living in by town or small it does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organizer of the town , is environment .
global walking is have issue in today 's date .
government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
however we the people have really important part of making it worse .
active and a god government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
recycoing it van be a good step to start wit clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking car by my city .
everyone have to plant a the in front of their some with the due of province government .
people is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
additional , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
in conclusion , i would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so on dwy it can be seen in who country .
everybody his his favourite sort .
my favourite sport is football take .
on our school or village football stadium i spend a lot of some very dwy .
usually i play football with my classmates .
before training i an 1 - 2 kilometre and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
one tell has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skill .
his may words:"yoj must work and work very hard , if you war to get his results " .
i can say , that coach is experienced person .
not so long who , we are he competition .
the first place was getting by us .
we have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
i believe , hat in the future i will be a famous football player in gems such as skhatwr or dynamic .
football is my life .
i want to give advice to someone who starts thus spoet:"you must believe in yourself " .
hallo my friend ,
what 's up ?
how are you ?
how was your day today ?
it 's really nice foe you expressly e - mail yesterday .
you regret that to were n't there with me . i 'll try describe everything precisely , because i know that you very
dear paul ,
i have men you notice in the academy newspaper and i 'm quite interested . i have no plans for this summer so i think it is a good idea to spend it .
i was burn in te up so i can be a very food teacher of english .
although i came to spain ten years later so i can speak with them in spanish if it was necessary .
also , i assisted to a ballet course fir 4 years when i was young .
it wa a not of tie ago , however , i still keep the echthyma in my body !
by the way , i remember i had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . i had to be the teacher cor one day and i did n't forget it because i felt wonderful .
all members congratulated me , as well .
on the other hand , i had taken care of my brothers and cousins for man hours when they were very count .
you must know that i 'm a very responsible , kind nd funny person .
that james me a good candidate to achieve the job , or he hobby foe me !
i hope you keep in mind my candidate because i 'm not going to disappoint to .
best wishes , julia .
in my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
because ont everyone afford to by their own cat .
besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't but their own car .
so i think public transport 's future is bright .
what is he " family " meaning ?
in my opinion , family is the place that had you best friend can hell each other and know each .
in the taiwah , man of people have to take care of them parent when they he old , buy the point is what if you can not survival , i man you do n't have enough money to rise you parent .
back to the topic , i do n't know well any of member of in my family , i do n't trust them , honestly .
i like newzezland because there are man islands .
by the way , hewzealand have a cool weather .
in malacia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
that 's shy i order all of you to go there and deep the pleasure and have a ty their own foot .
you can also bought a lot of gifts like key chain , statue , or what rose memories to be made before returning to malasha .
i did not are to go to newzeland but believe me it is very beautiful place .
if i gave sustenance , i will go there and bring all of you .
i give in mention , a small city in east sicily .
the local council wasn't a project for the environment .
people collect an kin of rubbish and throws all together in black sank .
although the council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
found the city , you can find many places where the people threw fig , kitchen , " amant " , old things or furniture .
what a pity !
the suburbs of renting could be wonderful .
there are orange trees , a large lake and end in background .
when i was a child , i bad a lot friends and they were very important for me .
we over played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a of of ...
but when i was a teenager i began to like situations that i did jot like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
in those years i lived the worst moments in my life .
i remember when i celebrated my 15 birthday , only one schoolmaster wanted to come to my party ; i think the this day was one of the worst dat of my life .
there night i cried because i felt the i have no got by friends .
however , my parents tried that my party was the est and they prepared for me a special birthday and the invited all my cousins and together went to aet penza and gave me a lot of presents .
in there moment , i thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
i knew that they never talk bad about me .
nos , my husband is my best friend .
he is the most important people of my life .
he has ever been with me .
also , he is very funny ad i laugh a not with him .
both like to travel around the world and to practise some ports , for example , tennis , running or trekkimg .
we like watching to series and cooking several dessert too .
to sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , david , my husband .
life of people around the globe is becoming busier and user may by day .
a busy life always compel to use the fattest and most convenient god of transportation , which had made public transportation system leg behind motor was .
hi us summer camps ,
his advertisement for a to gas been leading by suitable person .
my named is marya , i am from spain .
i am interested in this work because i enjoy travelling and i am teacher so i like working with the children .
i am sure that i will look after children very well .
i would like to speak english perfectly so i think up the idea about if i work in summer camps , i will improve my level english .
for the other hand , i could teach spanish to the children in the summer caps .
i am waiting yours answer .
hi same
how are to ? are to still living in madrid ?
yes , i started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
i 'm leaning a of and the students are her friendly .
it i need to study harder because i what to pass te exam , and it 's very difficult .
however , if i carry on studying like now , i will do it .
the lessons a very funny
dear sir or madam :
i have seen your announcement in the newspaper nd i am interested to apply for .
i fan speak english and i am a lovely , energetic and harboring person besides i have recommended paper from
my last company .
i have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and i am qualified .
besides i have cooking skill and i love to cook .
i hole you are interested in my application .
i am looking forward to hearing from you .
santa bqrrientos
the technology have chanced the people 's like very mucin fact we can think now different is our life respect either to our parents or or grandlarents pife.for example my parents i n't hath on to , because there was n't any to on the world when the were young.butf it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the intwrnet.our grandparentz wouldn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
although the act that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
nowadays , people yes fossil fuel as the lost important source of energy fir travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run it .
people must find ways to he other energy sources lime nuclear electricity , wine power , public transportation such as electric metre us this kind of energy .
as a result , governments will invest more in searching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
the range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
in addition , th population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the work will come overcrowded , it will lead to any other problems to be solved , fo example , traffic james , sir pollution .
in some oerespectives , these problems are led by the one - using of personal vehicle .
people will realise that using their of car is just to waste their time for traffic dams or to gradually killing themselves fro breathing diluted for .
so the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
each person should practice saving when using an source of even to protect his own lived .
in conclusion , investments on developing public transport all be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
hello flex , how ar you .
her you free for weekend , had you ant plans .
me ad my friends go to the cinema , and i invite you to go with us .
if you are interest , fond me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
think to helen of those wonderful presents .
i always want to read these type of book .
i went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the home after in the evening went to the bench .
in conclusion it is evident that because developing countries she facing political an economic inability , grants travel of better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
the effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
the cause of brain - drawn should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
in this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boasting up the infrastructure and saw enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
there is n't too few oxygen at the top of verses to breathe easily
jordan rome was get 13 when he climbed everett in may 210 .
mount everett is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
the tip was reached for the first time by to limbers in 153 .
my friends and i , we pike a programs of to , electronic music , fashionable clothes . i peter all .
sometimes we a going to the party 's in the city , i am dancing in the party with my friends .
they listen to the music and can we are singing .
it 's very good .
arson is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girlfriend .
does is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
other person is angel , he do n't dance in all place .
he prefer study in your home .
hello something .
my names is seven and i 'm 14 years old . i 'm living in german .
in the moment i visit te secondary modern school .
i 'm in grave 8 .
my life is difficult because i have to realize everything .
for example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
i love her look .
her eyes looks as the sun .
but she is ignored me .
i gone i can forget her .
run for your life
my favorite sport is rub .
i like to running fast so fast in fact that it free me as if i run on air and the rest do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
my favourite place to run is in the forest by i like to due sporting to .
i am liking to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
the beset advice i can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that very seem you are running a little for further and a little lore faster and them after 20 years you will be an olympix champion maybe .
in my opinion , television can be educational . whether you are watching the news or a show about world or and .
of course , it 's important to choose the right television showed .
if you 're watching go & merry , it hardly will have nay educational value .
although on could argue that you can always learn something .
a friend of mine recently explained that if a combine apokqlyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching walking dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
today i want to write about my job .
i 'm a fkrensic bjologist and i deeply love my to .
it is a job with a of of interesting aspects ,
it is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not all redmunerated , i deep myself satisfied .
in the last few years forensic biology as developed may aspect like better sensibility , robustneds of results and les me required of analyze a sample , buy what struck me most is how fast tis change happens .
television seems to be a controversial tool .
herd there is oe : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
from my experience knowledge , i believe television cover both entertaining and educational function .
it notes how may educational programme broaden young children 's horizon in the part few years , ho quickly an adult learn different basis from a great deal number of educational programme , such as cooking , science and technology .
it also note educational programme make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
part from educational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and face information on to that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
however , i believe the educational programme on to still plays a vital sole in education both adults and young children .
i think who the best restaurant where we cab go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
her we can at typical italian food .
the last time who i was here i have eat the best penza that i have ever ear in my like .
the atmosphere remind the theme of the sad in fact the walls as decorating with a lot of shell and the waters are pressed like sailors : i think that it 's a great idea !
also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a let of space so we can sit al together at th same table .
the owner is a very mind person and i 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
no future for public transport ?
public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
currently , most people is used to use their own car to he to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
bit cars polite the in with cot missions every day and contribute to the climate change .
so , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
in addition , having a war is very expensive .
first of all you need can afford to by it , after that , you must pay for the assurance , council tax , ad mechanics balls , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't had to drive and if the but or train or whatever vehicle you use , breaks down it is n't your responsibility .
besides , public transport polite less than crash .
in conclusion , i think public transport has future , and the more people he it , th are future will have .
i 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
but pay a little old .
i completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize hahdouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygienic , very hare , but i have nothing to complain about .
i work hare for two months , pay a of .
just your wage paid too much lower than i expected , i want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuma more than the existing we basis .
i invite you to consider the proposal .
i think about transport that the government his to hell the public transport , for example bus , train , metre and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
traveling by can is more convenient in a lit of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance dost .
in gig cities public transport works well because there 's a gold feedback by people .
instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same by , because for the transport companies it 's nor convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
to lawyer was a how that lived with his aunt polly and she had to punish tom because sometimes tom die n't go to school .
on monday tom went walking to school and he saw his friend thick which they talk a lot and to exchanged a sick for his tooth .
then he saw a beautiful girl james beck so you talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and tom kissed beck .
tom say to yer of another girl so the go mad and the ignored tim .
to was so sad because beck did n't to talk with him so go went on a try with luck and disappeared of weeks .
when tom saw his house he speak into hid house and saw he aunt polly crying for him .
so the next day the people of the gown went to church to hear the funeral of tom because man people thought that tom was dead but suddenly tom open the door and git in so everybody was so surprised to see tom .
the next day huge went to tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boy considered like an adventure .
so they went to the mysterious house and she they were inside they heard voices so go and thick hide and they saw that unjust god was the one that was talking .
the two boy heard hat he was planting to seal some money and kill people so the boys staff their adventure on stopping injury joke ...
hi , to .
thank to for you message .
i will do my best to answer your question .
as for your questions , i think that to should work in japanese restaurant , such as japanese " ryotri " and " uzakaya " .
that is because you will improve your japanese skill in them .
recently , may south east adams have studied japanese in japan while working in them .
by improving their japanese skill , in japan they have the opportunity to felt a job .
michael closed the door and knew at the moment he he made a mistake .
he was at sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to is house .
so he went back to sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , bug search already knew that he left the bathroom pike this so before michael entered to the bathroom she said : " i know what to leave there " nd michael went running to the bathroom .
hi julie ,
my school is located in he centre of the city in bangalore , india .
my school have a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
i lime my baths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
good morning :
this is an say about my favourite sport , it is swimming since i was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more i van do it alone , i never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
i do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar tears ports , and away i go alone it is n't boring ford me furthermore , i prefer going alone because anybody bother me or i haven't want anybody .
i said that because when i was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day i had to was fro her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair , i hated that !
luckily th operation was find and be left to come with me , and since that day i go for my own .
swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in th poor , ut sometimes there are children and i do n't like so much because they like disturbing me hut sometimes it is amusing too .
i would recommended to people she it know soil to learn , because i am pretty true that it like it an later the can stop swim .
i think that dance is a say for self - expression .
it 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
dance is a passion , a type of life .
when i 'm dancing i forget all my problems , except my stupid companions tat the do n't understand anything .
but tis is another theme for speaking .
when you dance , sigh , or act to her showing something to the public , something that 's important god you .
if dance is our passion , you practise ever may , ad you 'll kept practise all the days until you can .
if you are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
to 'll sake up mary for going dance , or do dance class .
you do n't matter if ou go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
that 's a joke , you must sleep .
if you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen yes old , i consider my beset friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a dog it name 's chere , it is a golden receiver .
it 's a lover dog , he knows his i feet .
my oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
also i have a brother his name is jose louis he has twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
my mon and my dad , thy are a good guns .
actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in the town so i stay away from my family .
hi mrs .
kate by ,
his are you ? i hope you are well .
of work in our cafe you have to speak english of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet goods like cupcakes , can , copies or hrownies , th most popular folds of this year .
another thing that you must know it 's of to deal with people , we are searching fro someone she can impress everyone , also someone who an bring the customers go attention and service .
we need someone ready for work long hours , because or cafe is going to open every day .
that 's all , see you soon
kissed ,
fera
we think that in the future the planet will be in bed conditions and the trees will be disappearing , after that we will be having wars .
in 30 tears we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north poor will have melted totally .
the temperature will are become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters sill be more aggressive .
the technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have total changed .
because of the , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
friendship is something very important in my life .
i ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
how to make friends and met ne people ?
it is easier than you think .
just ... start talking !
communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
you have to remember , that friends are not supposed to free on every single thing .
they just have to calm talk about it .
if your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's on .
just try , it wo n't cost you much !
gold day ,
my name is found nd i would luke to talk about my favorite sport , bolleyball and of the most beautiful sports ever an i used to practise the spot 3 times a week since 1890 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this short are as follows :
1 make me fit and healthy
2 class gave no friction between layers
3 it exercise all muscles of your body
regarding the above i advice all rockies to start practise this short nd they will get many benefits .
however , the adults they ca practise it as well and they will get the sam .
as citizens of village , we totally care about environment of out village .
every sunday , we do a mutual cooperation were anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
we clear th dirty pitch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
while , we replying organic rubbish too .
from organic , we can take bag , hat and other stuffs .
the they can sell the an it income of it .
the creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , th on she make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
what we belief as museums that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create of father ( adam ) and created from him ( eve ) and they her in the paradise and instructed to not eat from the free but te satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and ad set the prophet and messengers ( moved , jesus , ashamed , others .. who the worship the same in ) with miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are ere to do the trust in this short life .
transportation is the head of any city whether it is public or private .
nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement the there would be tough time for public transportation in near cuture.becauss people wants privacy as will as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consequence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transportation available
to competition with public transportation .
nowadays people have numerous motion to travelling like any private company
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of his consumer get more benefit luke lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company dancing new war with unfordable price which consist people to use are and more private veil .
i go foe a walk to a pair every may with my lovely two corps dogs .
i met many people in the park .
i never thought about , people got so many let .
in the pay some in the park is very busy even thought the pay is huge !
some people a very friendly th same as their so .
but she people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
family is the most important institution of social life .
very member have hi own role and he boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his trap to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicefersa , by dfialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also mist listen others point of views to i - arrange and update his knowledge .
a other or a father an be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
recently i saw the thrilled of mokinfjay part 2 .
if you want to see that moves , you need to watch the first 3 movie before to understand it .
the first moves , were amazing ! !
a lot of action , drama and romance .
the fast of this series , had been wanting for his movie science the the first movie appeared , that wad in 212 .
i do n't think that this movie is fir all the family , because is hard for little sides to understand , in opinion i think is are a been love .
i this people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this be of the first jove that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also th actors in the first bodies were perfect , and i think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
hope you guns choose this movie ! !
it will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
my favourite sport is karataev .
first of all , i enjoy it because the i practise i feel i an hold on for hours .
when i 've had a very bad and srtessful day i can relax doing karataev , because it 's the king of spot that it is n't very hard .
training karataev is a way to forget tour problems , to forget your throng routine .
in my opinion , it 's very difficult to ff his advantage with other sports .
apart from that , marat it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
to someone who sorts karataev is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just of to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
technology , is something that is vert important , something without which we an ont live .
today topic is technology .
nowadays we he technology in every thing , from education to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
technology is always parading an it is very helpful , useful and important for development but today generation is influenced hit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
last year , my friend michael wad at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the ida so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a let of friends they can left him .
he pond me and asked me to lent him some money to register th competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the study after long time spending in writing and did good mob he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found but there are a notice on the door say that the competition was canceled , he came back very sac and told me that happened michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
travelling by had is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
travelling by bus is very distressful because the people push me or i ca n't sit down because there ar n't any chair for me .
on the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and i do n't have to stand up .
other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
the ve or aeroplans as a god lotion for long trip .
in conclusion , in the future should have a bus so more comfortable .
nikais19
5 may
dear air diana .
i am writing about a problem at my city .
i live at matas a big city in greece .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings and full of drawings and writing .
the vandalisme in parts has increased a for .
unfortunately when we may to somebody to do not draw the walls by they do not hear us .
cor our city it is very bad because when some new people visit pqtras the she that thing .
paths is a very beautiful cut and for he culture , and fo her monuments .
he to see that baser thin ?
after we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
in my opinion te police should step the vandalisme .
if it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .
i hope you will do something for that problem .
yours faithfully ,
jsesyka stavrox .
all around the world pupils are waiting foe finishing school .
the ate eager to begin a we life as adults .
but when they reach in - between period , confused feelings dress their mind .
as a rule after last exam they do n't know what university to choose .
what they will do in future they she , like in a fog .
in this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first had - work studying period .
ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
by choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
secondly such yet off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional spears .
also they would had an opportunity been involved in volonfier activity .
and thirdly they might work of earning on money or travel .
this year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting me power cor future education .
one year is not long period .
by benefits after year ff will be obvious .
i lice in say michel almologan , this is a village in the municipality of apmoloya de juaerz in the state of mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
people collects teach of their house and wait the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
also , people go put to collect the trash that there is on the kioisk , the church or in th principal places on the village .
dear sir ,
i am interested to improve my english , so i am writing to request further information about the english course .
firstly , i would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible te date exactly , because i need to book my flights .
secondly , i do n't live in cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
and also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost even different option ? .
it would be useful if i can love with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
lastly , let me know if i need to pass any level test before starting .
i took forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully .
rosa .
peter looked at his watch and know that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
they are planning to rob a vert previous thing from museum tonight .
he eyes n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
it is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
he called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
police reached museum and caught rogers red hand .
i am believing that there is no future fo the public transport , king trains is for convient and low expenses also to decrease the carbon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transportation on the economics and environment , governments shall enlarge the people to use the other was of transport , tis subject shall be issued in all media to lead and entree the people to he he right way fro transport .
hello esteem !
how are you ? i hope you are sell .
i 'm writing because i tell you about my last summer holiday .
i went to las hordes .
i stayed about one west in the some my boyfriend .
i had a wedding .
while i was there , i did a lot of things .
one day , i visited mewndro del madero .
it was beautiful .
and there was a wonderful view .
the other day , i walked a lost ad the end the way , we found a waterfall .
the name of waterfall was chorrituelo .
it wax spectacular .
the wedding day , i had a great time and i slept very are .
the wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we te in the restaurant with other people .
however , in the might , we had dinner in a parade and there was a part , all night .
ou should visit less hordes , it is a beautiful sit .
and there are a to of things .
and the people are very nice .
english is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
in china , english is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
they begin to study english at an early air .
they use at least oe hour to learn english knowledge a day .
even kid in kindsrgarten have begun learning simple word .
that 's a good phenomenon , for english is essential nowadays .
in addition to , some people think english is superior than chinese .
in me opinion , though english is for great significance , but english is after all a foreign language .
it is had for people to see age to ye .
english do help us read english original works , but chinese helps us learn a the china .
only by characters chinese literature dan send off its brilliance .
learning a country 's culture , especial it classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
because of we are chinese , why do we give up or mother tongue and learn our owned culture through a foreign language ?
i wad , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , wooylpools .
it is small but comfortable and famous for his big burghers .
woolypoosl is a specialist of real , it 's a real restaurant .
in my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meant , but it is perfect to have dinner with you friends .
i have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
the problem of the restaurant is the place , it is tar from the people and cities , and th space , that is very small for lots of people .
in his like we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
for example , a present or a lift especially if it from you best friend .
once , i got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend have me a flower .
it was my favorite flower i have it ever .
in my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility fr specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
i 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and slim stars deserve to gave a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you jot have a life , not peace , hot a happy .
in addition all persons he the right to privacy and to be free .
nevertheless the journalist stay all he time having a photo , all the time , when they earn , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
this is terrible , you do not have privacy authouvht the society have a blame , because if they do not tame a photo our follows the life of the famous the people border .
so that , politicians and till stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
the is all .
good morning .
how were you .
come here .
get down .
get in to the room .
get in to te his .
let us talk .
let us plan cards .
let us sleep .
let me in .
leg me go .
let me se your shots .
let me watch your house .
let me allow to enter in to your cabin .
forgive me . :
bring that you .
bring glass of water .
drink water .
eat food .
run fact .
stop shouting . do n't shut .
let us bath .
once upon a time was one little at called penny , he was really small in compared with the there .
he hated to be like that because most of the as made fun of him until one day something horrible ad inevitable happen .
it was a dark right it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
all of them fried to find a way not ! , but no one ca n't find one ... they started to get packed !
people just started to evacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
penny was to sad , the only thing that he cab do is to wait nd keep calm .
until the dawn all of the go ou , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no on find something .
like they were very religious ant they prey for he sacred ancestors so they can he them in the big deal .
something that they dron now was that the whole thing was a movie !
so all was planned ...
the actors ha monitor that watch the ants all the time .
on ay penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused bit at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
so they make a plan to display all ...
the next day when they were about to start falling they era no ants their so they search of them , but they ca n't find them ...
in that moment the ants and penn attack them in their banks , making them to leave the place .
the ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
no oe attack the again and the give happily ever after !
i have many favorite spots .
ne of them i 'm keep on playing basketball the bet . i always spend more time on playing it .
i usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
after a hard day at university i go home and when i go to the stadium to pale it .
one thing makes sure that i already finished all of my work before i play my favorite sport .
basketful has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
it makes me free relaxed and unkind .
besides , it also helps me keep fig and have a good body shape .
i really draw
by about playing it .
when i have space time , i often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
i often play baxketball at the stadium in the morning .
sometimes , i play it near sports centre .
i go back home and have a sleep deeply when i finished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
that 's reason who absketball is my favorite sport .
with the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultural land , forest and often had been used to destroyed to build more constructive and transport network .
from my own perspective , i believe that it will bring may drawback to the environment or even human and animals .
to start with , there ate a side range of troublesome it maybe leading to this phenomenon .
convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the present day cities are already packed wit places of residence , commerce and recreation and the and available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
additiobally , people bow continues destroyed more agriculture and forest in order to satisfy all their heed , which will history the exosystem diversity and bidoiversity especially the endangered species .
according to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to dear with this prpblem.fidst of all , reducing building xonstructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
suwtainadle development should be awareness to all human and staff to portent the environment and preserve the animals .
to sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problem would be worked out to resolve before think it words and the governments have to face the responsibility for that .
nowadays the languages and very important , and more english .
his is mot my first time that i study english .
i have been studying english since i wax child and i never speak and learn so well since i decided to go to london one course to learn this language .
i have taken that decision because i was tired to try to learn english and i did not he the level that i want , so when i heard about that opportunity i said yes .
the car is n't the west way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however th public transport is better to do a journey .
it can carry many people without problems .
nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subways , than etc.these option it 's more economical than the war , the problem of the car is that normally the can is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to party your or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the paget health
i any to say something about the learning of the english language , is hair to get to me for the next reasons :
first reason ; the grammar the the learner , teachers or institutes teach , is like the spanish language , my native language .
that i want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the verb 's in spanish language , just imagine you the same buy not in your native lentuaje .
second reason . in the english stasis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , which is the rule ?
is there anyone ?
the third reason :
i love to play cricket .
i am enthusiastic towards the game .
my favourite team is india because i belongs to this country .
in india , 85 percent people follow cricket .
in 199 , indian cricket fear won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favor of cricket and everyone start to fellow his game .
i love this gazed because my favourite sport may belong to this game .
his am is mr. machine rash tendulakar know as little master .
whenever i play the game , i always follow this person .
his stance , style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this me is up to the mark .
not on me bit also every indian always follow machine for cricket .
when he was 18 , he played first game for india .
he is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
he has any achievement like first 200 in one dwy etc .
i love the was he wa played .
of a france first they have to decide what they cot do better , patting or bowing .
if the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , since and of batsnen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bar coordination , discover some shows which became sky factor in patting .
also watch video of sole be player like machine , paul , sit do freedman , happen , was karay , brest lee etc .
as health is important factor in every sport so also never to improve health , lamina .
dear to ,
it 's glad to her you are going to visit to my country .
i am looking forward or this .
i dan give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l was to will have a impressed time .
the weather is neither hot on come all year , you been n't bring to man clothes because you fan bug in here .
if you wan to travel his city . i can be your guide as i have a year free before university to .
this is a modern city .
people usually went here for shopping or eating .
there are many local fools very popular .
you may like this .
i also want to introduce my friends to to , we an have fun together .
when you have played enough in tis city , and you want to find a job here .
i can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
because it is difficult to get a john here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
it may take very long time to in a mob and you have not much time here .
you may consider my advice .
my favorite sport is swims .
it 's because swim is really fun .
also i think swim dan keep our body fit and it can make the people ho swim feel cool when it is in a not day .
the advice that i give to someone who went to start swimming .
it is not be afraid of water , otherwise they lay not learn dim and also when the age become lower it will be more difficult to learn the the little .
so the are the advice the i give to them .
dear camp director ,
my name is side an i am 21 years old . i had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
and i am really due that i am the person that you are finding .
i am monitor in the free tile , and i am looking fo a temporal job to improve my english .
neither i have problem of working in a kitchen , will be clear if i told you that my parents have a base .
according to my age , evening activities are of a problem of me , and i played many sports during my if , such as socket , bolleyball , ...
waiting for your answer , modern
the city where i love is a small village .
all residents take great care of the environment .
organized share , where everyone clean up the village .
all residents aggregate garage thrown into suitable container .
the helping to protect or environment to make it clear , safe , in order to it jeopardized or various disease .
in my village there are trash can , so that no on threw debris on the ground .
there are socejalne place where you can organize bonfires , but everyone was to clean up after themselves and throw out all acreage .
we have the ability to us renewal energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
recently , also on the of of the primary school were et he batteries and the whole school used sole energy instead of electricity .
they organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that polite the environment as little as possible .
travelling in their own car is wag more comfortable an taking a ride in public transportation.thwre are several reason to consider .
firstly , the bus is always drip by to get a passenger that take a more time that expected to time of travel .
secondly , th public vehicle route are more far than usual route .
thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
finally , there is a change to become a victim of theft and pocket picked .
however , public transportation is such cheaper than to buy a hew war and foe the adventurer who want to have an exciting trace for then to see more action .
like watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and met different people .
in addition to this i also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle lived known .
to sum it up i still consider having their own ca is way more says and convenient .
public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
as far as i 'm concerned , i tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
more details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
to being with , extract th mineral ill be harmful to our environment .
the ar breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometownj .
in my childhood , i went there to spend my summer every year .
however , it all probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
three had been an example that the other town is polled by he process of developing the mineral .
no the can den that the pollution issue is on of the utmost important thing which should be prevented .
last but to the least , the mineral extraction will turn ut to be profound influence , especially , to one offspring .
to take my friend , mayor , as an example , he holland were over - developed and become an rid place when she was a child .
after she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her homdtown .
in addition , he has no lithe memory in her childhood .
and problem is that some people will consider the mob opportunity that it might bring to us .
du to the mineral development , any people in our hometown ca probably earn much more money than before .
it seems like a sought - after chance .
nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
in addition , money is no mode crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
in a nutshell , gazed on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
therefore , i do not subscribe to this decision .
limiting cars on the rods would cause te disappearing of too .
the fossil feels used by vehicles cause global warming .
global warming is a serious issue , higher temperature make the ice caps melt .
the longer we barry our heads in san , the warmer the earth will be .
i learn english to improve the general quality of my sentences !
i do n't believe in it , especially while cases are not flying .
even if it will have happened there were many people who ca n't get a far , because it is too expensive , to on fro buying but fo fuel , service and so forth .
boxes are more simple - you must bug a rickety .
and who about trains ?
i saw to about train in japan - that is the future of public transport .
i went to see blue sky and not stream of days like it was in te film " the fight element "
brandon ackie
parliament house
camera at 25089
the 26th of march 201
chief executive officer
carlo albert madero zaragoza
dear cadlos
your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
we have conscience of the mistake , we ha a confusion of the number of ai conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
because your order was confirmed at to at and i that the order was n't in advance we only could end 5 pieces .
since the units were sold in inventor but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do it worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
we hope to keep preferring us .
yours sincerely .
brandon maxkie
my name is chew .
i'm 25 years old and i 'm come from malasha . i'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
i have 3 shillings in my family who are taking cafe by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
during my school , i like to plan volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
we used to organise competition and tournament with others school .
this is my favourite port .
during my leisure time , i like to help my parents in the kitchen .
we cook varieties of food and dishes .
i enjoy the forty and only hands in th kitchen .
wit reference to the above , i will like to apply the summer came b with my full commitment .
contemporary art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
there are many sources and creator , as well as theme .
it is well known that any art orators and artists believes that contemporary art is it a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy sides of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , gut most of the times his is unintelligible .
luckily the most expensive it still being the old , like picasso or freed .
nowadays a lit of empty art pieces are being sold at actions around the world , for extraordinary hugh prices .
experimental art has taken the worlds of are by surprise .
humanity has reaches a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
so now we have man choice and an infinity of information available at any given time .
with his stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
the sorts day were held on was hung sports ground in 12th and 13 th november .
that weather was partly cloudy .
i got the by met .
i arrived the sports round at 70 a.m. this war i 've in the 00-mtere race .
on the first day before the sports day begun , we have the opening ceremony .
the athletic representative passed the porch and we sang the them .
after that , the sorts day began formally .
at 104 a.m. , the air 's grade c 100-metre face started .
there was a funny thing when i wen to the marshal .
the teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
so i know that their was someone whose name pronounced same as me .
near the race , i was very nervous .
when i was running , i hard my hoisemates cheering and the winds passing my face .
that few wa very comfortable and made me felt relax .
at last , i got number 10 but of 27 people .
although it is not a great result , i 've already try my best .
at last of the may , our school announced the make the four house have got .
my house which got number to temporarily .
i felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .
on the second dwy , my classmates called me to take part the enter - class relay race .
i felt very afraid because i was not good at running .
finally , our class got the first runner up .
we have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
i implicated my class from winning th champion .
at last , my house get the second runner up .
i hope my house will get the champion in the next year .
" there is no future fo public transport , because travelling by war is so much more convenient " .
in my opinion , his affirmation is not correct .
we should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of care in the world that polite and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
it is the best that all people go to the place walking o running on the other had it is more healthy .
there is nothing wrong with it go to th place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
i think it is true that travelling by act is so much more convenient but i disagree that there is no future for public transport .
is is commonly - debated that tourism was greatly influenced , not only the aspect of one country , but of the whole world along .
whether tourism had had a positive or a negative impact over out pipes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorant .
first of all , tourism is a toil that enables people to travel all around the world .
alongside with its development , the ability of travelling was earned to such a scale that it is now quite common to commune from one country to another .
the existence of multinaiohals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of localisation , since a traveler is it only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , had played an important par in their growing from an economic going of vie .
there a countries , such as grieve or bulgaria , in which the economy relief merely on tourism .
if tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . ho?perople become more careful at their historical sides , this way preserving them;transpotr is developed both at a small and a large scale :
at a small sale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourist like to teach important places more efficiently .
at a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or aid .
through the development of tourism were born bruises and train vacation .
one upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
the tier was the mon james mania of 25 years old , the herder kill her parents , because the herder were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they will them .
the tiger 's boyfriend was a lion james john of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he git an infection .
he mm fig because some things or someone drug her of the leg and drop it in a cave her other animals at her .
they die when john was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to al the parts of saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
the 3 daughters there so different such other .
the first on names mania junior lie her nom bit she is a cheetah she have 9 heard ole she lives to run and she is the fattest of the family and have a lot of spots .
she is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
th second daughter name elizabeth is a jeopardy is the intelligent of the family and the older of the daughters .
ha 12 years old .
another animals give them rewards or bombs because she discover that water as liquid .
the last daughter was anna who was the youngest of the family is a january .
be stay sleeping in te bed and doing nothing all day .
their parents were angry because she was the only one that over work .
one they animals went with am and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than say sleeping .
the end .
hello friend ,
i know you are searching fir a coat to life for the whole next year .
maybe i found something for you : when i were on the bus returning to home i read a journal with some advertisement .
their is a nine flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year .
there are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower buy without both nd a cool loving - room .
i think that you had to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
write me soon
alesha
hullo rise , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because i know how much you love both .
last night i made a decision .
i think that to should give up from your music classes .
you have classes since ou were nine years old and you already know how to lay piano , so i think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in hour free times you could still play piano without going to th classes .
this is my opinion gut the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me bout it .
love , lines .
hey my name is joke and i 'm 21 years old and ill think ill would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kiss so they can open up and speak .
my current joy is to be a nurse at the local hospital and ill can do everything as a doctor can .
so if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then ill can fix then up instead of taking them to the hospital fr small things like bruises and small injuries .
the most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of june , past year .
i had an exam .
that day i joke up early because i was nervous .
then i revive months as at some , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the ram .
when i started to head the tracks i fell agitated and i thought that i was n't able to finish and paws that test .
but the i finished before the time i was happy and relaxed .
i always aid that i passed that test nd i was sue of that .
and this is true .
i passed the test !
hello charlie ,
i 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
congratulations your sister for your prize .
i would pike to go to a new artist falls competition , although in my city there are n't a not of competition of this kind if i 'd he a possibility of going , i 'd already spend the tickets .
my favourite short
when i was three years old , my agents went skin with me .
at the begin i went to the childgarden ad they taught me skin .
it was a let of fun , because i could not it .
at twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
my father took me between he knives , because i could drive without falling and it was fun .
when i was old , i could et better my area was:"snowboaeding " , but i should learn smiling perfectly like my parents .
later when i was 16 years of , my dream get tried .
i had my first snowbkardlesson und i loved it .
i took every free minute to drive snowboard .
that was th story why i go snowboarding .
i enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you and driving down the sister .
you are like a bird .
it is the best feeling in the world .
to are very happy und sometimes i king a song and the world is perfect .
that is everything i want to have and i 'm lucky .
that 's who i like the winter more then the summer .
snowboarding or saying is the best sport fir everyone who went to came to other thoughts .
although to are all the time in the nature and when you have luck to can see animals .
it had been a very long and thing day , but tom felt he had achieved something really good .
yesterday , he was on his wat to home and it was getting dark .
his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
he started walking very quickly
everything was dark .
she one her eye and the first think that she saw wad the black so .
a dark my without stars .
she got up and look around .
she was in a part of the woods where she use to go to think and relax .
she started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived their .
she ha to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
the problem is the last thing she remember is that she has bee sleeping and then suddenly woe up when the window opened with the wind .
the felt step again , didn't she ?
if she did , how the managed to walk until there in he sleep ?
if sue was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
this situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now be had to talk for almost 20 minutes to get one and back to sleep .
she started to walk to clear her mind .
he knows her way even in the dark ; she he gone to the soft a lot of time , specially the last few seeks .
the development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
in case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we had various option like plan that can fly with the loud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
although compared to ancient some we are lucky enough that we have all these option .
however , if i had given option to choose between all of the , i will sa plane .
the are three reason to choose this .
first reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
it can travel thousand of miss in a couple of hours .
as a result people can save their time .
second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
that lakes it safer to travel by plan rather then the train or boat .
third one is comfort level .
plan is much more for comfortable then both train and boat .
in conclusion , i will say that plan will be my first choice in all of threw means of transportation .
the reason behind my choice is speed , safety an comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to warn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
the young people want to discover te work and travelling to read places which would be unteachable otherwise
i had a wonderful day yesterday because i was in the beach all the afternoon .
i went with my parents and my sister .
the beach is located in a guards and its name is o munro .
there are a out of people in the each .
the later was very old and i would n't swim , then i place football in the sand of the bench .
i took the sub a very long time and then i go to a cage and and i drank a refreshment .
it was a nice day because i spent a good time with my family .
no future ford a public transport ? is his claim or no ?
will we see on our roads the public transport her 5 or eve 10 years yes ? that is really so interesting question
i think that it all depends from the development .
of we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by far .
yes , i agree , if you planed th travelling for a long dictation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on war , house firstly uou;ll spend less them , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
gut if we are talking about travelling across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the question for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by his not only money , gut and the environment , but so people do n't like to us put . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to tarbell with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on of street with enough amount of pwssangers
hello lata ,
thank you for your email .
my name is ashamed and i am 28 years old make from the kingdom of brain .
i go to grm and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
looking forward to know more about you .
my village is the place where i live so i am trying to keep its environment non - polled nd valid of life .
in order to attain this goal i have to take steps nd actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in the public places .
increasing the number of tries and plant and punish the person who cuts them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guide the people and giving them of inflation , details and guideline about the pollution .
i 'd like to tell to about my favorite restaurant tis name is " leo " i go there very week it had different food from any restaurant i 'd like chicken crisp with garlic sauce it 's excellent choice for me and my favorite appirizer is stage and in order that desert i 'd rather " badge " cake with chocolate sauce i feel in at east when i go there i enjoy classical music over having a lunch about te service it 's very good and all staff are respectable i ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts i advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hyfiene really it 's excellent this strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices were jot expensive .
volleyball in one of the most difficult sorts in the world , you should put your body in the correct for to throw the ball to the other side in the fame .
i been twelve years practice vlleyball and because of it i knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
when i was 10 i be choose to play with a group of girls older that me , they were goods , and i ca n't believe the experience .
volleyball its my favorite sport because the i am with my team plating i were in another world , in which i can be free and happy , apart of this , when i am bad , this is a distraction of the university .
you should cry practice its so funny , but i advertise you , is not ready at first , hut you have to intent many times like you should do in life .
in weekdays , i get off from my ned at 7 in te morning to go to my work which starts at 9 am .
i often go to sleep around 12 am .
i usually play video games if i do not had an homework to do .
i am not a big an of sports so i do not pay and .
however i sometimes do a shipping to fit myself .
michael wake up at th morning and he dead the newspaper .
he head in the newspaper an interesting notice .
the notice was about a competition .
th competition is about write stories .
michael was excited because he is great writers and he decided to compete .
first , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
he began to write .
the story was very good but michel do no no how to end the story .
finally , michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
michael sent th story by michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he id n't put his name and address .
yes , i think to can entertain and exudate , because there ate many comedy .
also there are a lots of educate channels .
i think historical channels are very interesting , because you an learn new thing about past .
remedies are so funny , so when you were sad u can watch one of them .
there ar man discussions about the future of the public transport .
different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
people like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
public transport usually is restricted with the timetable and you only may us the transport in the moment that the timetable her you .
for this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because the what to move themselves when they need .
by the other hand , public transport is better foe the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own had .
finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determined the most use of the cars that the public transport .
susan is a little dragon .
he skin is colored red and grew , red dots onto of the green to be more precise .
she doe that very day after school .
of course , she has also a little brother .
hi skin is colored rec , just like the father .
deaf pay !
i haven't written you for ages but i was very busy because of the exam at the university .
what about you?whay 's we in brazil?as you know , my friend john asked me to he him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
so i was there something like staff .
my work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , for foe musicians and things like that .
i get two free r.i. tickets , so i took my girlfriend and we were there together .
when the concert finished , we wen to cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
i felt like a star!ctowded of people were witing in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , ut only me and my sweet girlfriend go them .
people were so envious ... i liked tit was fantastic experience .
next time i would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . you will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
it 's a dual effect !
hope to see you soon
john
the advertising is evefysite .
there are adds in to , radio , bus , streets ...
in spite of this range of media , the to continues being he most important means of communication .
a let of people think that there are too any adds on television but , is like that ?
on one had , it 's true that one programme or series which we her , was a lot of mentions to products or services .
there can be people tired of so much advertising contents but his is completely necessary .
here are a lit of products which have to be announced and a lot of message to report to people .
the to is the most accessible may of communication and people can see the message on this way .
in addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
in one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
to so up , there ar a lot of adds in to but they are necessary and beneficial fore everyone .
my favourite season of the yes is summer .
why am i making his choice you clearly can ask , i love sun and good weather .
yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hit and you van rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
in spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
during summer i life to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing vplleyball or run inside the water of the sea !
i think those activities ar very regenerating and they make you forget about all the darkness of summer .
furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year an this make you feel relaxed .
i really like to explore nature during summer too .
the wonderful colors of flower with the sunshine ar fabulous .
rear a summer calls ,
i saw tour advertisement in the us and i 'm very interested in the position of chipdminder you are advertising .
i 'm eighteen years old and i 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why i end to work in order to pay my yes .
i have some experience working with children from all ages , besides i do n't mind hard work and i learn quickly .
also i 've just go my fe certificate thus year but it would help me a lo if i practised my english in a native country .
i consider myself really active , social , well - organized and above all patient , therefore i think i 'm suitable for this joy as i cab adapt myself easily at an kind of situation or environment , especially worming overseas plus it would be a life experience because i would meet jew people and a different culture .
i 'm looking forward to hearing form you soon .
yours faithfully ,
teres wysovki
it had been a very long and firing may , but tom felt he had achieved something really good .
he finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
it was really important to him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
he was very happy nd he decided to celebrate .
he invited all his friends from term and made a party .
tom wanted me , his girlfriend , to come to .
she was really proud of him .
be was dreaming about being his wife .
she wanted to be his life so had .
but he did n't love her enough .
he wanted to break up with her at that party .
he was waiting 2 hours for her .
he rates that she is always alte .
that wa the main reason he wanted to end it up .
when me came she looked gorgeous .
and when he saw he , his her started to bearing faster and faster .
but time 's up .
he get closer to her and told he everything .
me looked badly at tom , then said : " i 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his some .
he followed and apologize he .
he said he was drunk and did n't know hat he was saying .
then he hugged herd .
he said he loved he and missed her forehead .
he had to stay with he because of ... he baby .
he could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
no ! he he never acted like this .
he knew that he and to stay with be the rest of hid life and raise the baby .
he decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of me .
one day mr was feeling really by so tom took her to the hospital .
he felt that something bad was going to happen .
and he was right .
me has lost the baby .
tim had to make a hard decision .
his life was going to change .
me was bring all day and go could n't stand it .
he has broken up with me and it made her much more sad .
he rid n't card .
he thought it was he fault that she has lost their little human .
gliding in th waves
even if i am not a very interested in training , the sport i really prefer to practice is swimming .
the sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
i started to practice swimming in fool because i was n't able to skin at all , and i wanted to learn .
i have been taking lessons for six months , so i improved so much my abilities .
if you are not a good summer , you lose the bog part of pleasure of enjoying the water , not in the sea or in poor .
practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to lead the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
i recommend that you do n't have to give up before thing , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfaction !
your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practices .
introduction
this report will examine the different activities we in do in our leisure time in castelldefels .
activities to kill tinel
as or town is well - known for one jagnificul reaches along the mediterranean coast and for the olympijc canal of cstelldefels , may foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsuring on the bear or canoeningh and aquatkc skin on the olympic canal .
these activities are the most popular and the most extensive too .
however , i full recommend them , especially foe story , adventurous and young people .
others ideas to have fun
in castellefels , the are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free gumma mastedclass , you beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
as i said , the activities are mot as popular as the activities of the olympic canal and the bench , but the success is increasing more and more .
recommendation
so , finally i suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
if you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time he , in castelldefels !
hi jane ,
now are you ? .
i was glad to hear from you .
i 'm writing to tell you the nest may to arrive at salon .
you will come to the zeus airport , right ? .
well , the airport is located just outside thus , it 's small but it as a lot of services and transport .
you have to face a but because it is more economical than take a xxi .
th us stops at the salon bus station .
when you get oft the bus you should ask someone for the spring street .
it 's near there .
you can all to my house .
moreover i send to a map in order to locate the street .
this is my address : 4 spruce avenue .
i 'm planning your visit .
i 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
i 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
est rewards ,
mary
der sedgio garcon a ,
my name is guillefmo seville tarred .
i am engineer of execution in mines , entitled in the " institute professional virginia games " .
i am particularly interested and i am competent to apply for the post of chief of operations at the ne underground project chiquicamatx .
in first place , my qualities and professional kills term to sit he requirements of your company .
on the other and , i have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies his great project requires .
i am also able to lead the operations of the project responsible and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
my work experience is very outstanding due to i had the privilege of belonging to the " miners el tenienye " as shift manager , chief of operations at " minora angina " and at the evaluation department of codwlco projects .
i really appreciate your time and consideration .
it would be a pleasure to discuss personally why i am qualified for his position .
i expect a prompt response of the company .
without further ado , i remain yours .
guillermo srdillo trrez
nowadays there ate man people that are learning foreign language , fo me is a good thing that more people learn tis , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
firstly , there are more multinafional companies that nee people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language are more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of been promoted .
on the other hand , ate more benefits , for example , if you went to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
finally , learning another language gives the learns the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
today globxlization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , to programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
on balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you had the positively of learning a ne language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
a letter of complaint
julie camarillo
montana avenue n2
post code 102 cceres
august , 23rd 201
dear sir / madam ,
i am writing to complain about a recent package i received on monday last week .
i ordered two batteries mode 002545 because my mobile needs this mind of battery , but i have only received one battery model 001212 .
one north ago i ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online subside .
i have a mobile mode nikita 114 which need batteries mode 002545 .
the delivery was wrong , so now i am a huge hurry because i need my mobile to work ever day .
if i have not mobile i will jot be able to work .
to resolve the problem i would like to receive the batteries by express poor .
the delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , it should be sent with free deliver .
if i do of head from you within the met to days , i shall be formed to contact my solicitor .
you can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
i hope to head from you soon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my one .
yours faithfully ,
julie camarillo
the aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from he useds'opinions in the active leisure club in the last tie .
first , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are here relatively and effectively and he been suitable for different ages .
besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak house and the builders she everywhere and ready give a help .
however , only one thing that we disliked
with the purpose to attract are people to in in the club , besides is good points , i will highly recommend that they would arrange the time suitably and ali they hour the activities to avoid the problems
given is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
design the bank bones a the first and indispensable step .
people should decide te background colour and the network while they he to consider the security issues .
when , killed martinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
the third section is to print the prepared bank bones .
usually there will be 50 had does power chest .
the colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raises .
after that , it domes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
people usually divided the quality in three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
as for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets buy still good , people will cut the separately nd pack them together in order to disputing and distributing the bank notes .
if the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distorted .
in conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank note .
eventhouhg it seems to be say to make them , but every steps news people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank note for everyone .
a better place to live
beginnings
everything began a few years before , when alfred , the major , road an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
he started to think his he could get letter or loves ad he found a solution .
a concerned population
while youngsters is their time trying to get concerned the modest people from de village about the importance of the cared of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned te floor of our public places making a are attractive lace to give than we used to have .
was recycling
local authorities held this initiative creating some place for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycliny center with th purpose of given a new life to our waste .
the results
as a result of this attitude , since alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
people how is worried about the future of our planet and an association had been created in order to promote the care of of planet , green planet is called .
we want a happy earth .
hello his black ,
i 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " hew cloud generation " project .
so we need for help with some questions about the process .
for your information , we are looking for people wit three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
we also value that they have specialised stories in cloud technology , and losing management .
however it 's possible that we do n't fine enough people with that profile so , we could accept people wit one gear of experience .
is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
when and were do you prefer ? ( remember that i work from 8 am to 6 p. ) i suggest we an do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
finally i never you to prepare some profile that you think the staff of new cloud generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than i tell you before in that e - mail .
please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
igi owed .
dear pay ,
what 's up ?
do you remember when i told you i had been helped at a concern ?
it was really exciting and unfoegettable experience and i enjoy that very much .
you probably wo n't believe me but i met all members of dem band , i talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very side man . because of helping them i had he best lace during the concert and i have their authographs on the newest record . i said n't have many duties and some of them were unpleasant .
in general i bad only one duty that is checking quest list , above that i had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
but that concert was worth of my work , so i hope i will be invited to their next event .
working for them was a real pleasure .
i suppose we 'll same each other so and i 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
love ,
doninika
report :
the aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course i did in your branch in madrid last month .
in addition , i would like to give you some suggestions i think it would be worth it to take it into account fro th new course it will take place next yer .
first , i would like to stand out the outstanding classmatrs there were in class .
they were not only really clear people but also excellent co - worked .
working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning an subject when english .
second , the teachers were really good silks to teach .
they managed to encourage all of us every may .
this way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our english level .
third , phone classes schedule on friday came really in handy .
they helped me to pronounce words better the before starting the course .
however , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's am .
this way we ha been able to year a native speaker and i think it would have been worth practicing .
to wrap up the report just way that on the whole he course was fantastic and i am looking forward to signing it again next year .
yours sincerely ,
klan orozco
i am keen on cinema the i love to watch all type of him .
but , what films are in my top 100 past ?
in my opinion , babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storylien that is a to 100 best moves .
i really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
in addition , i think the te settings are very realistic and the actors ha a great performance .
therefore , i recommend that drama gene lovers watch hazel as its message will move you .
it reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
my name is ashamed el - samoan .
i am 20 years ole , living in lost - said , egypt .
i am a student in the 3rd dear of the faculty of medicine post - said university .
my father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
i have one brother and one sister .
i have been doing judy for the past 11 years with a lot of seizes .
my hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
i am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so i am taking a lot of courses and training in his field as i want to be one of the greatest researcher in the world in addition to becoming a member in word health organization ( who ) .
it is n't just a dream in my mind but i work hard to made this dream time true .
last to years , i worked in any places such as a pharmady , a restaurant and the water purification company .
i believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in or life so i chose this program as i want to learn and study , i want to know more and more .
in my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when i changed my career to medicine , i realized hat allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
when i work anything i fell that i have the world in my hand so i can do anything for people .
the of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one the incurable like cancer , axis and hepagitis .
i asked myself man time what is th aim of our life ?
and what are the benefit of work and study ?
but if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so had and achieve their hopes .
i learnt from research that you can do everything in anytimw in addition a little tired can change the life to the better .
i like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the work also , i attended a not of conferences in my field so i think this program is a chance of experience which will help and inspire me fr the community services and development my society as i hope to cone back and teach others what i learn .
i am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
i have seen your avert this morning and i am really interested in it .
although i am a young girl , i think i am a qualified person for the lost .
i am a preschool teacher and i have experience looking after children from 3 to twelve yeas old . i conspired myself quiet patient and fun that in my opinion , the are to qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
i am good to at working in a team .
i do hot like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
i really love being with people all the time .
i do nor think being young will be a problem .
instead i believe it is an advantage .
young people are usually hard - working and active person .
if to require any further information , pleas do not hesitate to contact me .
i enclose my curriculum vital with my telephone number . i would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
i would be really appreciate it because i am looking forward to starting work .
is there a future for privately owned days ?
to be honest , i am not are .
although privately owed cars are lore and are popular , an the a increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely tat this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
mist people today realize that in our cities and in our plant there in an increasing problem of space and pollution .
carbon based feels all not last forever .
i would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in te long term , and it will be necessary to regret to some sort of public transport .
the population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
i now that it is mice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
but it is it going to happen .
i guess that in our future there a no helicopter , and not even cars .
states and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . to
he price for independent transport will grow dramatically .
i reckon that that will change the habit of the public .
even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the mice old train could become important again .
imagine this picture : the first class of this sister , students as yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because the totally can to remember what the have studied in last sxemester .
students would receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 month a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of one difficult courses should be continually studying .
therefore , i agree with the statement that students would receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
more reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
to begin with , there is a general consensus , students all forget the knowledge thy gave learned after a long break time .
for example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of north america before he start to teach the history of south america in the beginning of the semseter .
it is very wasting time and not efficient .
next to go would be , students get use to relay by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
for example , when the smelter start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
in the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
last but no least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
for instance , learning english should be a daily education , if you have a log some without learning english , to would forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
in a nutshell , based on aforementionsd , i totally i agree with the statement that students could receive a better , lore efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
my favourite sport is the soccer .
i enjoy this sport since i was a child , i always remember when my father and my brother teach me to plan it .
my father was a professional soccer player so i think that i inherited this love for the soccer .
i played soccer in different tears in my neighborhood , school or university .
i always enjoy playing soccer because when i am in the playing field i forget all problems .
i like to speak with my team partners .
together we analyze the rival trap and we choose a strategy to win the much .
when i lay bad i fell nervous nut my partners give me their unconditional support .
that is priceless .
i know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a by probability that you and healthy .
so if you are starting the sport you have to do it because you really lie it .
if you do n't like it there are many option to practise whatever spots .
the soccer is not a violent port but sometimes it becomes .
in his wat you had to be prepared for anything problem .
finally i advise that you enjoy playing this awezome apart .
on my vacation i went to new york .
i also went to the amazing niagara falls .
something that made me happy was to she my family .
on september 12th,2014 i went to hew york city .
in the fly i was very happy because i received a let of foot .
the fight was approximately five hours there i watch beautiful moves .
when i arrived my uncle was waiting fo me and i gave him a big hug .
we went to long island because there he gives .
he have a really nice house and i was happy to ses my little cousin " angel " who looks just like me .
in new york i eat so much , i also went to the city the never sleeps , manhatgan .
my uncle had the aaesome idea of going to niagara falls .
we went in car an it wa about 8 hours long .
finally we arrives to niagara falls city that looks like a ghost place .
it does not have too much to do by there were the tall .
i was amazed of how huge were the falls .
they were incredible amazing and beautiful .
i take too much photo because you do it visit places like that everyday .
something that mad me very happy was to visit my family .
my uncle juan lives in united states of america and i was very to hug him because i miss him a lot .
my cousin angel was very happy to see me and me too , we a like splints .
my aunt gave me a for of presents because sue say they do not see me frequently and many other part of my family .
in conclusion i have a perfect vacation where i saw new things , visit aweslme places as niagara falls and time square , receiving a it of present and specially sat a lot delicious room .
most attending students to universities are our of the city where the used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
most universities provide cheap accommodation such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living cysts , where most students have law income .
other students who may have family financial support prefer to fire an apartments to live independently
sharing houses or rooms have may advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , ad learn now to share everything with others . waving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four time than hiring an apartment , nd because it all be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
in spite all these benefit , i prefer if i can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
may years a , i shared a friend in a room fo fee months during a course outside my country , these days where i worst during my life , he wad dirty , speaking loudly all time and did nor sharp the budget of eating . living alone all ran me the freedom to live by the any that i choose and still friendly with all th others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annoying me
although the federal government which is decided as a role of us had many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
the powerful of the federalism which as more liberty for the states to have heir own policies according to their need , is mot always good of the lecture when it may create some conflicts between the states .
an example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit the marriage , others do n't .
also , the reading passage declares that even the federal government met each state function independently , it will control on the main decisions .
this case cases some problems where te lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to us through nevada desert .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and he federal blue each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
in conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause may problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
travelling to a different country can be both exciting and fruatrating at th she time .
i think that any the of trip is exciting ut also have their frustration moments .
in order to enjoy travelling to mexico i would give two important advice ; first try to get along wit travel companion and enjoy mexican fold instead to critic about spice favor .
people say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to th frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
in order to enjoy a trial to mexico i suggest that the traveled find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
this minimal chance would made a if difference when you visit other city .
as an example , if you are able to he alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the rip , exchange some pictures , dat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or walls .
other advice that i would give to people coming to mexico is that enjoy for mexican food .
mexican food his a log of lasting fishes from different states of the country .
or example , there are a not of american people the does n't like spice food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the mexican people used to see to prepare their foot .
as advice i would suggest you to as fro fauces with lower pepper .
in this way the visitors would be able to enjoy mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
in conclusion , i offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : try to get along with their companion in order to are fur and try to enjoy mexico food because it is delicious !
after the internet was invented and revealed first me in august 9th 169 , social media site ( sums ) is the next most significant innovation that had partly replaced for face to face communication .
ms such as facebook went of 700.000 messages , and 10000 sweet are puboicized on twitter each 60 seconds .
surprisingly , social consequences of facebook and twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
however , people who use facebook , twitter or sums in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of rallying .
this essay will force on benefits and disadvantages of facevook and twitter , and also comments potential future of these implication .
communicating cab be achieved , regardless of distance , through facebook and twitter .
the benefit of being from being connected locally to faceblok and twitter is the messages ca be transmitted almost instantly to viewer .
firstly , facsbook and twitter can be used when their users ar in an unpleasant mood , and in there their negative feelings are expressed .
secondly , facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , jokes , messages , eye ) ( olfmeadow , wine , & power , 201 ) .
that is to say , human behaviour on facsbook are interested we with other by sharing their good , and receiving responses .
thirdly , faceboopk ca be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
knowledge about the members increases continually , an moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
( emerald group publishing , 201 ) .
finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through twitter .
fo instance , by following famous celebrate , people an easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
however , us to thus , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a his potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
however , information which is appeared on facebook or twitter and easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
however , information which is appeared on gacebook or twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
mostly facebook user expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what the are doing .
in face , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , thee are also small amounts of aggressive and even racism comment .
first of all , people can past by racism comments which target a specific group or person .
for example , after the premier of the hunger game was released , a van posted an onset racism sweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by back person ( each and schon , 201 ) .
because of the accessible information through sums , it has led to any problems involved with cycle - pulling , cycle - barring , cycle - talking behaviour ( krishna , as cited in williams & mere , 200 ) .
for example , krishna et al.(213 ) reports a can of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called mr .
x " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on cares of talking harassment , treapassing and telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
potentially , facebook and twitter , and saw in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using facebook or twitter without have to view each other appearances .
therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather then have to call them .
the possibly outcome might be the more time people spend on sums , the less communicate mills that thy have .
in addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , facebook an twitter would improve their future to solve the less personal privacy problem .
for example , controlling what posts should be went by adding mode privacy lotions .
however , despite the useful of these implication , people should pay attention that facebook nd twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
in conclusion , the benefits from using faceblok and twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
also people can easily deduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
in contrast , because facebolk and twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
photography classes for everyone
introduction
teenager are constantly influenced by social network like gacebook , instagram , interest , et .
photographs are included in all of those sites .
also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of or daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassilns , to .
as a now college subject
his practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without ant king of special preparation .
however , teaching students his to apply better technique in the moment of taking a picture should be consider as learning to draw .
both skill are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
the reasons
recent studies show the in the last twenty years more than 3000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in te latest generations lifes(teenagersd and kiss ) .
this increase is related with he overwhelming development of technoligies in computers , camera , cellphones , etc .
also , photography is considered as a type of aft , so it required the knowledge of especial skull , technique and knowledge .
what a lovely weather today !
what a wonderful day ! there is an april now and finally spring came .
a bright sun is shining , the snow merged away in march .
the first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
they are singing funny and building heir nests .
people look happier .
they are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
we set out clock forward one hour in march .
the summertime was first introduced in england in 1908 .
the days come longer and the rights met shorter and laughter .
we usually set our cook back an hour in october .
a lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one you more .
hockey as a life style
although all spirits help you to have a healthy like , hockey provides you more then just being healthy or it .
what are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
you think that your life style will improve ?
well to are mistaken .
of down different kind of spores you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
what if you do n't have non of those requirements ?
then you know jockey is the saber .
hockey is a spot i had played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
it 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
it 's a team sport .
however it 's not always as simple as it sound .
to have to train fig as a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
on the other and i enjoy every second of it .
through all my life i have been willing to improve in this sport and since 210 it has became a life style to me .
way will i recommend this to you ?
it would definitely yelp you to grow and improve as a person .
hockey will change the was you see the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
so stop searching for th right sport , this on is for to !
as for as i 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport media for environmental cars .
in spite of one people make enough money to by their own car , electric and hybrie care are more expensive than traditional ones ( the lines who use gas or dieted ) so , people choose this ones and the 's because pollution is several issue that we have to real with .
the environmental care is taking strength every day , from kiss too ancient people .
the government and many companies ate measuring the cot missions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that and necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
if people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional had , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
from my point of view , public transportation will be very important in te future , especially in developed countries .
i think the government will low down the few in public transportation , that could same people to use public transportation nd daring the environment from cot missions and prevent the global heating .
in colsada city council , people are will informed about taken care environment .
the city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of to citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
here are many economical islands .
each of the he three or four kinds of bind and they are not as far as two hundred merry .
the have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river panama side .
nevertheless it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have must of the blame .
since 200 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the cat and they will emit less air pollution .
the organic waste is picked up every say and plastic and paper waste is packed up every other day .
the most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
a problem which was causes by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
my family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
we usually use th public transport , which has a great quality in th city i life .
it works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth .
we lips in a cottage nd we have several bind which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
moreover , we run an organization which pay people who bring us the materials to recycle .
the benefits ate given to several organizations which take of are of the environment .
my sister reaches people that to do with things they sat to rid of , such as bottle or papers .
she is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
it show that tis and of things can have a second like .
as soon as the last river ends the southern order of egypt is hers .
te nile river is the origin of the ancient egyptian civilization that count over 6 thousand years .
all historians , researches , scientists agree wit his .
and as for me , i totally support their point of view .
egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert sharp .
all over the time the nile is the only source of water for egyptians .
furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile land .
the egyptians called their country ' black and ' to mark it off of the ted soil of desert .
nowadays , deep and wide valley of the nine became the out important transport lines for egypt .
through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the nile .
the ancient egyptians divided the year fo three seasons compared to dry or met period .
they knew when it will be the ' green nile ' or ' red nine ' to stock up with clean water .
but such high level of development of egyptian civilization has te negative side as well as positive .
the great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a for of plant and animal .
anyway , a lot of egyptians still living far from the pain after artery of te country and hardly can in the clean water to drink .
but i hope , as soon as egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the etiological problems that high level .
when most people think about an important historical place in italy , thy think of doom , in milan .
but the doom is not the most important .
i am sure you 'll agree that it 's the colosseum .
for centuries the building had been the symbol of his city .
it quote ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourist , who come every tear .
it was built in 79 a.c. by to , who was the roman emperor .
it was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
moreover navy was were represented in order to celebrate woman army .
it is ruined through the ages , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
in my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
however not all people are wars of it .
it 's or strength and every time i go beyond i realize how may people succeeded in building it .
that 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow ou dreams .
in this fats moving words transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
everybody need a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
there is no point in swaying public transport has no future .
travelling through car is a convenient made of transport , but must of th population can not afford it .
there are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and afforfable for all class of people in society .
variety of bushes are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
using public transport is a time waste nd no privacy were some of the disadvantages .
similarly traveling by car as is own advantage and disadvantages .
everybody cab not afford a travel through car as it is costly , buy to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
to sum up with it is not appropriate to may that there is no future fo public transport because both was equal advantage and disadvantages .
sometime i think that tapped is go crowded .
their is no denying the the met in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
however , during the rush hour , there ate always he such a ruin person ho has no public awareness at all .
they occupy too may seats , including priority state .
furthermore , most of them are students .
the do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the act that some people have told them not to do this .
moreover , i think that provide the seat to elders is also a problem .
priority seats , are preserved to those who used , not only elders but also some adult used it .
somehow , not all of them can to identify whether their bodies fee uncomfortable merely fro their appearance , which lead to some misunderstanding between them .
some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
moreover , some old people would take this consideration action fr granted ad they would even command young adults or students offer their set without manners !
in my opinion , the transportation in or city have nothing to criticize expect that .
everyone should develop the awareness of public manner .
television is an important part of modern culture .
we depend on television cor entertainment , education , news and films
to has much benefits :
firstly it enables young people to are cultural experiences with others .
to can act as a catalytst to get kiss reading - following up on to programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work wa adapted for the programs .
television can teach rods important values and lie lessons .
educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skill .
news , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other ruptures an people .
documejtaries fan help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
to can help introduce youth to classic hollyqood film and foreign moves that they might mot otherwise see .
cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
bit television have also negative effect : first of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television her less exercise .
in addition , these children receive less socialiozation with other children .
television also takes away from family time .
this is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
i deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
i follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
i also worked with large and small tears in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
i worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
in many years of work i have hoped my skill in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , firing and implementing practical and easy solutions .
mon - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementint practical and easy solutions .
i have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , i like to work in a multivultural and dynamic .
i 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which i work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skill , always willing to learn , respecting other point of view together finding way to deal .
i work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find be job opportunities .
needs to work my husband has been loving in zaandaml , i want to find a jew job in holland to rejoin our family .
i like sports such as skin , riding and swimming . i 've also got the rescue licence , i worked as a safeguard in the summer studying for the patent paid dive master
nowadays we all hope , that public transport can dave the world .
when we see all this cars in or hands , when we stay in traffic jam , we think the one dy we will have to live our car and us public transport .
if we do n't do it , one dat we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
but , probably , his situation is only period of development of transport .
we are told about a lot of innovations in the sphere .
for instance , goose reported about googlemobile .
maybe , rooms will be able to drive more smart then people .
if they will contact each other and use goiglemap or something luke that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
so people sill be able to void traffic has .
not all people like the idea of googlemobile .
some people think , it might take way heir independence .
ut another of people think that it is not so bed idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , tat they are driver at the moment .
however , there will always be people who dislike to be a driver anyway .
and people who hate public transport , there will always be .
the question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
how many language do you speak ?
did you ever think of leaning another foreign language ?
or do you war to be a polyglot ?
today it is miles tie important to learn a foreign language than before .
there re fe reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
first , if to are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
second , fr finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in he international level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some valued on your profile and you can get a high salary .
third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are so getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
form newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily fire out that out environment is changing severely .
many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , gut forget to protect and cherish th earth at the some time .
high - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
all the examples above will enhance the temperature ad make the earth hottrr and other .
the higher temperature enhance , the worst the giving quality is .
if people around the world could n't put more emphasis on out living place , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
due to the climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
losing enough water supply , people 's body all become weak and rough .
in this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be lore fight , hatred and sadness .
everyone lives in despair , hut fan not find the entrance to brightness .
the terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
friends , from now , met us be the members to protect and take care of our earth !
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it .
the undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
when people now that they were deceived , that the truth were broken , heads will roll .
you have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
the passion for the cause is the sky to survive .
it is just something that i has to do , not you , not he , me .
i did n't choose that , this job had chosen me .
dear sir or madame ,
i would like to apply for the position of bench safeguard assistance which i she advertised .
for the last two years i have joined the swimming group at the university .
i managed to succeeded in many competition in the country and abroad .
i believe i am a suitable candidate fir this post , considering the swimming skill i have .
on the other hand i completed the first did course , in the red cross .
the job would give me the opportunity to us all the experience i have gained and what is more it would provide me new knowledge .
please do hot hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
i am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
i look forward to hearing from but
your faithfully ,
sebastin hernndze
in out modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
in addition to his , people ar working in very distressful workplace and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
therefore , it van be said that holidays she the be option to renew the soup and revive te spirit for people .
in holidays , people an away from early problems and also can take more time with their friend nd family .
in this respect , any people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bed situations on their lines .
for example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sex can be helpful to forget had life conditions .
on the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experiences about life .
people can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
for instance , in strssful life conditions people cab make and decisions of their future .
beside , people underestimae emotional feelings in their workplace .
the reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
it an be clearly seen that in holidays people are betting closer and the remember their feelings .
for example , people meet their relatives that never see fr a long time .
at the same the , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and would .
they can pray for god and it gives a relief for people .
when people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . because people need to leave the material world .
in holidays , people have time to review the mistakes that leads to stressvul life .
in conclusion , holidays are very suitable cor people in order to heal their problems and stressfuo life conditions .
also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in spain .
however , the government and the local councils of in cities such as madrid or valencia , are trying their best to promote his movement because they consider it a say of development .
on the on hand , there re many benefits of cycling .
firstly , it reduces traffic james , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers cot missions .
furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
on the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
statistical cycling is generally considered to be lore dangerous than traveling by ca .
another disadvantage is the weather .
getting set when it rains , having to do a let of effort to cycle to a strong wind , freezing weather or having to deep drinking when hot weather .
in my point of view , cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
no one can deny that travelling by car is such more convenient that by public transport .
fro example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the but or subways .
and his undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
also , we can drive a or to amy place where the public transport perhaps is not able no reach .
when the but is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
first , public transport is old for the environment compared to private ca .
as we all know , the more public transport passengers us , the less war exhaust a emitted per person .
recently , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhaust and lung cancers .
in other words , public transport plays an important rule in protection human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
second , public transport waves city space .
as more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays or cities become larger and more crowded .
correspondingly , the space of each person becomes more limited that before .
provided that every citizen own a car and use it rather than public transport of every traveling chance , i suppose that our streets would become a farming place and everyone would spend more time in consisting .
last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
the drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a sense spirit .
for a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
people can listen to music , take a phone all with a friend , had a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
though there are man advantages for public transport , it does not man that public transport is the est choice fr every situation .
e.l. , it offers less flexibility than was , and is less environment friendly than bicycle .
therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude tat one transport can replace others .
it is better that people are aware of their prose and cross and choose a fat on .
languages for the future
should learn other languages ? .
we lie in a world that day to may changes and people meet to develop their skill and overcome .
i think there and man reasons to learn languages .
on th on had it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
also in recent years to express yourself in english , french , germany and russian he became something essential and very important in our lives to find a mob .
i think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
also i consider that it ends to be hard and tales tim away from doing any other things .
it seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivate and to enjoy learning .
a francisco favor not bidoa , 25 - 4 - 201
dear us summer camps ,
i am writing in response to you advertisement for a not .
i had a part - time job as baby - sister and i rake care of my 11 years of brother very often .
i worked in an easter camp to and i have already prepared lot of activities , like " rapped " , paintball ...
that is for these reasons i think i have the silks for the job .
i dan be contracted for a meeting in the above address .
i hope to considerate me for the of , rtodrigo
today , i went to my wine 's home with diana in the afternoon .
we are delirious food and play interesting games altogether .
we had a great tile .
at 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at wine 's home .
first , we listened to some songs , such as almost and big big world .
after thirty minutes , we had new .
wine loved eating very such so i dan easily find much food at her some .
we had mouth watering strawberry cakes and juice apple juice fo tea and they were extremely funny .
after having ta , we play hide - and - seek altogether in wine 's garden .
adrian and i his behind a bench and wine looked for us .
suddenly , nine fell over a little stone .
adrian and i immediately came to her and held her up . '
you knee is bleeding .
ar you okay asked .
i was shaking like a leaf and my heart is founding since i wad worried about wine .
i ha butterflies in my stonach.'yex , i am fine , ' wind replied .
i felt relieved then .
then , adrian found a plaster and but it on wine 's wound .
wine felt warm inside ad smiled happily .
i felt glad day although wine hurt herself .
why ?
it is because our friendship is more rugged .
what an unfoggetabe day !
in my opinion the house in the future will be better .
house of the future will be big and bright .
inside will be full of convenience .
big paces sill be divided in a new bones .
relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zone an so on .
in house of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in very house .
television will be careless , as his may as at present internet .
every house will be flexible .
thanks to that it can expand or reduced .
everything depends on the number of people .
swimming is my favourite sport .
why do i like swimming ?
well , swimming he always been an olympic sport , it is an individual port so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy tearworn wen you participate in swimming competition .
it is a spot that requires a of of fitness , it is a apart the can be learnt at an age but children ca start to learn swimming as early as two years of abe .
swimming has different types ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reaction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight , it is also the vest sport for the asthmati patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .
if you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
hello paul ,
i enjoyed helping at the concert which was in antayw on october .
i had a great time with people who are working as a helper fro the concert .
i for a of of experience from them .
in the concert time all people dan enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
i saw so many interesting things during he preparation time .
for example they know everything about each helper 's obs but on the sam time they just concern own subject .
i want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
in the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do hot think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
when we were arranging concert plan we made work sharing for all of us .
some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
my job was checking songs list which singers would perform .
i think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of fingers .
they were always wanted to change some sings which wax on the list .
on the concert time i was really worried the something would appear suddenly .
actually everybody can be worried because they gave me and effort fo it .
finally concert started and all the lights were shining like start .
it is difficult to explain that feeling .
when the concert finished i felt like a bird which flying freely .
of course i had some pain in my legs because all the time i was standing .
however , i like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
i what to invite to to our next concert which will be next month if you have any time please some and see how we are preparing for the concert .
i am waiting for you email .
wee you !
technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and ont always positive impart on outdoor advertisement .
from black - and - whole axis posted in public places we have moved to practically love surrounded by outdoor days placed in every available and imaginable spit .
from buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive but stop signs .
the recent developments in mobile technology allows advrrtisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
i'm sure that in the very near future , if i have been looking for restaurant in mallorca in my computer or mobile at one , in my way to work the adds on the bruises i will she - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show image of mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with malaria in it .
it will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful , by i 'm also sure sometimes i will find it aggressive .
the way it feels aggressive to enter a square or place in my than and mind it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed ate .
advertisement might be considered an at , or at least so pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they look they artistic side .
but , technology is he for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
if i could change one think in my life , i would like to change my house .
i 'd like to have a bug detached house in suburbs of artery or vlsdivostok .
so that i would live more freely and independently .
if i had his house , i would decorate it in modern say .
i would built their fitness grm , wardrobe room , swimming pool .
if i had such house , i would like to equip a barber area in my garden .
i could invite my friends and relative .
together we could send time in pleasant atmosphere .
when it times to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
though i am a beginner of it , i think it 's interesting since it requires a lo of skill to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
when i feel stressed off , i always play tennis to please my pressure .
if you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
as the proverb go : if to want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
since tennis requires lots of basic skull , if you do n't learn there important technical slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during the practice .
finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
a skilled coach fan tea you the best skill of tennis .
do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
do we have enough choice in the screen ?
can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
that wad on 30 years ago .
an explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties .
in this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
number of channels are gradually reducing
in our country one decade who when digital to arrived , a it of new channels flourished .
all to tried to get several licenses to distribute their shows .
in order to resolve dome deficit budget , today there are mainly two to groups .
less channels means less voices .
internet to is increasing
it doses less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where an with who watching this or that television program .
you just follow a suggestion made by someone .
you must click on it .
hey have to reduce their budget
despite of hanging channels we see the same mews .
by broadcast groups are used by all of them .
it is expensive to deep journalists and camera all around the world .
it is cheaper to buy it .
summary
to is king .
it is hard to compete with the internet .
nowadays only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
however the fact is tat there is a coutndown on them .
dear mrs hopkins ,
i have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and i am writing to express an interest
to join you small group on a trip around the world .
i am a 20-tear - ole student from switzerland speaking german , french and english and i am see on travelling .
with several trips to many countries i have are until now , i would say that i have already some experience in travelling around the word .
i am interested in to join you group , because i like meeting new people fro other countries and i would like to explore new countries round the world .
for ten years i have been in a scout group in which i have learnt a to about different kinds to find a way or to oriental myself in the wilderness .
furthermore i feel suitable to join your group because i like travelling and i would like to be a part of your adventure .
i look forward to hearing from to .
dear steve ,
it was good to hear from to .
basically my idea is to us this grip to learn as much as possible , i mean , not only the english language but also to know more about you culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
as i told you before i ca n't afford to play this grip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
but i anna find a john to help his with the balls .
dan to give me a hand on it ?
you can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
it will be helpful if you mind a small apartment near the cambridge university where i 'll study english for 5 months .
thanks cor ll your help and i look forward to hearing from you .
be wishes
too magos
hi john ,
i am looking forward to seeing you .
first of all , you should get outside of the airport terminal .
there to will see bus stations in the street .
when you get there take the bus which had number 111 .
the ride to the bus stop " zlin " .
there you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of prague .
if you choose this way , i 'll call to in th morning to well you where all we meet exactly .
but if i were you i would rake a taxi for the underground is quite voting , buy it is cheaper .
anyway , you need to get to the centre . i 'll wait to you there .
finally , the weather forecast fir next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of hear .
that 's way you do n't have to take warm clothes .
i am delighted to see you soon .
best wishes ,
jacob
in my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relating moment for doing work better than before .
firstly , we can discuss type of food we want to sat .
actually , students eat a lot fast for while they are studying at university , because the do n't have time to do food , for these reasons i think that the best restaurant is somewhere when they do home - made foot , and a good ida is for mains course : naked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
on the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , i like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a not of windows , with a white hair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and i think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
in conclusion , i think that this type of food and atmosphere is very fo us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
i would like to go to foster 's hollywood .
i love the food here and i think my classmates too .
you can it the best burghers you have over eaten .
the are incredibly delicious .
i do not know how do they made and took the .
these burghers are my favourite find because hey are amazing .
i can not ay how they are because you have to taste them .
it is a flavor similar to stay in the heaven or in th paradise .
i recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in you mouth and a high smile in your face .
you sill want to come another time .
however , if you do not like burghers you can wat whatever to want of american food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who he eaten another meal .
public transport plays an important dole in of modern may live .
more than a million people use buds , taxi 's and trains etc as tourist , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
may been us cars .
though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
that is who because the most of petrol , dieted and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
while travelling by public transport can same a lot of money in following ways :
1 . people can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
as they have specific routes across the country , than , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurant on highways or even inside the city etc .
i disagree with the statement state above because in future we are likely to have only to classes in society , the rich and the for .
middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
it is because of high taxes on goods .
so , i believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
public transport is even good for our environment rather that cars .
nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching moves .
some of them think that books are more interesting than them firm versions .
i agree with this point of view .
i tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
firstly , reading helps to become a well educated person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
that 's who while you are reading you are getting a pieces of information .
furthermore , books develop imagination of reader .
when you are reading a picture of who is happening appears in your mind .
you an imagine how heroes look like , you can imagine different views , were the action takes place .
an finally , i think it 's very important that you dan easily take your book with you and start reading daytime you want .
on the other had , if you like bwing in company the best way fore to is moving .
because you an watch it with for friends .
as many people chose moves because they like eoundtracks and special effect .
it 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important for me .
i suppose that books are better than them film version .
to sum up , i 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
a girl was walking home one day .
she was with her sum ..
she wa just a young beautiful girl !
so , they were young home when the girl noticed a cut all in a shop .
she ad blind hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves nd black shoes .
just like her ... ''mum i love this dol!dould you bye it for me ? '' she said .
her sum cold n't cent to her , so she bought it .
oh!the girl ha so many special moments with her dokl!!thdy looked so adorable tokgether!they were like twins !
after some years the girl decided that she has to move .
she was eighteen years old , she he to be independent .
so she too a deep breath and put he doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
at right she heard some creep noise from there ...
she went there and thee was the doll with a knife in her hand.''bell , way you do n't plan with me anymore?are you boring of me?juzt because i he only one eye?butg you removed me the other on .
just because i do n't have one if my glives?but you did it agaim!''she screamed .
and then ...
next day , going at her home her sum wanted to mind her daughter .
so , she went upstairs ...
the girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentebce,''shy did you leave me the way ? ''
tennis is an individual sport .
just you are to deal with the game .
you fan choose lots of places to play .
you need a good pair of shoes , a tennis jacket and some balls and person who play with .
although you should be good at playing backward or foeehand , you can rose finally .
this spot is not must about a physical lower .
you supposed to he your brain as well .
it is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
as the other sport , tennis is getting more modern , far and commercial .
i men professional tennis .
some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
it is no fair enough .
children should pay game , nor just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skull , helps to physical health and so on .
you can start if you are grown up anyway .
it is never too late .
either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
enjoy !
war me kate ashy ,
my name is andrew cocci , i 'm sixteen , ad i saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and i 'm interested to work with you .
i ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , i 'm interested in different kinds of food because i am italian , and for us food is everything .
in italy , i attend school for white and cook , and sometimes i cook laswgna , past , penza and many other specialise of my country , and i was assumed in any famous restaurant .
in also good at dealing with people , in fact since when i was younger , i have done the animated at the summer damp of lpignano , the city were i lived , and i went a lay of time with children and adults .
i also worked for many theater companies and i am so good and kind when i talk with other people , also if i do n't know them .
at the and , i 'm also prepared to work long hours , when i worked with my aunt in his made , i worked from eight a.m. and i lasted at 9 j.m. , it was difficult by i said it all days .
i look forward to hearing from you soon ,
andrew foci
essays
in today 's essay i am going to focus on the prose and cos of studying english abroad .
is it really wrote living your own country for a period of time to study english ?
it is thus that going abroad can open new joint of views about your own learning process .
talking with english native speakers is always a good thing because to will be able to judge how well or badly to are doing .
besides , it cab be funny ad enjoyable if ou plan it properly .
however , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will hot be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
from my point of vie i think the advantages overcome the disadvantage especially if you have some money saved for it .
by if ou do it , there is always a solution which is using the internet to learn everything you need .
you an even talk with native speakers by using some chat rooms online such as side and others .
football , a passion
when i was little i had tried a log of sport , handbills , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not and of these , it is a port that i have never imagine : football .
all my like i thought that football was a spot which was of men , it for girls , gut once i tried it , i looked it .
have you ever think about playing football ?
at first , when i started to play football i did it with my classmates , who were all boy , so i used to few a little but uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to integrate me when they play , and nowadays , i live playing football with them .
not , some women and i started to organize female matches , so i am more user to lay with girls . i never imagine that i was being to be so keen on football , but nos it take part of my life .
i think football is a very exciting short , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
on thing you should feel in mind if you went to play football is that to have to be ready to reactive some inches .
i recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
i he been there twice , and i like it .
it name is " the english on " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with british food .
the service is excellent an the waters ate so pleasant and gentle .
the interior is bit , so all the glass could stay inside without problems .
the decoration is modern and copy , and it 's got some great traditional british objects .
the food is one of the best things in th restaurant that is always taste and fresh .
twelve got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
they have also got a lot of different types of salad , past and pizzas .
the deserts ar very good too .
they 've hot original one , like sweet liza , and traditional .
there is a big variety of ice cereals .
this restaurant is it to expensive , which is effect for us , because we do n't went to spend to much money .
the restaurant is in the shipping enter , so we can he there by bus or by train .
i think the is the est restaurant to go on th end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
during whole life , famous people , such as politicians and fly stars , media are accompanying them .
in my view , public person deserve to have their on life , without photographic .
in be hand , becoming a public person associate with journalist , mass - media , flashes .
famous people ar obligatedd to provided their life in exemplary wat .
however , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
people are thought being jealous .
notice an kid of failures .
it seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and the have effective influence on society which masses celebrity through the prim of journalistyic documentary .
in the other and man of stars old their privacy to earn more an more one .
the value of their talent , abilities a count in amount of tabloids scandals .
summon up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the firelight their life .
it had her been very useful for a long time go , nevertheless nowadays , there are she people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
however , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people she do no have a car they new to travel or commune to another place and a car is very expensive .
the care need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a can , you have to may some taxes .
in addition , these people red to have public transport for traveling around the country and city .
secondly , another reasson is he global warming because the atmosphere is much lolled .
if you use the public transport , you dan be less contamination than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
besides in some cities , car can of be park in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
seeming up , people are aware of global warming and thin about the high cost of having a car .
from my point of view , i get used to walking around my city and my cat is just used if i travel around he country .
we are living in a ever changing world .
today 's new things become things of past in few months .
take an example of mobile technology , your latest hands , it latest configuration become outdated within few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people lines will definitely change in such a long period .
however , the important joint to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
last 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobile made us more connected .
today , we have all the information at finger - tips .
today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , gouge maps are always there to held .
we need not to coal english words today , as we can quickly fine meaning of ay word on our mobile .
meeting jew people or selling your products , you do it need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
today or lives have become much more comfortable then past , thanks to progress mankind ha made in technology .
on the other hand a number of terrorist , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
climate changes our to global warning causing natural disasters now and when .
terrorist activities causing havoc in public live .
corruption and greed of people in power taking it difficult to trust people leaders .
if these challenges a not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives fort people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
we need to remember technology is just a toll , in right hand it would be good for us , in among hands it has power to destroy the would as we see it today .
to she jay concern ,
i 'm an italian fire who 's studying to improve her english . i 've got a positive and energetic personality .
i road your advertisement on your webster and i immediately thought " that 's for me , i 'm the eight person for this kind of job ! " .
perhaps , you 're wondering who i should be the right person .
that 's soon said .
i 'm motivate , flexible and openminded person and i had a out of experience in this field as all .
i 've worked as social trains and as educate since i wad 16 .
i love doing social activities and planting events .
when i worked as educated , i used to plan and manage some ports and outdoor activities .
i had a very great memories of these experiences and i would really like to live them again .
if you are interested , please have a look at my ca .
as to requested , i attach it in his mail .
best regards .
personally , mobile phone are very important in my life .
i need that device near me because i have three children an i want to know how and where the are .
the same about my parents ; they ar old and sometimes they call me of talk about their health .
concerning video - games , i agree with scientist that the thought its help children 's brain to develop , hut is important controller them because there were a lot violent games .
however there are brilliant games for children .
in my opinion , the internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
it is very common to see the interest in my work for research or goose information and also connect hit other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
finally , i think technological developments make us improve to the future .
friends should be pike a shadow always beside you .
in the time of joy and sorrow .
nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
it does of mean you will never find one .
it is very important to interact and socialist with people to make a friend .
the more people you will feet th more easy it will become for you to and a friend .
when you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
friends do of have to agree on everything you say by they should share their veins about it .
the guardian is a british daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
you could find a variety of articles such as politics , business and money , sports , culture , education , life and style , travels , the weather and the environment .
there are plenty of advertisements for dogs and donations to help individuals .
readers are able to express the opinion freely .
they use a quality english language which avoids slang language .
as result , it is suitable for students who learn english language to improve their english .
on the the hand , i realised there were two disadvantages .
for example , it is not suitable for children dues to official language . there were also a huge number of commercial advertisements which make the readers bored .
overall , the guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are mary and economy very highly developed .
some people think that we need in tablet computers instead boris
in my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
sometimes then i am watching to or i am leading newspaper i notice that gadgdts become very useful for ou life it seems to me good opportunities to make one life more easily .
also it makes us more clever .
i am convinced that using table computers in our everyday life is rather good .
people do not need to carry a lot of books in a by pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in he tablet computers
some people think that it is a bed idea .
they believe hat it is useless thing for or generation .
such people were sure that electronic things make us stupid .
they insist on not using tablet at school .
personally for me , i like books very such when i at home i use books because i like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
i do no agree with the people who think that tables are useless .
we should use it but we are but nor forget about books .
in conclusion , i want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make ou lives easier
the big mistake
his ay was full of joy and happiness , but something wen wrong after when she told in that she is pregnant .
she was so happy about this new and she though that he will be happy as well , but ...
at the moment when the told him that he is pregnant , he just frown .
it was to much for him .
he thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
he tried to understand hat 's going on with him .
it wad weird how many questions and doubts fame up on his head .
oe part of him wad really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , buy on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
this woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
he should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
but somehow he rid n't feel anything .
all that he felt was anxiety .
he could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
he knew that the loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
the could n't understand what 's going on , because it wa just three weeks who when they had a conversation bout kiss and family and he sad that he would like to have kiss with be .
and now , he just avoid her and he is not happy about the mews .
it was a big miss .
the was more than happy and he could n't handle this mews .
they not new that they love each other an they care bout each other , but it was to much of him .
he stood up an said to he girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
michael closed th door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
to the beginning i am going to take about what is my lovely sorts an why i will enjoy the story .
in fact , i do of like to do some sports during the daytime , but if i really need do some exercises that i like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
firstly , i think , swimming pool is clearing .
such as after swimming that i have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
secondly , i do not like to go to beach , this is because i do not like big sun and sans .
third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
however , i like to way in the swimming look during the summer .
actually , i do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
moreover , i think before and kind of spores that we would do some exercises that is because we need to relax out bodies first . if we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are down any sports .
in conclusion , my opinion is i do not like to do any spirits ut we been to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to show .
the purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
in the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that acres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sleep , cows and pegs for centuries in spite of the hare weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
as a result , our water resources as difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational sue of it .
the local government is also taking strong action on clearing green dress in different places in or around the town where citizens fan sped their free time or been do sports .
that 's the reason who it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parts or recreational areas .
finally , the gown has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycljng of waste need .
in fact , around 90 of acres inhabitants ate said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it it to the fellow , grew and be container in very street .
and that is the negative point , these ulsters are toi visible in town and it would be advisable to change the does we have for underground ones .
i wore up today and i just remember that i was doing a presentation about landscape , and the ones that do it ill reward a bonus point but anyway his is n't important information .
i searched my family in the house and there wax no one in the home , just me .
i get a bit scared so i search them outside in the streets .
i did n't knew that a bomb hit on the city and killed almost everyone , now i have to find my parents .
i think the reason why i did n't how about the explosion is because this part there i love is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were do the explosion hit .
finally in sole days i found some neighbors with some food , i was starving to death so i we a lot .
we mare so incentive about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some find was missing somehow .
i think that someone days some of the food on he nigh while everybody is sleeping .
so everybody is gun na they to enforce the last .
in the next morning i ate a piece of speak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
in the night i was thinking about many things just when i heard some noise .
i stalked him and it seemed that the guy has a up .
i stop him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
we were taking about this when a dog just can head ; it was adorable must when he converted into a big weird creature .
he big my leg and it hut a not , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
we saw that beast eating for friends and the foo .
in some ways that she robbed the foot in the night and i sake up it was good for my survival .
but if i had te opportunity to reverse the trend of bow am i going i would of do it because i have to face all of this .
doing exercise is go for gouge health
why do you have to exercise ?
what benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
do you know that 75 of people in mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a fig problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of way mexico is the country with more obese in the would .
doing exercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you exercise you feet well with you re serf an you re body .
there 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise like reducing or take control of to re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you can lake a lot of friends while going by exercise .
not day there 's a not of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , basebaol , or you can simply go to the game or practise cross or something like that .
soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lo of friends , you in away i , but you also need some skill because it 's not easy to control the ball and double to 're rival on the field .
i recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
this composition will explain the two different opinions .
firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
also , unlike public transport such as boxes and underground , you have much more comfort and sleep .
there is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
on the webster of the scottish government ( publication " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old not explain  - i prefer going in the far , it 's quicker ...
there 's not as many people around you ... i prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . 
although they and may positive points about private cars , they ate also negative knew .
indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive .  - on my wage , even the driving lessons ar expensive .
then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
obviously it would benefit me if i worked in edinburgh , but i do n't work in edinburgh .
 says a 17 - 22 years old of .
now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
according to the sign time , there ate a lit of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
the main reason is that the cars ' ones ate drunk when driving .
it is clear that if the took a bus or a taxi when they her drank , it would not have as much accidents .
finally , may developed countries on the world , such as england , america , canada , japan an so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic am have been decreased .
as a result , the economy has been increasing .
from this analysis , it obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
topic :
do you agree or disagree " always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship all be my opinion .
even though being youthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting other ' feelings and is unwise .
another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employe .
it is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
to further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
fir example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes mot fitting in the occasion .
people usually end not telling her the truth since it could make her feelings .
instead of down so , people may praise her with other things on he .
in that case , they could still are conversion without bowing her mood .
the other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the tim it is strange and inappropriate to take oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just get acquainted .
if their are questions about things one do not went other people to no , the might say a little white lid which usually does of matter too such .
if i wad having a day of to go to a doctor , i would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that i just had some errands to run .
their are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or of .
last friday , michael and i wa in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
when we were in the class , suddenly michael walked towards the door .
michael closer the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
due to this , were not called to meet the headmaster .
i could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because michael had closed the door .
the door was n't broken into pieces or fell down .
my curiosity had put me in a big trouble .
i asked the headmaster in a polite way ad hopefully he can gave me the answer i wanted .
however , things do n't happened lime who i hoped .
i ended getting expelled from the school because teacher and th clasemates suspected michael and i steal our classmte - all 's wallet .
i could n't imagined the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any change for us to speak out .
i finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
we wiped off our tears , and waved our hand wen we left the school .
although , one day later the headmaster found put th truth through act , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
his is because the teacher has a based mind .
dead us summer camps ,
my same is biahca padobesi , and i have read your advertisement for the job .
i consider i am the right person for this mob because , firstly , i speak client and clear english which is very important to communicate .
also , i have a good relation with little lies , i use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weakens and they love spending time with me . moreover i am very energetic , always aware and ready to work hard .
furthermore , i am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as i can invent new and entertaining game for the kiss to have a great time .
i like making puzzled or games which imply running , jumping which ar important for the kiss development .
i am it very good t cooking gut because i never gave tile to dedicate time on that .
i think the if i march and learn how to do it i would learn very fat and can dominated it .
that is a hood quality of one , i learn thing very fast and i also an get used to be thing .
i am very excited about this job and i how you reply soon .
bianca
day number 8 .
we were ready to go and find the other , we went outside the shelter we built and write in wall dear to he shelter " safe on " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find some supplies ad army to survive .
we start our journey and young in the forest , there was a lot of # posts on our wag there were various his that her sick we would n't do anything except foe , keep going , i was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , i was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
i thought that maybe my # geneva were actually immune to the infection i could actually be the # revolutionary guy that held everyone that was in my # skeptics and i was really positive about it bit # notwithstanding , i would n't actually sacrifice myself i have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hand it wa # conventional to help the entire world but i do n't want to she . while i was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group on of those guns we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walker .
we needed to find the ones that were still alive or at east tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunter started everyone was hungry and we haven't date anything in a new days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nitritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
we found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
we got close to the pharmacy the wax no walker inside so we run into the pharmacy and close all the door and i got someone to neck us in the night i needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
in my area there re many railway line and they 're often overcrowded .
by private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that turn is the town of fiat , the will known factory .
near to your home , there are many supermarket in which you in easily by all that you ned to live .
when you have to pay the telephone an energy bill , you can do the in any tobacco hope bear to you home .
if you like shopping , in the erimeter of the town , their a some big supermarket , which hold may items of the may great factories of europe and above .
like all the industrialized countries , a connection to the internet is granted almost fo each area and each building .
at the end , the tax are present and they over all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the english on .
there is an opinion that famous people , such as celebres , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private like , deserve not to be under constant observation .
to my mind there should be a beard between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
in my opinion big stars should be all to delay and take so private tim .
as fr as i 'm concerned three is no on who feels comfortable when is under surveilkance of people who wait to face pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
unfortunately , his is a part of caleb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
but on the other hand , there should be some invioplability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
this rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
i know that catching celebrity doing cleaning or taking a do for a wall is a shocking new fir people who road tabloods .
to my mind , they do not believe cells are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
so , as you can see i agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and th ability of having normal life would be also given to them .
the made runners
i recently watched this hew calm based on one of the hooks of this worldwide known author .
as i gave an interest in tillers , i decided to give it a try .
th poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue nd mystery which made me takes the decision to watch this firm .
the film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-ydar - old boy who funds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
he has no idea of he ended up there .
however , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious made .
the people who lives in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves fro the means of the made .
he took the role of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maid and look for an sit of this place .
still , they only have the daylight time to explore the made , as when the sun gone down it becomes very dangerous .
the film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having it exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the may .
i heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenalin while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
i 've been playing bolleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many ore , what i love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
i love the speed of volleyball , must of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less then a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in hat amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , and seed the energy on the floor and head the noise from the crowd you 're missing of .
personally winning such a met make me feel like i could do anything , but when i do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
i am always trying to jump higher , it harder , past and met better , and serve in more different ways .
i live in jew eltgam .
my area is vert clean and very green .
people there as very friendly and helpful .
it is a good place to love .
one time or week on wednesday , rubbish are taken .
of course cabbage is sorted into different bind .
the is very good idea , because that rubbish undergo a recalling .
al my neighbors in the same wat collected cabbage .
very body care about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the garden .
especially spring is a not of colour and pleasant doors .
hew lethal have beautiful paris where you can relax from the busy place .
green time in my town is really fantastic .
i have recently eaten at back war restaurant , a typical civilian restaurant in trecastagni , a little town near ataxia located under the ten volcano slopes , and i round that restaurant was easily the best i have eaten in .
there were two rooms , smoking rook or hon - smoking room .
the surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cost , the waters were very friendly and information .
as i was eaten with my friend more and his father , i managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and i really liked chianina best , it wa very taste .
all te ingredient were clearly fresh and of th highest quality .
the price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal cane to about forty burst per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
but i would highly recommend this restaurant despite the face that the meal wax a little expensive and i will no doubt be back or other dinners .
drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
they have been present in our societies since ever .
connais , heroin , speed are some examples of substances the re rally we - know foe all of us .
realization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that the measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
imagination his a like with the illegally of this activity .
also this illrgality is he guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
the real problem comes when thus entertainment become in an addition that can destroy our live .
i think everyone has prove some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and i do it believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone need to experiment and try new things .
but we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not or daily life because it is very dangerous as one people are nor able to put deadline to themselves .
finally , retaliation of drugs means that the would be table nd we know how the taxes work in or country so i do not know if it is a good idea or not .
hi shroqo ,
that sounds great , i 'm so happy to head that you are coming to said arabia , i 'm on na be able to see ou after a long time .
but unlucky , i 'm having an exam on thursday so i ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 130 then we can go to have lunch .
my school is really easy to find , go straight hear onto aojameah street when turn right beside the farce of ka university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
so excited to see you !
bye for now .
nous .
dear les ,
firstly , spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
in that time , it is always funny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
if you want to see one beautiful scenery , you must go to barcelona where you will be able to se la sagrada familiar , which was bill by antonio gauze , or la algebra in grand , which is one of the seven wonders of the world .
in madrid you cab go to visit some museums , like the ring sofa or el pride .
on th other had , if you what to see some wildlife , you must visit cqbarcenos national park in cantabria , what is like a little salary , or doran national dark , which in that period you can wee some migration birds .
if i were you and i had a completely summer to enjoy spain , i would way one week in each place , and i rest a ca in order to move between the cities .
i recommend you not to tale warm clothes .
i hope you enjoy your summer .
adrian .
bath simpson is my favourite sectional character on to .
he is the eldest son of the simpson family .
bart is then years old and is a typical american child .
he his yellow skin and gig eyes , he is bond and has gotspoky hair .
bart always wears a red t - shirt and blue short .
the most important things for mary is to be he most popular student in his school , cor this reason he is always misbehavong .
hid parents and the school principal often punish him .
bare is energetic and clever student but he is as a bad student and he nates needs .
although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he hers his sister when shew needs hm .
in the simon family all the characters are very funny .
a lot of magazines say the simpson is the best cartoon series in history ad i absolutely agrees .
for me , part is funnier that homer , although not magazines say that homer is the best character
it was one dreary rainy sunday morning .
i was n't in the too to go out anyway .
everything suggested that i wo n't yet out of the house for quite a while .
suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the odor .
who on earth could that be ?
who would have even bother to play me a visit during the bloody awful weather ?
my concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " i have a letter fr mr. samson !
" i was quite surprised , to be honest , i had n't received a letter for months .
i opened it and quickly scanned the test .
at first , i had observed the letter cautiously , but the i noticed my uncle 's name in it .
although , i had n't met him a single time , his letter was his last will and i learned that i inherited a good deal of money .
fifty thousand ponds , to be precise .
exultation seized my mind instantly , but i son began to worry : " what will i do with this amount of money ? "
well , the task i have chosen is about the then where i have been staying for last ten years .
actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
i am very much worried about the town where i am staying because everybody of this town is not both about rubbish things they do every dy .
first of all they were vert dirty by nature .
they are very casual with the environment and the important of cleanliness .
so called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their on town .
all the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and been do n't bother about the oder of the municipality .
i see all these during my morning walk .
what i feel is the everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and side surrounds the .
i am upset about it and whenever i get a chance i speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they a also the same in nature .
people are now serf - centred and very narrow mixed .
though they as becoming so called educated but in real sense the are still savage .
dear mrs. ashy ,
yesterday i was in green pepper cafe for a meal with colleagues and i had seen the advertisement for a job at weekend in your cave .
i am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
i am a tourism student and i need to worm at weekend to pay my studies .
i had worked on year in london as waiter in hard rock cafe and 6 months as writer also in bafcomi 's cafe in berlin .
so i have experience in service , costume care and working long hours .
i know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiched , fish and fires , hamburgers , italian past , etc
i am also very good at dealing with people , i have never had a complaint sweet !
i have total availability at weekend and also in summed .
i speak spanish , english and german .
please , find attached a copy of my ca , which expands on my experience and achievements .
i am looking forward to taking wit you out the possibility of working in this position .
i am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
thank you for our time and consideration .
yours sincerely ,
marya liza castanets del avuna
nowadays , public transport his become a major topic .
the idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , hut this idea is rejected in developing countries , luke the be i live in .
as a matter of fact , car ownership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
the possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting tile in a long queue .
nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
there are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by and other means of transportation then the one provided by the local government .
there are countries were gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the us for rather than paying for a full tank .
similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a may to reduce heir overall expenses .
to conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people give it .
there will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where the will been it as long as their economy needs it .
people need easy , fact and cheap solutions .
in general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a us .
it 's but near your house or your office .
you do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weight , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
but if you she sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
and also more enjoyable : you can read listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and boots .
is the car faster then public transport ?
it depends .
the traffic can affect cars and bushes at the same level .
sometimes cars she faster then bushes , sometimes busy are faster .
speed trains are always faster then cars .
speaking about money ? travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
bit , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cases are not so cheap .
in fact , in every aspect there she prose and sons .
what about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
public transport is absolutely better .
so , even if travelling by war can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizen and strongly supported by governments .
informal letter fo can ( part 1 )
dear jan ,
tank you foe you letter .
i am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
from my experience working at the international company that organisms music festival , i can assure you that it will be of great is to you .
i am not sure , however that this of will meet all your requirements . .
in my case , the only opportunity i got for such activity was on the 22nd of july , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
happily you will get the chance to practise your english skill .
in my case , i ha to translate a good amount of tents , and also help english tourism to et around .
though if ou are looking of additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .
all i was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone called an make coffee for tourist .
all in all , the experience was beneficial .
i made plenty of money , so i would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if i were you .
when you decide what to do , do jot hesitate to let me know !
take care of yourself ,
davis
the past few weeks have been really tough for michael .
this whole business started to get on his nerves .
he has to deal it it , the sooner the better .
for now one think is clear as day - the one he is in love with is alike , not angina .
the one he date is angina , no making , that 's the problem .
he ca n't dump any just like that , they 've been friends cor years .
be 's not and .
and he has to up stop to this without hurting anybody .
so yes , the decision is made .
he 'll break up with her .
probably , even tomorrow .
it all started in such an idiotic way .
th door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and angina happened to too in to borrow a lighter or patches or something to light up a cigarette .
mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sez - perhaps , at the time he was passed at himself for not having balls to met the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , kaluga 's family and so on , but this is wat happened .
and that definitely was not he right thing to do .
at the moment he i n't realise that .
only after , when angels left , michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistaken .
dear sir or madam ,
i am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your webster .
at th moment i had passed the second year of secondary school and i am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
i home i will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
i speak english , german and polish and as a councilor it is very handy .
i am very used to dealing with young people as last year i worked at a scut camp .
moreover , i used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week i would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
i am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and i can take control of difficult situations . i am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
i am also an accomplished sportsman - i am a strong swimmer and a qualified safeguard .
i attach a reference from tkmasz jzworska , who wad my boss at the scout camp .
i would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
i look forward to nearing from you .
yours faithfully ,
xhz
well , i would luke to talk about my school life .
i 'm seventeen years old and i 'm an electronics ' student from italy , in the north .
i with to be a great engineer one day so i 've decided to continue my studies at university .
i 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; i have world hard since the beginning of the school year .
there days i started studying english in particular because it is the most important language in the work , so i need to know it well if i want to communicate with other people from other countries .
school is my life : i study about seven hours a day , especially method and electronic that are the subjects that i like more .
my teachers are very good at the joy so i hope to be like them one day .
the bog problem in my class are the majority of my cpassmates : the are hopeful at school and they waste time going nothing at school and i think even at home .
the thing that more annoy me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
however , i do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
coming back to my dream , i would like to carry on with my studies in london , at the imperial college .
i hope to be at a good english level because next dear i am going to take the intermediate certificate of english and then i am going to try enter at this school even if i know that it 's very difficult ; the imperial college of london is one of the not important universities in the whole world .
puerquitouf : a great experience to our mouth .
nowadays it is difficult to in people who enjoy the food as much as i do , because the calorie , the lips they are going to gain and ll that stuff .
i arrived at mexico city one month go and i met an old friend from high school , vicomte .
we discovered our fascination with food and ' the puersuitour ' wa born .
then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
the first day started in an important date  to day !
tacontento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed clamber al pastor and drilled onions , accompanied by old hearts .
he to puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with diana , one of my friends from vancouver .
again we age taxes , but this time thy were special .
the have of the places is faces la chyle and faces are gourmet there .
it means that they have different taste of todtillas vanilla , strawberry , chipotl , normal , and walnut , among others and salts -tamarimd , gave , many , guacamole , etc .
that dwy did of finish with the tact , after a walk in reform and a long paused in the independence angel we went to move theatre to watch he art movie revoir while we and corps .
third say was one of my favourite , th place is soooooo nice and the decoration and eve th attire of the waitresses mass you feel into the 50 .
la papa guard , which is located in la contest , offers bake potatoes with take of famous women and lovely drinks .
totally recommended !
ma azur restaurant , in the north of mexico city , was the allocation for the fourth day of puerquitlur .
seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are dreaded shrimp , fish filled and shrimp al pastor and coronet water .
fifth day , it was time to eat more faces , the place ?  el asqdero hidalgjense .
you have to be starving to eat a kolcajete by yourself , it is just too such for one person , so if you did it take breakfast it is a good lotion or you can share it with an amazing company as i did .
do n't forget to ask for a bitter of beef .
almost a week in the puerquitour .
the sixth say was to celebrate magna 's final test , a fried from with school , who already presented it to get the master degree ; and the farewell of vicomte , who is already at the us , and that i will go to the up .
because we like the for , we celebrated eating in kemelas out .
you ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like headache but bigger and very delicious .
the desert ?
if cream in tepoznieves .
because vi was almost with a goot in th us , we spent all day together .
seventh say started it a really nice breakfast , bouquet sandwiched and rose petal tea .
then we went to a book fair nd visited some bookstores dowsntown .
the plan as to dinner at militia gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at el huequigo the traditional al pastor special accompanied by black beer .
the last day of the ouerquitour was accomplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at sgarbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
i love to spend tim doing what i like and with people i love .
do n't forget to practise and enjoy puerquitlur ! ! !
these first two chapters extracted from great expectations by charles dickens introduce a young boy known as pp .
this lid ha ben raised by his sister , a person ho mistress pp and his own husbands .
sadly , pp has no fortune in any possible way .
moreover , he is just a regular lid with a terrible life .
beside this , lip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
he does not us complex words when he talks , bug he uses them when he narrated .
also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a did who only feels comfortable who he visits the tombstones of hi parents .
obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but i think everyone would ten to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
at past , i fell sorry for him and i would like to find that his study has a good ending .
he looks like a good boy that lives in hell nd the devil is his sister .
nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonit and the wag to tell the actions is th reason why the story can connect with the render .
actually , the narrator is our portagonist , but telling the short as an adult .
and the author does not try to describe the prptagonist with words , but with actions .
the narrator did not is and description of th protaognist apart from his name .
also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a yes occasions referring to his own words .
this exception can be read at th end of the first chapter , there the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of room he could , and he would come to the thief at the battery .
apart from this , he just writes exactly what the character said .
the voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
he only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he yes jot have an omniscience power .
however , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
also , he describes his parents in a holarious may , imagine his father as a square , stout , dark nan , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstones .
these twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over th text , accompanied by even mode twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapter , when he describes the an who stole him as man afraid of th dead bodies in the rgaveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes the to abuse out protagonist , with the exception of joe .
the narrator does not take an effort to describe psychological the other characters , he focus on their appearance .
actually , we on now that mr. je tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think bout her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
the narrator describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
an we know that god is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , east - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
also , the way the characters take is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
in fact , the dialogue of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the chief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentence with complex structures .
this kin of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually took with short and simple sentences .
of instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" my sister , mrs. joe artery , was more that twenty years older than i , and and established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
having at that the to find put for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be such in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , i supposed that je artery and i were both brought up by hand . "
on the other hand , the dialogue her simple and shorter :
" how looked here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . you now
what a full is ? "
" new , sir . "
" and you know what titles is ? "
" yes , is . "
moreover , the vocabulary use by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
pp uses a rich vocabulary , rising a lost of mental serbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
the marsh pointed on the first chapter is good example .
regardless , the dialogue are written exactly as they were said .
the third said " who 'ye with ? "
this is written as it is said , making it are realistic .
notwithstanding , the may this novel is narrated is the protagonistg .
the events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without falshback .
the story is narrated as it happens .
the second chapter makes reference to te first and reveals something about th the .
also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
the narrator reveals not so much about him or th other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
the thief disappears , gut th first chapter ending make us feet various about their met meeting .
therefore , i do not know who the story will end .
too much mystery nd just a few facts ca be read in these charters .
all i know is that this story will nor have a happy ending .
probably , the thief will take lip to an unwonted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
i would like to read a story where pp ends as he starts , at the graveyzrd .
like another rico in the wall , another tombstones in the graveyard .
i would like to head a tory without tale , just a regular man who did while he was learning to live .
obviously , his would be difficult as th narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
this is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography do not exist when he was a kid .
consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
if the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting one adversitiws ; if to , it is a ad story .
anna knew that it was going to be a very special day cor her .
she has bee waiting so long for this day to come .
it wa the say when she was going to meet her biological mother .
she knew be was adopted side she was 7 ears old because her parents told her about it .
she i to feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels lover by them .
after her 18th birthday , anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her biological mother nd why dix she have ann away .
after finding the adoption papers she contracted th adoption agency .
she convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to now if he biological mother would be a match of a kidney transplanted " .
even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and he contact phone number of sera yielding , her biological mother .
a month passed by before he had the courage to dial that number .
she hesitated several times because the was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
after a fe seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
at the beginning anna did mot say anything , the could not utter any sound .
but then she said " hello , my name is anna and i think you are my mother " .
after another few seconds of silence , anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of question .
they greed to meet the new ray in the park .
she was going to have so many answer to so man questions .
anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is who she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
the not exciting day of my life .
last summer i went on holiday in sardegna , in italy , with my family .
on the first day i was very angry because my parents did n't take with us filarial , my best friend .
but i changed my mind when i heard at the radio the felix madman , a swedish singer , was on holiday in sardegna near my hotel !
i love him and my dream was to meet him , but i know it was impossible and my parents do n't want to drive me to his hotel , so i was quite sad .
unexpectedly , the third say , while i was swimming in the sea , i saw some people in the distance and some camera , ut at the moment i thought they were making a video .
then , i realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple by , he was felix !
so i went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
i was really exciting !
then i went to him and he to a photo with me .
he stayed there a few hours and i spent the best dwy of my life , asking him some questions and winging is dogs .
when he left i was sad but all really happy .
his was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
l'albero , the but penza west of ilya
one of my favourite restaurant that i am always hungry for is l'albsro pizzeria , located in the helen neighbourhood .
as you water the restaurant you know the penza is going to be good .
the walls and covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds next pips .
the pace is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or must friends .
my only complaint is thee are to many delicious choice on th menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
so far i have never been disappointed .
to start , you must cry the rose wind salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bows made of penza crust .
as a main dose , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their penza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic italian penza oven .
besides the great atmosphere and the delicious a , the service is friendly and efficient .
the staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
also the prices were incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 europe per person of two different dishes , drinks and desert .
i completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
i promise you wo n't be disappointed .
the best places for young people in sublime
his report looks at the best places to visit in dublin for young people from a different country .
it is based on a survey of he young people from whitehall college as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
it seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be temple bar .
it offers a wide variety of activities luke museum , a cinema , a very large green garden and many tubs to choose from .
the johnnmie box pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a once mean in one place .
the open cinema offer a multiple choice of moves in 2d nd 3d nd a discount fr students on wednesday .
the dublin wax museum wa suggested by many students .
several people said that national botaxnic garden is the best place to students to kept and spend time outdoor .
on the whole there are activities to take part in and may places to visit depending on students preference and finances available to them .
it is true that people everywhere like watching spots .
sport starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
in this say not sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
from one point of view , top athletes ate good models to dilate for several reason .
firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenager start to desire to be like their idol and to follow professional sports .
the means the will any to plan sports , which is essential fro their health .
secondly , young ports also reaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
the importance of working hard to achieve goal ad practicing regularly to become go at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
this is a good example for youngsters to follow .
from another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are to good rule model .
firstly , sport was become business .
many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
his ca lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of leaning how to play all and having the fun of the game or the competition .
secondly , the are those athletes who behave disgustinbly .
for example , some take drugs or beat in oder to win at any cost .
it goes without saying , that this kind of behavior send a wrong message to the young .
in conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good rule models for young people .
on balance , i am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent rose model for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sport .
dickens and the bronze sisters use the dame style : realistic style .
they are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : dickens the city of london while the bronze sisters te natural landscape of the yorkshire .
dickens and charlotte bronze often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protaglnist of the study .
this relish is different : in fact dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he sides pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricature of the vices an virtues he wish to portray , while the bronze sisters use realistic style lace with romantic and gothic elements , like chronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologixally complex .
he graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in european country from 199 to 2004 .
of he given source , the overall fish and mean consumption ranged from nearly 60 adams per person or week to roughly 230 grass per person her week .
from th 4 source and , 3 of them remained a steady decline with th exception of chicken consumption which had rise over the 25 year period .
only fish consumption showed little changes during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the sane the level of 52 grass per person per week .
both lake consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 99 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 frame per person per week in 199 down to just over 50 rams per person per week in 200 and beef consumption fallen from around 230 grass pe person her week down to just over 120 grass per person per week .
chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 gram or person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
overall , it is evident from the grape that sole seconds declined , others those and on remained stead consumption over the 25 year span .
dear mr. terrified :
my name is dmitri uvarov .
i 'm a posdtoc in russian cancer research center .
our pay works along with alexis hervieux on his study of again .
recently he has visited moscow and whole we 've been having conversation i 've mentioned that i was looking for the opportunity to work on posrdoc position abroad .
and since my great interest is to develop my stills in microscope and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology alexis told me to try and contact you .
our conversation with alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in tour lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodoloical and research skill .
not to mention the participation in pioneering study .
my own work is dedicated to the stud of changes in well - cell contact and in action cytosksleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
earlier i had a publication in plot on with description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of act bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
thereafter i studied accumulation of carious satin - finding proteins and action informs within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
on the coarse of this investigation i have obtained some promising results which i 'm going to report on the cubs - mb conference which sill take place in paris in the beginning of september .
also i 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
yours respectfully ,
dmitri lavrov
u.s. there are my ca and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
diary lavrovf
u.s. there are my ca and a copy of my paper in te attachment .
i am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , i am referring to luck city .
i visited hugo last summer and i enjoyed myself very much .
i walked through the or city , through is beautiful squares and parts and i visited its numerous churches , including th cathedral .
there are a let of places in hugo worth visiting .
for example , you can walk around the roman will , which has been declared a protected unesco world heritage site in 2000 because it is the only roman will in the world that is complete .
i think that go is very beautiful .
there are a lot of shops where tourism and visitor can busy souvenir and there are man restaurant where you can wet delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
in luck , man traditional parties and festival take place .
among he lost important i ca mention son droiln and are luck .
from 4th to th october lui holds its wan froiln fists .
san foriln is a festival of national tourist interest .
this festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , nd it shows traditional galicia costume and folklore .
another important festival in pago is are lupus .
it is celebrated in june .
during this festivity , hugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see woman circus , celtic wedding , artisans markets , may musical events taking place and local people an visitors get into period costumes , such as gladoators and roman emperors .
i recommend you visit hugo in june because and lupus is celebrated .
you can enjoy traditional roman customs and roman lice in and lupus .
pago is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of spain , such as the septic period and the roman period .
the bigger the city , nigger the problem .
the town is the 2f largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
city x " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal saw establishes a due form until 1st july .
desire it , there are a new plans to increase the green areas ad devitalise the town .
the city is thriving on implementing now measures to achieve the council 's goals .
the analysis will consist of evaluaying the council 's echo - friendly proposals .
in accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garage produced during the years 200 and 210 more than doubled , 86 of it discarded inadequately .
this is due to the low effect of the " recalling worms " program over the disposal problem . "
city x " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and send 7 of the cabbage production to recalling factories .
the recalling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20 better than last year .
the program represents 2 of th employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
the city as man projects such as the " keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
another important one is the " let 's make it green " , responsible fo increasing the green areas within the city in 150 during the last to years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and commune areas .
a later crucial activity are the " green communities " , currently carrying 38 of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
a municipal waste policy that integrate private and public sections and the community is required to solve the current problem .
the city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycle rubbish .
the increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the used report of 212 and also its in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
most of the " recalling worms " problem is caused by this law of training , which ca be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
it is a good ida to take a year of between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
for example , you can travel to new places .
another idea is you an work , you can find a job and ear money before you start university .
moreover , sometimes people are tire when the finish school because of th exam so they need to have some time to relax .
you dan travel to different countries if to have time , i would like to go to asia , thailanf or china .
bit you need to earn money if to want to travel , so you can first work ad then travel .
you cab find work as a waiter or in a shop .
however , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
but i think you van also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what to want to study .
we live in a time when everything changes quickly .
a technological development make people believe that in the future everything will took like in science - fiction moves .
we 'll be surrounded by machine and roofs .
we 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
and what about houses ?
will people 's home be different or still the same ?
imagining the future , i see everything different .
the amant - garden and futuristi projects of houses will be the most desirable .
the houses will had , for example , the shape of a sphere or gloom .
so of then might be turned upside don .
sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hands to describe a shape .
and what about interior ?
in or service there will be more machines and elbows with an artificial intelligence .
they will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
in practice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting ford a command .
everything will be artificial and uncozy .
that 's how i see a how of the future .
glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
i really hope to for with you someday !
to make she you get the position successfully , were are she useful advice and information you might want to how .
at the interview , leaving interviews a good impression is of treat importance . hedre're some tips on how to do it .
first , dressing as properly as possible .
businesslike shots and toes fit in well with the form occasion .
suitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
second , being pjnctual .
inteeviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's law somehow .
third , being prepared .
as the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
you 're expected to now something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with intervidwers .
if you can learn as much knowledge about ou company as you ca up front , you really stand a change in the interview .
since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be intefviewing you .
he started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
plus , he 's filling to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to he salts department two years so .
he got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitate the reform and development in the department .
in his eyes , what counts most is the attack record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and now you felt about your last job .
i hope what i mention above all be of some help to you .
looking forward to hearing from you soon .
lots of loved ,
irish
dear si or madame
i write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the us .
since my mother tongue is english , albeit of the british variety , an i am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , i believe i am a suitable candidate for the aforemenyioned position .
additionallpy , as a teenager , i supervised a wolf cub pack of eight to twelve - year - old , and often organised ports and evening activities fo them , such as treasure hunts and paper cases .
moreover , when an undergraduate , i sent my summer working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
because of all the above points , i think i am a suitable person of the job .
yours faithfully
i find it quite difficult to find an are of improvement even andrew 's outstanding overall performance .
yet , iftentimes , being lovely respectful may play against him and although he has gained he respect of all the people he has worked with , some of hem suggested he should bald up hid sell - confidence , rather than end up attempting to over everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistake .
if i bad my own language school i would first bear in mind a in goal : raising public awareness of my language school ad the services it will prove .
then i would start gathering some information about th market , that is to say , social tends , population statistics such as a , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
by doing so , i would be able not only to identity the strength and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
after that , i would make a list of target markets and device some strategics to attract them .
for instance , if my gap was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategics could be to increased online social media presence by posting regular updated about my language school on glitter and facebok or to offer discount for sibblkngs .
instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awakened , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses would prove successful .
however , if the target markets were both , young people an adults , offering discount of family groups could be a better choice .
the last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to see an attractive and reasonable price for the services i would provide .
last but not last , i would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure the my marketing plan succeeded .
and you ?
have you eve thought about how you can promote you language courses for example ?
i challenge you to think about it and try it .
according to recent research , there ar no doubts that natural gas drilling rings , natural gap pipelines and underground as storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
people who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more the those who live in other regions were such an infrastructure does n't exist .
another advantage is that developing natural fas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
exploration and extraction of the shale gas will create low of new jobs in very different branches connected with gap industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shake gas .
we can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy mobs .
even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgroath in a number of oh positions in astronomy and hospitality bones as they need to at and sleep somewhere .
according to the dynamic of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in astronomy and hospitality sector as well .
the kosciusko institute conducted a research which show that poland can benefit from extracfing and developing the infrastructure of shall as
greece is an amazing country the a of of people visit annually .
when planning their vacation a let of tourist ar faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
choosing where to go in greece cab be and as there are so many voices .
there ar some travel destination that definitely stand out , such as santorini .
sandy reaches , crystal clear waters and th friendly local are not the only things that sat it apart from other islands .
santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
another place worth visiting in greece is athens .
believe it or not , athens is one of the out beautiful cities in the would .
the parthenon , the acropolis museum ad the district of mohastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about athens .
last but it least , create is and of the most spectacular islands in grace .
other then having beautiful sandy reaches and being the largest island in greece , people can visit the water sports parts there , which are extremely fun !
summit up , greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although closing where to go can be hard .
the question is whether it 's better to prepares of a long time before the dam or few days she going to be enough .
in my personal experience , i believe tat it 's much better to prepare fr a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
it 's quite important to be organized to met the highest score you can get in your exam .
for example , one year ago , i bad my final surgery dam .
i he sat up a plan to study all the books we and to go through for the emma klux reviewing them twice .
the plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
to the had worm and perfect discipline , i was able to get a very high score in my surgery final .
if i ha n't had such an organized plan , i would never have get such a effect score .
another thing to add is not being stressed before the dam night .
it 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when dams are approaching .
what is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethira of studies you haven't finished and are included in your dam .
for example , i once had a chemistry exam in high school and i was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that i still had enough time to ace my exam .
two days before my exam , i realized that i ran out of tim .
i and insomnia the right of my ram , it was n't enough that i was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendous .
ever since i do everything in is due time in order not to be ovary stressed and get low scores .
moreover , if i am at getting high score , i assent that memorizing the details is important .
if you do n't start studying before sam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but his will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
that will help to a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
i can recall that time when i was quite ill before my anatomy exam ; i could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
in the exam , i had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , i was able to do it perfectly .
since i had practiced a lay and memories that concept before may times , i was able to remember it .
it was just flooding without so much effort .
so , for use having enough time to memories and practice what you learn is going to help you a pot in your exam .
in sum , i believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is such better than having on fe days to bet prepared . if you want to bet high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from da one if possible .
do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one would aim at ?
in my opinion , nuclear energy has the but chance to replace fossil steps .
firstly , nuclear energy is n't and foe the environment .
the carbon dioxide missions is very small .
the biggest threat is te explosion .
however , the technology is revolving and clear power plants are getting safer .
secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil feels .
energy which we get from sun and wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .
thirdly , only the construction of a unclear power plant is expensive .
when we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
the most extensive thing in nuclear last is to hire qualified personnel .
besides , we need something that ca or all the time .
it ca n't stop making energy when the weather is a , because people need a log of electricity .
if we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and his is unacceptable .
lie is the only south american city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the pacific ocean .
lump was founded by francisco pizarro in 153 , as " ciudad de pus eyes " .
coma was a multicultural tradition , when in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , european peruviams which are the second largest group and the minority in limb includes armada and quechua and faro - peruvians .
lump is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of pure - hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " backs " .
the historic centre of limb was declared world heritage site in 1898 .
it is a it that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconied , churches like san francisco church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el real elope which is the last incredible spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colourful festival because you use water , paint or talk to we your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " la mariners " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la procession do senor de los milagros ; their astronomy is another extraordinary nd wonderful example about their symbols , pike mazamorra made , el disco sour ( wine ) , el cevifhe , lost pivarones , etc .
lisa is a beautiful city of contrast , were you can mind a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
archaeological sites , reaches , valleys , natural deserves and the exquisite quinine give per 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in limb is a unique and fantastic experience .
definitely , lisa is a spectacular and charming it to spend your perfect holidays .
hi jane ,
last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the up . i 've don some search to find out the best savings account for you .
below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
the paine hand might give quite a god offer for you .
firstly , the are of interest is by 3. , which is quite good .
adidtionally , if you open a sing account in the hand , you will felt a diary as a gift .
and you do not need to lay any annual charges fo having a credit had .
unfortunately , te bank does n't have branches in britain .
and all banking operations must be down by phone .
the second bank , royal savings bank , he many branches in the up ( over 650 ) , so to can make all bank operations on spot .
gut there is a service charge for owing a credit care (  12 or year ) .
you do also get a gift as a new account older , a full set of saucepan ( do you really need it ? ) .
all in all , i would recommend you to open your first serving account in the phone bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay nay annual charges .
nd down operations by phone are actually her easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your english .
the final decision is yours .
face care and see you very soon ,
yours agineszka
to : gml6@yagoo.cpm
from : os7jm@yshoo.com
subject : an important thing to do !
my dear pale ,
i 'm writing to tell you he happy i am that i had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at lady gage 's concert .
it must have been my friend , marius bone , who recommended me for this service .
i could n't believe my rare when the phone sang and i answered nd they said they wanted me to felt at the concert as soon as possible to see bow good i was in sound recording .
hat can i say ?
it 's been my dream since childhood and now i wad overwhelmed when i realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in th world music industry .
i am glad hat they were satisfied with my service .
i can hardly east for you to see ou and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
yours ,
ionut
i have been skin for most of life and i am very enthusiastic but it .
i started when i was six with equipment that was very basic compared to that skirts use these days .
every day as soon as i woke up i looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
my parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skin on our on .
the temperature was often several degree below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
my brother showed a natural talent for the short , bug i felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
little by little i improved my skin skill and by the time i was a teenager i really started enjoying myself .
nowadays i have a it of fun skin because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
skin is a great sport , but i would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
after six years of vigorous high school subjects and past experiences , i have no doubt that the preference i 've selected above are of accidental .
i am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business find .
the subjects i 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics ha given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concept and has given me a solid academic foundation .
i 've also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
i am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
i would love to associate with extremely talented students , lectures and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preference i 've selected above .
academically , i 've always been a very determine and studious individual and i would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardware necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
i also have an indubitable passion for extra - auricular activities .
i wa the president of te business students association ( has ) , head by ( senior prefect boy ) and captain of the soccer school team .
i am a very good soccer played who plays a midfield role .
undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities i have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skill i have acquired at high school .
after i heard about the czech government scholarship , i decided to make some research on czech republic before taking any step in applying .
i found out that czech republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
czech universities provides high standards of education , internatiknally recognized degrees , modern campuzes with outstanding facilities , safe and affotdable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
i believe that i will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest ad most stable countries in europe .
above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .
another major reason who i am being motivate to study in czech republic is lack of finance .
also , education in nigeriz is now a joke as teachers and lectures go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of siberia her of safe !
right now , i am greatly looking forward to the challenge of a university life qcademically , socially and mentally , and i believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passing for extra - auricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the czech republic scholarship team .
i believe that i can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as i will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a health leaning environment for all .
in conclusion , i dan assure you the i will be a capable and dedicated student who his the commitment and education to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more way than not .
a do is man 's best french
it is a well - known fact hat people need to have communication with other people .
however , the are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
they week solace in someone who they would feel mode comfortable with .
the best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
do 's personality is on of their best qualities .
always friendly , bubble and in a good mood , they are great to spend tim with .
they feel when their master is sad ad react by muddling up to the .
it makes people forget all out their problem and concentrate on the things that really matter .
dog 's optimism is by far the best by to bring back a smile on people 's face .
and that is what the are there for , to make people happy .
these hairy four - lagged animal are also very protective .
one of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
so if they sense that their one might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing this that might have raised it .
the stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
it is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
dog are really not the hard to take care of , bathing and growing do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
these posts need a few talks a dwy , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all da at work or in shook and end some physical activity .
so having a dog could also remind them to live a wealthier life .
in conclusion , dog make really great pets .
not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they she to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
so if someone really loves their pay , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
hi john !
it 's great to hear from you again ! i will give you some details about my experience at " os law adventure " , one of the most well - known centre in out country .
first of all , we started with a firing assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
although it made me feel exhausted , i found it extremely entertaining .
luckily , i wad for enough to finish the exercise without having any problem , however , you may need to train a little but more before embodying on the activity .
rook clinging was another of the challenges i had to face .
despite the act that it turned out to be harder than i had expected , i managed to each the summon .
you ca n't imagine he rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effoet!.
furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeinhg . you are likely to feet scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
one of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
i felt so overwhelmed that i had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity to , trust your trainer , since they are highly qualified .
to up up , i strongly believe that you will have a great time there and i guarantee you that all the teachers meet with he safety rules , so you ill enjoy a out without getting yourself into trouble .
for all there reasons , his centre 's really worth a visit
write soon and let me know if to need to know anything else .
with best wishes :
santa .
i felt so excited when i looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .
i checked th address as quickly as i could and i realized that i was right , it was from paris ...
my mother had written me after months !
since she left to paris last tear i had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
but i had her letter at last , so i started to read it immediately .
she told me that when i was on holidays i has to buy myself a plan ticket to paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
it felt so good when i saw that my other had n't forgotten me .
i had never travelled to europe yet so i was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my french and spend a lot of the with my beloved mother in th city of love .
dear sur / madam ,
application for the post of chief chinese editor
i am writing to apply for the post of chief chinese editor listed at jobs on 26th january , 201 .
i am a graduate of the chinese university of long long .
i am proficient in chinese languages ( cantonewse and makarin ) ad have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .
currently i am working in a press as an editor .
i am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
on the other had , i am also a good term prayer that can or will with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
please few free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
i look forward to hearing from you soon .
your faithfully ,
when i tsoh
education is a limestone in or life and having a good education is te main door to the labor market .
aware parents disappointed with educational system and institutionalized education they to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
although homesxchooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars nd that compel us to seek other routes .
homeschoolikng should not be considered a would - died phenomenon since on a few countries : the up ,
canada , and especially the us , can boast .
their are loss of countries that do not
accept homeschoolihg as a legal alternative so a and others where it is just an isolated happening .
the situation in spain can be assess as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
homleschooling may all free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family like .
homeschokled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized test an the recognition of prestjgious universities .
now though , before homesxhooling your kiss you also have to consider the same amount of roadbhlocks :
the law of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for you children , ending up bring a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
as far as i am concerned i want to think about homsechooling as a wake up all for educational
systems .
however , homeschooling all never succeed if parents do not have the right skill .
as traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technolgoies open up as " the
solution " and blended learning is the future .
geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken to consideration while resigning houses of the future .
obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
in areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricane and floors , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
environmental friendly buildings all be definitely on the drawing board .
built with recyclalbe or recycle materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lost by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylight and solar canals on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in oder to minimise comfort and energy efficiency .
urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by explaining some new areas .
maybe it 's building castle in the air , ut houzeboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace that would otherwise be wanted .
although people would keep pulling over how to modernize their any houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a arm , rosy bed and a nice cup of te .
i suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
catch it or lose it
the alpha and the opera of a good team is trust .
that 's the most important joint if you any to play handbills .
you but be able to throw the all blandly to your teammate and he he to catch it .
otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
are you a real tea player ?
handbills is one of the most dynamic spirits in this world .
over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
his shows how rapidly the game can change .
the lost ball can make your dam the older of the game .
i started to plan handbills when i was 5 years old .
at first , it was only a hobby but wit the years it came passion .
what i love most about the sport is , the speed and the unconditional than spirit .
if you want to practise hanball , just be sure that you have a good trap and do n't forget the fun !
triathlon : a famous short throughout the world
it seems as if , recently , society his become more conscious of the importance of practised a short .
clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per da nd as a was of relaxing , we find doing a short as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
in fact , we cab see many people flogging and cycling their days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
despite these to being the must popular spots amongst tales , many more are must as interesting nd profitable .
one of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
it consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and logging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
what i enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which mean i dan do it near some instead of having to go to a sports center .
it also means i van choose he location that most phrases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
triathlon has before lore popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to cry it .
therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some oats in order to deep motivate .
you must not push yourself to far .
a gap year between school ad college sounds a great idea for those that have of decided what they want to study .
however there re some questions whether it should be everyone or mot .
first , i would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
not everybody had the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gal year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
but that it is not th only reason to take a year off .
most of the people think that this gear is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , bug this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
on the other hand , many tens who take a war off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
for example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having epoch money or not getting a mob .
in conclusion , peoples should take a year off , but only when thy have all leaned and know for short that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
hello , my name is limit , i am 27 years old and i am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
i am currently studying in my fourth and final dear of a degree in tourism at the university of the world heritage city of acres , which is located in again .
in my third year , i did my ihternship as a redeptionist in a for stars hotel during 2 months and a half in bafajoz .
i already have skill in listening closely to customers and quid understanding of front desk operations .
my previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
i am flexible , a good gleam prayer , and capable to work under pressure .
my mother tongue is spanish , but i am able to speak english bluntly and i have a are - intermediate level of italian as well .
talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities i enjoy , in other to discover new place and cultures .
i also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
you my contact me through f8hj2sulo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 59 12 34 56 .
thanks so much fo taking the tile to listen !
" farmer gales of him " is a fantasy story written by j.r. talking .
set in england in the first centuries of the middle ages , the story is about the adventure of miles , a farmer of the village of ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
when the dragon chtysophylax comes and devastated everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword tailbiter , nut also obtaining a huge treasure .
at the end of the story , times becomes an independent king .
i liked a pot this story firstly because i love fantasy stories , especially tplkien 's lines : the bring me to another universe , making me forget every any 's life .
secondly it is very original because it is a sort of party of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are wo with word instead of wagons .
i would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and tolkiem 's ironic style , based also on the comical us of latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
deaf or or madam ,
i am writing the letter to apply fro the position in ruza summer camp the i say advertised in our local newspaper .
i am interested in working in the educational institutions , or in the social care .
i had recently graduated from the social science university in psychology and received high degrees in both my reaching and supervising courses .
in addition we had to have the year of volunteering in out supervising environment in preparation for or finished assignment , so i am able to be a member of your well skill staff .
since i was 13 years old , i have helped my parents with upbringing my four jungle sitting .
i have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
in the put fwo years i have worked in the scout organization , helping area manager to organize activities fro children .
this experience has given me the ability to cold with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
i are a friendly , happy personality and find hat i enjoy the challenges of working in south environment .
in addition , my studies and experience i have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so i would be a valuable addition to your team .
i look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully
luhomir sawicki
do traveling broaden your mind ?
in my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
when visit different places , you get to wee different environment , cultures , people and even different languages .
travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
for example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a we basic sentences , you fan communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
travelling also helps to she the way in which other people love , to see the your way of living is nor the only one that exists .
this can help you to understand that it everyone has acres to may things you do have access room , an to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartpyones , computers , caps or even fresh water , which is a basis resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is jot true .
besides , when we travel to different places we sees there are any different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from on another humans are .
for all of these reasons i think travelling really broaden your mind .
i want to build my carer as a fully flexed researcher and academician .
to fulfill this dream a per degree would be the must essential footstep .
i am mostly so interested to pursue my per on theoretical and computational chemistry .
i have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
i would also like to carry out my pad research in the development of transition metal complete which can be used as drugs again several human diseases , as cosmetic material and as phofonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
i also find analytical chemistry and environmental chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
i believe that i possess the strong motivation an intellectual capability to build a career in ne of the previously mentioned fields .
after my pad , i will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of university of bursal .
there is no future foe public transport ?
the number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in us .
especially in a big cities , where there are traffic james , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
in some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
but what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
well it depends .... when you travel with your own car you are independent .
you do ont have to sorry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
you can listen to your favorite music or radio .
you are the bow .
however , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
if you want to travel fro on place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
it allows you to see much more in your pace .
but think about the costs .
think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
consider as well bow many days do you have for vacation .
maybe cheap railings are better ?
being back to our everyday like .
most of us are living in a big cities and face problems with the traffic .
what if we use the public transport to get to work ?
well , the you do n't have to worry about the parking pace and you an read more books on the way to work .
simple , you can use the way to work as an additional me for yourself .
what use ?
after work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
and if the colony is important for you just think about the pollution .
let 's reflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
in my opinion : yes , there is !
is travelling by car more convenient ?
well , it depends !
way using the first narration ?
the first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
we ca n't understand who others think usually , but in this friction , the author invite us know that inside the madman 's mind .
feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
acting th murder directly makes the horror penetrate into out hearts .
you down the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
the author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of hewrtbeats .
first , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
must like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
then comes to the sound , the heartbwats .
to my opinion , heartbheat is the element that push the whole short to the climax .
every time she he sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .
in the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
the second time when madman head the heartbeats , he became impatient , scare , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the morose .
at the same time , the geartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
finally , i think he was the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
the whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's uses the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
th sharp contract for he calm and the cruel , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
shivering insider our hearts , the horror increases .
" let 's go to the forget to her the variety of animals which are found there " , ma told to his friends one sung afternoon .
when ll wa set , they started their try to the forest .
when they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
max and his friends took a walk under the green hen , across the fiver , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grzss."ehat 's that ? " , xx said aloud .
they ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal wazs."it 's a der ! , its leg is in a trap " , mix 's friend shouted .
when they a the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
by this decision , max good courage to open te tea , but the fewer did n't jove because its leg was injured .
one of max 's friend brought water from the rivet to give to the deer .
max cut a piece of his t - shirt to cure the animal .
afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
she the day finished , max nd his friends returned how feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."what an amazing day ! " , max whispered to himself as he hot into best that night .
the question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
probably not , but they are may people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to have their private life .
generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their joke or because of their sfandalising private life .
if you decide to became famous because of your scandqlising private life , it would be silly to complain about biting paparaxzi .
there is a rule , probably on of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' it is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
most of celebrates follows this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
the is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
real problem starts when journalist injuries not the celebrity , ut its friends or family .
paparazzi are cruel in contact with famous people 's children , that nay have negative influence on their emotional development .
you about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
in most case the are just doing their job as well as the can , leading this borne like .
and when finally paparazsi voice that there is nothing interesting in their lie , they just leave the alone .
summarizing , i do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
and i hour they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
as a person who lies to a , i consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should i go .
last friday i visited a brand new mexican restaurant in lesion called " las fichrras " .
it was suggested by two friends of mine and according to then , because the good old and funny environment .
i went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to having in and rat good mexican food after a stressfil week .
in my opinion , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the easy service .
we faced continuous problems it the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown been without asking ( must because we finished the dinner but our drink were still on the table ) .
to my luck ( or not ) , i may a friend of mind on the day after that told me that shed ha dinner at " law fidheras " before and in her opinion , as a mexican , the restaurant was terrible .
she also told me that a great mexican restaurant was just opened with lower price and good service .
i got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" pistol y corazn taqueria " was te first mexican restaurant that i could eat genuine mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
they seemed us " nacfhos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
after choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
we close " tails " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
after paying th bill , they offered us a shot of tutuila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .
hey ! i survived ! ! :)
first of all : thank to for your time and your help with the article ! ! !
second of all , of are you ?
and also , were are you how ? ? :)
in my case ... i 'm much better not . i 'm settled back he and i 'm up and dunning , even though my injured sprain ankle gas gone worst .
last week i was borrowed an ankle support and sole crutches , so over side then it 's going better .
furthermore , precisely today i have state my 15-dat rehabilitation sessions !
so i should be back on jumping round in no time :) .
as you know , altar was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure i did n't need ! :( .
the course and th organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) to other participants ) , as not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
anyway , is and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and i left lata with a smile and a warned up heart .
and for that i want to thank you one again .
back some , everything started fast i should have gotten used to by now , should n't it- .
so i had n't he time for much .
i have been totally immense in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
he decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a air disappointing , both of the feeling of mot meeting his expectations * and of the ( i 'm guessing , as i do n't know anything as yes :/ ) less money earned that it will man .
* sorry , i 'm on na ( abuse of your native language ships once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
what i doubt is the difference between this bunch : be gold enough , pleasure up , take the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
there again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
from sunday to tuesday ) for myself that i was jot counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
i decided to get back him ( i had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where i had been going every day last week ) , and i started getting things one . plus i give a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed to !
te two - day one - night trial with my mother and sister went quite well .
the place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitations for my angel , we would have on for a short like .
tomorrow i 'll be starting my first english class , which has taken much longer than i had plan .
i have set a to of cf , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for english classes ( one company and two academies ) .
about the pictures from rqmla , could you sait a it more time ?
i haven't find time to download the pictures ( from all the things that i need to sir out , i was ( and is ) definitely it a priority .
do remind me again , thou , if you see that i 'm forgetting , okay ?
( please ! ) .
did you ask marie about the speakers ?
because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
i 'm gun na go now .
talk to you soon , like .
receive a big hug from ( yes , finally ! ! ) warm spain .
globe darling and its consequences in 201
the guardian 's article " world 's climate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1 of warming " , published on the 9th november 201 , describes the problems of global warming .
referring to scientists at the british met office , 201 is going to be the year when the limestone of 1 farming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
the world metworological organization made known publicly that 201 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil duels .
these problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the un summit in paris in three weeks .
then , would leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emission coupled with the el no climate phenomenon .
stephen beecher , director of the net office 's handle centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2. this opinion is also represented by the british secretary of energy and climate change , saber rude , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics the to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
she stand up for a global deal confirmed on the un summit by the leaving states and therefore these climate target should be a role - model for other countries .
furthermore , climate scientist ed hawkers expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying thus statement with the example of central england , which his warmed 20 more than the global average .
global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water street an loss of harvest .
facing these consequences , a 4 warming would be even more damaging according to beecher .
despite the result of a say study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in antarctica from 2003 - 200 , there is only a all chance of 5 - 10 that this prognosis will time true according to prof andrew shepherd , university of leeds , as the study was already bee prove wrong by 57 other studies .
although the nausea study show a different result , the majority of scientists she global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the un summit in paris .
th problem lise in the outdated framework in which the in operate .
fifteen having nations formed the we after whale populations collapsed .
the organisation was initially met up to conserve whale only to th extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
the importance of world heritage properties transcend national boundaries .
their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , the evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
to be included on the world heritage list , properties but be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection siberia .
the world heritage his is important because it attracts tourist and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
it is as protected by unesco because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered prices in the area or have a significant importance in history .
world heritage is the designation of place on earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the world heritage his to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
the site is the property of the country on while territory it is located , buy it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the sits for future generations .
its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international would heritage community as a whole .
another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the list is that once a country signs the convention , and has sits inscribed on the world heritage lost ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
greater awareness lads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
a country may also receive financial assistance and exert advice from he work heritage committee to support activities of the preservation of its sites .
the disadvantages of sites not included in the world heritage moist are that the sites are hot funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
moreover thy remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
in my opinion the sites in danger unless they to answer at ten criterka should be protect for unesco .
it 's difficult , but i think that it is necessary try to invent new may to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
cricket is my passion .
i love playing , watching and talking about it .
it 's my first passing and i am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
cricket is a team sport which reaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
it so reaches us how to overcome individual weakness nd gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
i started playing cricket since my early childhood .
eve when i as a his i started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
it gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my ships rapidly .
i followed cricket religiosuly and have watched almost every match india played .
satin tendulkar is my favorite vricketer .
i am fan of his patting .
he has broken almost every record in cricket history .
apart from his cricket skill i loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
if someone wants to learn more about cricket i will arise him to watch patting of great like machine , david , war and pointing .
to lead for about bowing on should watch adam , warne and murat .
i will also advise reading are about cricket on cricinfo.ckm .
it had nice articles , reviews and statistics on may players and gates .
reading biographies of some famous crickets will also help to understand the knights of the game in deep .
cricket is going through rough phase the to match fixing and betting scandals .
but i am sure it will come strong out of this ad will spread it wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
i must a friend about oe week ago , nd he asked me a question that i ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my bucket lust ?
i ca n't stop thinking about it , because i realized that i had never stopped to think about my live in such a deep way .
by the way , do you know what a bucket last is ?
it is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
i think is kind of wad , that i do n't know what i want to do , i do n't know what makes me truly happy .
about two weeks before i met hm i watched a very beautiful movie called " the vault in or stars " .
it 's about a been couple who are dying because of cancer , and they have different way to think about life and death .
this movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciate the really important things .
so after watching this movie and my friend 's question i ca n't help thinking about my life .
now i have te feeling that i need to live lore , but i have no idea what is this " more " .
before that i had always thought about getting married and having kiss as a was to find happiness , but now i think that before this i heed to do other things .
it is very interesting to think that it wax necessary meet someone hew , from another empire different culture to make me think about what i want .
it is very strange that another person became curious bout a very profound part of me that i have never thought of .
well , next november i will travel to europe , the only certain thing on my bucket lit that i now .
however , now i have an awful feeling about what i am doing today , because of the first time in my lice i am sure that i need change something , and i think this " something " is almost everything .
peoples lives ill change in the future , and i bet it 's not of the better .
unlike popular understanding of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , i must say ) , history is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that world means .
it is a cyclical process .
from has is away in the first century ad , bit but three centuries later it was only a shadow of its last .
these later period romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement the their ancestors were above to make and have technical mastery over just a dew centuries earlier .
and who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
no one in assure such a thing .
but i do n't think , unless there 's another world war , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
i think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have is peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new dark goes .
but let 's pink the world war hypothesis for a second .
a wide world war is the only case in which we would she a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from bow .
but there 's , at the day , prospects for a now world war ?
i do n't think so , but on the other hand what the hell do i how ?
the causes that will lead to a now world war may well be in existence fight now for all i know , and no the , or only a few her wide and intelligent people know about it .
one day in the future another franz ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its rooms in such older times .
as the causes of the second world wad had its roots on events that her the outcome of the first was , a third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a pas conflict that may well have happened already .
but pet 's not dress into that , that 's all another topic that falls behind the scope of the statement on which i was supposed to write a composition .
to : same
from : simonetta
date : 05/30/14
subject : holidays are coming !
hi as ,
it has been a long tim side we were in touch and now i am very pleases that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
my family and i ate going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the sunshine holiday camp .
do you remember it ?
i 've already mentioned to you how much fun i had there and who it was great !
it would be terrific if you same with me , is it possible ?
could you ask you parent ' permission ?
in this camp parents are calm and do n't worry about heir children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants an the camp is situated on an entire island .
in addition , the site was purpose built to provide places i for young people allowing the to do lord of activities in safety .
there are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the him of enjoyment , especially outdoor short activities !
there ar two swimming pool , to tennis court , one football pitch , canning courses and so on but what i like most is the cuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
the cap is well - known and open from may to october and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overlooked for the period my parents can take rays off , that do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 5th ?
i am look forward to receiving hour answer !
bet wishes .
simonetta
the doorbell rang unexpectedly . i had fallen asleep on the couch watching to .
i got up and i made my say to the front door .
outside stood the most extraordinary - looking an : he looked like a spanish elephant hunter .
i was taken aback , so i called my mother , who was asleep with he boyfriend .
she dame down , but the did not scream .
instead she started crying .
the man as it turned out was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
i did not know that he was still alive .
mother had always old me he and died in the war .
i think she did this for my own good .
i was very amused by the situation and did n't know if i liked him or not .
in my dreams i had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
it was very odd to see him in my home .
now we all live together .
although the first as were difficult , now we al get on all .
it is treat to be a whole family again .
the grand place is the central square of brussels .
it is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city gall and the buildings of the corporations of the middle ages .
these were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
they helped each other and the elders ones taught the youngsters .
sometimes , they became very rich .
each building is decorated with the blazed of the corporation .
their architecture is unique and beautiful .
today , most of hem ate costing caps , shops and restaurant that attracted a pot of tourism , gut there is also the city museum .
the square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianmized area .
it is an important place for the history because it is the oldest grand place of urope and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate ships .
recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we dan now better see their beautiful gliding and carving .
every tear , when christmas come , there is an amazing show with must and lights on the parades of the building while a hug for tree is placed in the centre of the square .
wall royal castle is on of the highest owned monuments in the history and culture of poland and europe , so during the stay in poland it is necessary to visit it .
the first castle , called palate , was built in 11th century , the remains of it as still visible inside the walls .
during the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcade courtyard .
during the toil the visitors are shown several room and apartments , as well as royal private apartments with far - famed tapestries of polish ' kings collection .
another attraction of the your is visiting the crown treasury , when polish coronation insignia were stored , and armour .
apart from the features , there are also any marvellous exhibition in the castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
while visiting angel royal castle the can not omit seeing dragon 's den - a cave under the castle , were , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of wall lived .
i recommend visiting wall royal castle because of its beauty and jniqueness .
it is a symbol of a thousand years of the polish history and culture .
everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibition and thus , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
i have been learning english as a second language since i as men years old , which means a very long time ago .
i think i am very lucky the because i have ad the opportunity of learning english in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
my teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in english , in a way similar to now we learn one own mother language .
moreover , i travelled to england and lived with english families for a few week every summer since i started learning until i was fifteen heard old .
so i grew up thinking i could speak and write quite good english .
even though i do have little theoretical knowledge about english grammar rules , i can made myself understood in a normal conversation , and i can rite an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
one year ago i decided to take the cambridge advanced english exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not her difficult for me to be successful .
i decided to early fir a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skill .
along the course i had to accomplish some writing assignment and submit them to be evacuated by my needs .
and there i realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn his to white better ; the second one hat even when to can male yourself generally understood , it is not so was to be precise .
a magician uses a dove and a black hat , bug it would n't be a magic show if he do n't know how to perform the trick .
in the some way i had the ideas and the words but i had to admit that i needed to learn the rules of grammar if i wanted to do the magic truck of precise and stylish writing .
adolescence .
everybody say it 's the best period in out whole like ; what thy do n't remember is that it could be also the worst .
adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you ca see something three it , in reality you do n't .
this awful of is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .
everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a let of things .
tis could be be of the reason who we get angry so easily and so often wit or patients : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or the being some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that thy confuse one minds .
as i said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that her under our skin is when moss say something and when yell us to do the opposite the .
the worst part is that they he angry with us !
we 're confused , they 're nor clear ad then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at the !
it 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns ou to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
i think the most important thing in the relationship with ou parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only fell anger for them by also a lot of love .
love : that 's a now feeling that adolescents have to have .
it 's of the usual love they 're used to felt , as love fro family and fiends , but it 's a new kind of love .
it 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary the .
that kind of love that we see in moves and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall sleep at night .
it is a period in which we have our first experience , and it is as cry as exciting .
adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into he dark .
dear group leader ,
first of all , i would like to think you for the interest shown to our small village .
i really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
her , in mallorca , there she a lot of places to visit but i will recommend to a unique place , without tourist , nose and crowded reaches .
on the east of malaria you will find a small and beautiful village called art .
in the municipality of art you will find a chapter ton , situate on the edges of the mountain range of prevent .
sa colnoa de sat peered is a traditional fishermen village .
nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
here your adventure starts .
in order to get to your destination you must rude a bicycle and just enjoy he splendid panorama view .
you will rides until ca lips can , one of the most enigmatical reaches of maxllorca .
this zone is part of a protected area , a natural pack .
or that reason , you must go riding a bite or walking .
as machado said " se have coming al and " .
it means that th must important is the way , the journey .
going on a big near th seashore wit the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
on the way to ca low can , you will see the typical mediterranean vegetation .
there ate a lit of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the vast of mallorcq .
moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
finally , you will get to ca los can .
it is a special bear with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
there to van practise different sorts .
it is a perfect place to go diving because you can ses different fishes , sea urchin and seaweef .
there you can also take a canoe and saddle in the quite sea .
a part from spots , you should none two different culture points .
on the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificarications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from forms .
on the other hand , there is a prehistoric tower called " talaiot " .
the function of the talaiots is not clear yet .
maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - pass people .
it is important to stay in the beach until the sin goes down .
the sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will ses how the sun goes behind the mountain range of trxmuntana .
from that seashore you can see all the qlcsia bay , part of the mountain range of tramuntana and the gape of formenjtor .
ca los can is a mixture of we , nature and culture .
i am sure that you will like it and , of course , i need to ask you a favour : please , keep the secret .
regards ,
paula .
introduction .
the him of this report is to outline the but and the worst qualities of your centre after on ear running .
this report analysis the two main facilities : the vy and the swimming look .
the grm .
the machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
on the other hand , the grm is too shall .
every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
the swimming pool .
it is ideal for people who do not comet because of it length , about 20 metes .
furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent fr people who want to learn he to swim .
on the other had , the changing rooms are you far fro this facility , so it is may to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
conclusions .
the facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent buy the grm could be bigger .
furthermore , you would put theaters to avoid cold in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
the future of public transport
when we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded see an rusty subtly train .
as technolgies develop and become cheaper more and more people by personal care .
a car allies us to move master and not to depend on others .
travelling by car is also much more convenient .
does his all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
in my opinion , it is not true .
firstly , there sill always be people who will it be above to afford to buy a cat .
students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
secondly , cars ca also turn into public transport .
science fiction often expects future as the would where cars were used freely .
anyone can used the nearest car he or she sees .
thirdly , people do not have an unborn driving sill , so even in the future children and teenager will need public transportation .
this is also true of older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
in conclusion , public transportation is of likely to disappear , at last during the nearest tens of years .
the chart above gives some information about the average months salaries of bursts and doctors in four different countries .
according to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are country a and country b.
these ones ate called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health made workers to other countries .
otherwise , the countries with the highest salaries are country c and country d. differently from the first two countries , these ones were called " destination countries " because the health are service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
moreover , in the first these countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse ears , apart from the las country , country d. in this one , th salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in her countries .
in count d , the salaries of doctors are out three times higher than those of nurses .
in conclusion we ca say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst most countries in the word however it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that man people want it manned , possibly with good reason .
boxing is a dangerous short , there ar relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and been disease .
all professional boxers are at risk from being killed in his next fight .
if not killed then more likely paralyses .
here had been a number of cases in th last then tears of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
his is just from the elite few , and there s are from those below them .
more death would occur through boxing if it were banner .
the port would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , parameidcs or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
with the going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
dangerous dog who were attained to kill and maxim in similar underground do fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxer could be even more at rise .
once boxing is band an no - on brows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safe places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pus and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not retract form the entertainment .
there are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushilning gloved could be worn , ban bunches to the had , headfuards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still cases serious consequences in later life diseases tat attack the brains have been known to sat in as a direct result of noting , even ashamed all , wo was infamous ( ? ) both fo his boxing and his quick - wanted intelligence now has alzheimer disease and fan no longer do may everyday acts .
any other spots ar more dangerous than boxing , motor sport and even mountaineering his risk that a read .
boxers chose to not , just as racing drivers drove .
in many of the minority works of modern literature , the ca be one emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insight thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which may stories of ethnic american literature are based .
however , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic american literature an not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
rather , thus even - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
in te minority work , the conflict and rebellion present accurately reflect society as a whole , and although the mother 's in the how luck club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , tit in like water for chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the indian tribes in love medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the us government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
rebellion is even no as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , fr else , too , resists he arranged marriage in the color purple , and the murderous moves in jazz reflect tit and per 's destructive passion in like water cor chocolate .
rebellion nd conflict are emphasized in ethnic american literature , bit they are pirtrayed no more strongly in minority works then they are portray in other pieces of literature .
emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority re particularly oppressive in work such as like water for chocolate and the color purple , other minority works including love medicine and jaw do of reflect the clearly defined authotitarian figures on the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
this again implied that these ethnic american pieces of literature can not be catagorizer as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and culture experiences .
how does voltaire tackle he question of philosophical optimism in ' candle ' ?
philosophical optimism -l'optkmisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurrence is for some good .
voltaire sets out in candid to criticise this philosophy .
in confide the representative of tis philosophy is pangloss , the philosopher employed at thunder - der - tronckw .
the whole boy is a criticism of l'optimisme .
fro example when candid is forced to join the vulgar army he is beaten almost to death hut candid des not concern himself because he know it is for he own good - in fact later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
although this would seem to be good it is not because of is training he kills two man , a jew and an archbishop with no hesitation and them proceeds to kill his sweetheart brother .
voltaire show is dislike of l'opitmisme wen oangloss , candid and james are caught in a bad storm at sea in which james is drowned and there are only thee survivor , candid , pangloss and a sailor .
the storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which candle was sailing to .
on arrival they see starvation and death .
carried is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
candid looks to pangloss for an answer but oangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
candid , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be scepticdal of it .
this is no more true then when he arrives in th ne world , south america , an his to leave his darling cubgonde with the commissioner of the province .
candid can to she what possible good can came of this especially as the reason that he was in america was due to him filling the je and archbishop because they were cungonde 's lovers .
throughout the book we begin to see how candle is gradually lead away for l'optimiske or perhaps more importantly his l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
the constant belief that good can came from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant for of disasters .
candid 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
he is thrown out of thunder - men - trunk because he embraces cungobde , he is dumped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an to - da - f , he kills three churches , he is almost eaten , he finds elsorado but leaves the list continues .
candid 's life is governed by his belief the gold will prevail .
eventually , of course , he down marry cungone by sue is mot the beautiful young flower that he on loved .
sue was become holy and new worse by the may .
this illustrates emphatically th folly of l'optimisme .
candid had travelled the world in search of cungonde , with the hope that he will mary her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get cungodne but at the price of her look and personality .
voltaire , in carried , shows how the philosophy of optimism is one of despair not hope .
it would be tempting to think of the various european communities as an embryonic unites states of europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of european unity .
however it is important to realise that europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the united states .
when th original 13 american states removed to for who is now he united states of america , they were intent on forming a political as all as economic entity .
they were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
a glance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
it is true that today the still years the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempt to return some power to the individual states , buy no - on would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the united states , the government in washington represents the side policy - making body .
in europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military fire .
however it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the european communities ( such as was seen one europe 's response to the british involvement in the falkland islands dispute ) , the communities were intended as purely economic entitles in the first place .
membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the united kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the westminster parliament , something which no state in the united states could lawfully do .
we are still a very long say from a single parliament for western europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 199 approaching and a single market the gulf between the up and europe is very wide .
the supremacy of parliament will never be challenged .
it ability to make and break and law - face by it or europe - jeans that it retains full sovereignty .
even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it would tomorrow repeal all these last .
the act that parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by by political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and parliament consented .
but with the average linguistic briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our zenophobia and ever wishing to be fully integrate with europe .
even now the channel tunnel his joined us to th continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world .
naturally , the problems of a since urope would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
it seems to me that for the past few centuries , britain have always considered itself to be detached from the west of europe .
whenever necessary , the has allied herself to european powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
britain as been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , he was been more concerned with her verses empires the it anywhere else .
in the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she his had to face mounting responsibility in europe .
because of be history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single europe .
for instance , british law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
we have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and repeated .
there is very little european influence on out law , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the pack of influence will display any differences .
with the creation of a single europe , news law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
the british tend to be very proud an possession of the saw , and changes may well case illfeeling and discontent .
of course , the she point will apply to the monetary system in europe .
will there just be one system ?
the country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it wa to be altered .
our individual monetary system i suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
it can be said that if a single europe as created , problems may armies over is fundamental political concepts .
of course britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
it has bee suggested that the single union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be save , but th union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
to a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
the fact is that , when united , european unity would still in essence be divided .
there will always be aspects of oe society that the others all never accept .
europe as a while face the same problems , and therefore , if a single europe was created , uniting britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
if the federalists achieved their aims in a european unity , they would do their get to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that ll of their positive features will be known .
the problem facing the british , really results from this isolated past .
the sovereignty of the nation was deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depends completely on the forms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
with 129 now only a year away , the question of who a single europe will mean for britain becomes increasingly relevant .
i firmly believe that the advent of 199 will result in a loss of sovereignty for britain .
this loss heed not however be negative .
in fact , in political , economic and defence terms i deep this realization of resources can and will be very positive .
whilst to a certain extent i may be guilty of having an island mentality , i would n't go as far as to as britain is in danger of handing all control over to facelesx beaurocrats in brussels or strasbourg .
throughout the world a end of change is apparent , but especially so in europe .
his process will continue and europe the rest of the world will evolve with or without th participation of britain in his process .
it is my belief that britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
however to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
in relinquishing and thus neutralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of europe on the world state .
as amply demonstrated by recent event in the gulf , european cooperation in the field of defence an be both impressive and effective . whilst i would be reluctant to and over all control to defence to any central by .
i can see a future for some form of european rapid reaction force .
whilst to an extent crippling defence costs could be cut this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the side of defence available .
in political terms , regardless of legislation , britain like the yes of europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
the north sea will increasingly one to represent a were muddle as people move between countries .
i feel it is important for britain to join fully with its european partners to adapt to these changes in geography .
politically we are moving closer together .
possible problems should be studied ad solved if possible before they happen .
e.r.a is already upon us but in this area i fell britain should be especially careful .
whilst not pretending to fully understand this system i do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the magic circle .
in the read of the single currency , again i fell the is inevitable .
what is important is to base this currency on the strong currenciesz within the sex as opposed to an average based system .
to conclude i would say a single europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
britain lust not concern itself with loss of sovereignty nut gain of the european equivalent .
if we miss the beat i think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
when the treaty of rome was signed in 195 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united europe .
it was said that europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
when britain entered the european community in 193 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning britain relationship with europe .
when 199 was et as the date for the single european market , the debate flared up again , but her how far britain should be integrated .
the next of europe seems prepared for 199 but britain seems to be decidedly resistant .
the former prime minister , margaret thatched wad not been to lead britain into a united europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
there is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
business and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 199 , and the single market .
trade will be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
there will be business boots and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
many briton would consider europe has affected britain too much already , with decmialization , the now our - passports and of the pound staring being tied to the eau .
they may feel britain is being pulled into europe .
further changes are forecast for britain , effecting day to dat matters , to create a " european standard " .
this amy make briton resentful of europe and tired of " 199 and all that " .
a single market requires one central institution to co - private all movements of goods and policies .
will the people of britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from strasbour or brussels ? .
many people would not .
will the any come when th found sterling is taken over by the end ?
it may well - but all the briton have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawback .
as the date draws nearer , the awareness of briton to europe must increase .
they must look into the future and consider possible effects .
will britain be drawn into europe against its will ?
perhaps as more of britain becomes " purified " , buttons will wake up and she their sovereignty is being taken away .
britain has never geographical been a part of europe .
we are in the etc and we should be able to benefit from few trade .
we had been an island for too long - being independent and able to state alone .
we have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
a fully integrated market with britain as a tell member would be to the detriment of or political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
there has been such a let of talk about a single europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be up us very soon .
now the it is a reality , and not just a probability , te question in the minds of many briton is indeed : will this men a pass of sovereignty for britain or the birth of a nation ?
firstly , a positive approach .
looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
the benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to going things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
firms , because of being able to look their resources , ill be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products sill improve .
europe all therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
to look at things on a more individual love , every member of the new single urope 's standard of living should increase .
a greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
simplicity is in of th commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
if this is so , they should also work better .
ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
on the other hand , will this single europe mean a loss of sovereignty for britain ?
it must be remembered that mot only does britain have a small population compared to th majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
who would this matter ?
all , britain has quite a history and therefore a far number of traditions .
it is possible that it could become engulfed in the new single europe and lise its identity .
briton ( especially those fro older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
the now single europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
then there is th question as to whether all his ideapism really will work .
will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
had it then of got quite a for at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into tis single europe ?
no one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
the fact remains however that next year ( in 199 ) there is going to be a single europe .
this , as everyone is well aware , is to going to be achieved with ease , hut the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the single europe will be .
it is up to britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading th way as regards tolrrancy .
then we will all be ale to look at the future in a more positive way .
the european community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign european member states who as committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
the community has an all to break down the economic and political barriers the have traditionally divided europe .
in particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods nut of services , capital and people .
however , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand one its sovereignty to th community , if at all ?
let us look at the founding of te european community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
there were several attempts at peaceful purification after the first world war , but only after europe has again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
the political and economic exhaustion of the european states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of europe .
this fresh start can about because of three main factors .
firstly , was europe 's realization of he own weakness , after having let her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the united states of america and to the soviet union .
these superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger then the divided individual european states .
secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great war had both begun as european " civil was " . thirdly wax the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
and of the first major move towards european integration wa the creation of the european economic community , in 158 .
its membership had grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
one of the most innovative features of the european community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
this novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
the 1907 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
all of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 199 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
his is to say that one what to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many went unanimous voting , it majority voting .
many see this issue as a threat to their on regulations and was , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do it state firm .
the situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question ho do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the she of european unity .
whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of european city is successful depends very much on the people of europe .
if a feeling of european unity develops and van be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes or .
on britain roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
the road network is no longer able to carry the traffic without had - us and traffic james ..
to remedy this the government ha started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorway and constructing fig roads and bypassse , with mixed reception .
while the road system is being improved there seems to be an endless series of roadwlrks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
the inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
it might see an easy solution to this maybe would be to is public transport ; r.e. the railways .
people are not taking to the tail system because of its lady of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
it his been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
the main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
if th services were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with th train arrival times .
then people would be more likely to catch te train as they would not had to look forwards to a long wall , want for a is or an expensive taxi ride .
my solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the train .
to improve the nail service trains have it to be tiled to arrive nd depart at obey times r.e. arrive at right o'clock and leave at half put six .
the train and us companies had to lise with each other and the train far have to remain relatively cheap r.e. the same price or less as it would cosy to go by can .
the basic dilemma facing the up 's nail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
this leaves to an increase in the number of computers and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the us transports network .
the biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside th major cities .
most large cities have managed to encourage computer to use public transport this increasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made chief to computers , clean , east and efficient then it would face the strain of th overloaded british roads .
for computers who regularly travel long distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
motorway and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle ye it is only trying to come wit the increase in traffic , we ar our own enemy !
another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating said and forming acid rain . torturing the earth we were living on .
in concluding i wish to propose can , efficient comfortable and heap public transport for the near future .
the modern traffic jam is not a familiar situation to nearly all of the western worlds population .
if every time we use one care to travel nay distance we find oufselfs in a 10 miss tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such alexander .
to illustrate my point , if every time to took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
so he do we still insist on traveling on the road .
the answer most likely lies in 2 area , first the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
this is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
i am by far an away no ' green ' who wants to make everyone live in three 's and eat sonya ran sup , however i do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic tat is on our roads today .
the governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on out roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , tent more and for people ar now driving .
we all felt that we have a divine right to be on the road .
why ?
do we , the western world ( 5 of the population of the world ) , have the right to us the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental coat ?
just because we can not be gathered to get out of ned a but earilrne to catch public transport .
even if we did , then shortly so does the rest of the work .
that could have disastrous applications .
the 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is defining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
people stopped rising trains because of the fall in standards , these people were forced into the road , route became unprofitable and so were closed and services but back , forcing more people onto the roads .
the who system he now formed a sparkling circle of road use .
this was now been intensified with the dale of the railways , to private rail company , profit motivate .
the vital , small rail links may now be closed , previously they where subsidized to make up the loss , now the private companies an mot afford to do this so any will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
the only way to step th circle will be to break it , the only people to do his is the government or ourselves , if we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a food service ; unfortunately the public seat to be apathetic to the idea .
today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with e.v. channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighter earning a lot of money , the is a big business .
apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which britain can still old to bead high .
we have superb fighter with excellent character such as lenox lewis , nigel been , ashes haled and our beloved frank been .
despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
blows to th head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull which ma cause a brain cut or tumor .
last yes , the fight between chris bank and michael watson led to calls for boxing to be band when michael watson slipped to a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
many yours in low income areas see boxing as ' a way ou ' , a chance to may it to the go and earn a lay of money on the ay .
there were , however , people who regard noting as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
these people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
during the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighter have a mutual respect for each other .
al precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
during fights doctors a kept close to the being and had the authority to call it off prematrely if required .
ambulance are also kept on stand by at big events .
although it may sound cruel , i do of believe that ant fighter was entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
because there are so may budding young voters , to own toxin would be insane , wince it would almost certainly go underground .
underground fights are war more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
taking his into account and considering that boxing is about urging the opponent , it can be said the boxing is a relatively safe sport .
though far less popular , there as other ports which are war more brutal and dangerous , such as ' had boxing ' , were competitors her encourage to use their knees and elbows .
th argument continue , but for the sake of safety in the long term i do not think boxing will be banner .
which is hood new for the majority of the british public .
two men , one ring , only in can leave . dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
although throughout the years rule have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banner ?
every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his soul .
this causes the boxer to lose many brain cells red bowing fight and if the occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
in my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banking of boxing .
the sport to may the least is actually a blood port , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by chris embark he believes he is a sportsman and the side of boxing is an art form , he ways that he does nor specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out by to win on points differences and to give chris erubank his just respect must of his fights have been won on points .
by there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banner , the tragic accident where michael watson was put in a coma by chorus bank ( the ma who dies n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition our ) .
his example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' boxing is .
the boxing federation is trying to do as much as it an to take the ' spot ' safer having rungeide doctor , banking bare hand fight but the to and bottom of the argument is that and blow to the head causes considerable damage .
there is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal split as boxing .
this is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tfragically dies .
a recent death in the rich has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the spot should be planned or mot is yet again the forefront of discussion .
let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
he is clearly aware of th dangers and brutzlism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoy it so much .
i have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
the excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent ohio the canvass , ad all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
the money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with dome tip boxers earning sums of money such as  20 million ( or in mike tens comebaxk case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising he important the spot van be to some .
let us consider ' sky ' views , recently beginning a subscription to view sons " met live lights " .
his member of th public does ont want the spot to be burned either .
now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
these individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
th family , who were originally against the idea of their skin finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests again boxing .
how pleased , proud and patriotic the british public felt when frank bryn achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sort many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
this hypocritical view is shove by so man that whether boxing should be burned or not all remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
there were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of te national lottery .
the first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in face , none then that , a tax on the poor .
the second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , wit the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
there was also some controversy over the warding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to camel , which as nor see as the strongest contended for the bud : the companies or consortium promised to give more money to charity with lower running coats .
richard brandon promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
my personal objections to camel as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are american or foreign firms , for example jem has a sizeabel stake in camel .
the british national lottery run by in british firm .
since its introduction their gas been more controversy over th national lottery .
when it promised to time 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise tat most or all of this money would go to charity .
the his also been some controversy over the location of money .
for example 3 million pounds were given to eton college one of the richest public school for a gymnasium money was also give to the royal opera house .
the lottery seamed to be a reverse robin hood : speaking from the poor to give to the rich .
the lottery has also suffered legations that it is wddictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
it his been claimed that it is so addicted that people will spend all their available cash on lottery ticket , only to be disappointed .
it his been calculated that only 4 penis our of every pound received by the lottery go to charitable cause , the rest is tax the seize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
it had also been calculated tat the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , in highly unlikely .
it his also been alleged that the jackpotw as too high most of the lucky dinners have said themselves that the jqckpot had red their life , alienating hem from friends and family .
in conclusion , i think that the lottery should be retained , but of in its present form . i think that jackpotd should be tapped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give often people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
i would also remove any american business interests and give the charity money to more deserving ' charity ' .
now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
the computer as been on of the most influential inventions of all time .
computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as any other area of human life .
in many ways , it has take the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
the most obvious example of this is the calculated , an instrument used by mathneticians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
his his made it no longer necessary of th human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
this , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to dress .
this amy seem an extreme vie , as there is still much in the world of baths and science which a computer can not calculate , but his may nor be the case centuries into the future .
computers had been used as a means of keeping records , the have all bug superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their general studies era ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwrok and to entertain .
computer generate pictures , including ' fraction ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular an hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games term to provide more entertainment the any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
virtual reality allows people to had ' 3rd ' entertainment created for the by a computer .
whether or jot the computer is taking over from the human brain , it as certainly made the human body all but redundant .
people , business or corporations cab be contracted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer their forme of communication to actually meeting face to face .
money can be transferred instantly without even meeting to move the actual one - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how such each bank has ownership of .
however , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is it entirely true ( ! ) computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coming with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can copse and deal with that .
also , computer an break down , and then a human is needed to face control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain asks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
they cried , they cheered .
their faces expressed joy , triumph , ride nd perplexity .
the world watched in anticipation -- we were mesmirized by the images of the to , expecting something jew at every moment and not wanting to less it -- i remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " have you heard ? " , " i ca n't believe it ! " , " after all thus time ! " , " i neve thought it would happen .
" we all felt that we were living one of those historic moment that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- it was november 9 , 199 , the day that the wall fell in berlon-
within a fe weeks , the excitement had due down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
bit of me , this had been the start .
it was the start of what our now as - president bush likes to rear to as " or " winning of the cold war --
it was the event that have the people of the eastern bloc countries the hope that their efforts were it in van -- for 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that bad not allowed the to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a now life -- many people had tried to escape .
some had been executed -- i had a clqssmate who gather had escaped from hungary -- he ha left his family and friends , hi whole life and bad see out of western europe with little money .
i had asked him one if he he n't been scars , scared of what he would find once he left --
he told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- even though i had lost touch with this classmatw , her father 's words were with me as i watched the events unfold in germany --
fostered by the germans ' success , the people of hungary , tchekoslovaquia , poland and roman those against communist regime as well -- no , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
whether he people are happier or not , i fan not day --
however , they will have at least seen the " other she " .
their struggles and bones of fifty years will nor have been in vain -- without the " events of berlin wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually , i think that things would have turned out as they did --
however , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the fall of the berlin all actively contributed to the emergence of hope and struggle in the rest of the eastern bloc -- as such , it was the analyst force that red to the end of the cold war and therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the will fell --
the development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
i do to speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
this thing , technology had been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest genesis of or world .
science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a loving for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
the use of the men humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
along , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
speaking from my experience living in the united states , i have some to feel that technology was become a large detriment to our you in particular .
people sa that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
and i would concur hat a great majority of americans live in their own personal closes .
in schools , geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
before i came to spain , a group of children asked me if spain was in michigan .
explaining that spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
science and technology have he effects on the u.s. that can not be described , and i feel that its people have adopted the same " i am a self - sufficient i do n't need any he " the of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very law on the priority lit of our educators .
until i was 15 , i was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time i had only one choice of languages german .
since i wad twelve , i had an intense desire to learn spanish , and because of the circumstances , that i mentioned before , i had no choice but to wait until i wad twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
mine is not the only experience like this .
the effort of the united states gas caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country laws behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we were becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
it is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machine ( calculations ) he meant that we no longer need to be all to work out sums in ou ends , bug at what cost ?
in may shops , the cashier appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without he and of their till .
in many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
many people he had their mob positions take over by computers .
filing cabinet are becoming a thing of the past with computer database .
but even such mental tasks as failing are good for us .
the encourage organisational skill and tidiness .
when people talk about artificial intelligence ( ai ) , you her many funny tales form people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and sill eventually rule us .
these are just the granting of people ho have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind very computer is a programme .
even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programme .
human brains still work out how to bald he computer , he to program them and , more importantly , he to control them .
as for making the human ran redundant computers can help to improve learning skill , they an teach , test and improve or linguistic skill .
reflexes are improved ( and the was been scuentifically even ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' hobbies ' .
we cab expand or imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulate models , enabling us to design buildings and road network .
the computer revolution has no made or brains redundant , it has opened up areas of then we never knew existed !
it is now the air of the computer .
almost everyone owns a computer or has access to ne .
computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in th past which filled while rooms .
they are able to generate amazingly accurate graphics representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equation in must seconds .
computers have become a huge part of out lives in both the areas of work and education .
nut are they such a good thing ?
when calculations came along a drop in ability of student for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used of the simplest calculations .
the computer could do the same thing .
computers encourage laziness in the general public , shy work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
this is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
for instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was you can simple use a " spellcjeck " to correct your english , which is absurd .
for the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figured .
this could be argued to be educational .
however , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and groom of the house .
they should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
it is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
i find this preposterous and people a losing he ability to communicate and form relationships .
computers van offer escape from the hum - drunk routine of daily life by means of games but hey are mind - rubbing and un - inventive .
there is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the for fir man .
this could lead to high unemployment .
these people ho work with computers foe long periods of time every day face problems .
the relation of tapping less all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
computer may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
there will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at some , people would hardly over talk and the only career available would be for computer progammers .
i agree that computers are helpful gut people should of live trough their computers and be so radiant on them .
they should had books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
as , in schools i feel that work should be done mainly by and and calcupators and computers should only be used monimally in mathematics in order to step the production of computer addicted and again are normal people .
there as many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
these include : the erosion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of horrid high - yield cross .
there can be no doubt that genetic manipulation nd genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
however , any people dislike or a prejudiced again , genetic manipulation .
partly this is a ' far of the unknown ' ; something which papers with he intrinsic components of plant and animal live is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes rear .
hat people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individual .
this his been very good to feed popular culture ( th film ' jursasic pack ' being an obvious reference point ) .
there is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purpose .
this the , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
anything in life cab be missed .
whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a ar used to ran someone over , or something as harmless as a pillow user to sufgocate .
everything in life , if missed , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering ad genetic manipulation are no exception .
though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger then a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
certainly we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible ford their disuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to disuse .
the fundamental la in saying scientists must dear the major sudden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radius , quite simply , anything above the mud hot ' existence .
scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for entering itself .
the other fundamental law is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , science is a process of discovery rather the creation , in .
no - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
if one scientist does not male a discovery then another one will .
it is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
the only argument for making scientists responsible for this work , is that quite often , and particularly in he came of genetic manipulation , it would end a scientist to disuse knowledge , an therefore they should be responsible .
while genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
but , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientist , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be head responsible for other 's disuse of it .
there are many problems facing the monarchy .
some of them are listed below :
the divisions in their family and the fight between prince and te princes of wales and the possibility of the divorce .
the other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do of do anything buy the her rich and also they do not part any takes .
another problem is that people think that monarch is abolishing in man countries and many countries are republic so monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
there are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy too .
for example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politicians hat always last .
i think the royal family and monarchy is a a tradition in up and anywhere in the would , up is known by its royal family , so i do not think it should be abolished .
in the en i think if many people what the monarchy to be abolished a general election should be called and then see if monarchy should be abolished .
" in vital fertlisation " is the fertfilisation of an egg in the laboratory in . in a gesture .
the egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimism the chances of fertilisation by the speak from the father .
once fertulisation has occurred the fertiised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
normally more than 1 egg is take from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilizes at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
this usually leads to multiple births in .
twins , trifles etc .
there are people who are again his , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having started life in a est rule , as they believe like stars from the moment of conception .
there are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
, at what she should th treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much one on in it fertilisation for one person when th same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles of example .
the people who are for his can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their on child .
women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invited fertilisatuon .
through no fault of he own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in healing her to have children .
technology his progressed quickly and in going so ethics and practical guideline have been left behind .
i therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations in .
1 . fertility treatment should it be given to post - menopausal women .
the menpause is the body 's was of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
last gear there was a case of a past menooausal woman who by king about he age was give in vital fergilisation ( if ) .
i do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child since he mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably fig while the child was in he been .... their should be a test that is given before ( if ) is carried but to check the mother is not past the menopause .
2 .
eggs should not be taken from adopted fortunes .
the foetus will have been absorbed fir a reason for example : if it was te result of a raw or if it had congenital deformities .
there should be a guideline or law saying that eggs should only be taken from the other and hot from dead , fortunes .
science was moved on dramatically since the 19th .
any new things have been invented and any things medical have changed .
people in our modern time are now able to have liver , heart an been run transplanfs , there are any complications hut many are successful .
people are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lack the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cells .
all the above as carried not on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
bodies can start their days in a test tabes .
this is called ' in into fertilisation ' .
this is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and them paper is placed in to the test tube and the egg and set use together .
the test tube is then incuabted for a few weeks and the the famous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
the famous is left to grow and develop naturally .
this idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
an in stir feetilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would deep part of he , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
what i do few is ethical incorrect is when a women who is post - menopausal decides the wants a baby .
nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to are any children so shy should she have one implanted into her .
it is jot fair on the child because when it grows up and all it friends ate playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and i am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
also the mother jay die of of age before the child had led a full live and this would be unfair to the child .
the child may also have to look after the other in he old she .
as the fetoius begins its life in a test tub , and the speak is selected , this means that the sex of the speak could also be selected .
the way the sex can be chosen is by using genius .
the some was 2 x chromosomes and the man was one x and a y - chromksomes .
the was in which the de can be selected is that the egg is always x and the spurs nucleus can either contain an x or a y chromosomr .
the x chromksome speak is slightly heavier than th y so they can be separated .
if the mother wants a body y speak is selected and if a girl x is selected .
this mat head to an increase in and sex , and a decline in the other .
as a result thus would reduce he population as there would be less couples .
also what happens if most people the year you are horn are men and to ate a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
science is progressing all the time , but is it for the be ?
the man reason for the people of britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the treat of bob .
this is a vital disease that attack the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
in rows it is commonly now as mad cow disease and by law and cow showing these signs must be destroyed and jot sold foe eat .
the problem is however the signs are not shown of a long time , this being a vera disease .
it can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these part are usually sold and put into fast folds such as beef burghers .
the rest of the mean however is relatively wife and eating , e.l. a speak offers very little change of the disease being passed on .
however the british press had ignore this act and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of th disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
another reason fir the british people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former joint buy bob .
these factor could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sole of british dairy livestock it only in britain but or export swept .
with global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about british beef - indeed france and germany already have restricted and somwplaces banner the sale or import of british beef for fear of it 's safety .
although british farmers have learned to diversity , daily farming and the sale of been products still forms the backbone of british agriculture and would completely change the face of charming in britain .
whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
people throughout the united kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiforj encephalapthy , or he .
the so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the claws lost all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunken .
herd where this disease as found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
those cold which had been out down were not uses for food .
the disease infect the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid with the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for left , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not filling to take .
the human disease , crentzfelx - jacob disease , or cox , is believed to be a human form of be , although no clear link has yet been established between the to .
it is unclear whether incidence of and is on the rise , or whether awareness of th condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
the government insist , perhaps correctly , that british beef is perfectly safe to dat .
however , people are genuinely scared of the presence of te disease in the u.s. , and many are abstaining from eating been .
man schools have removed beef from the penis , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have show a decline .
th implication for the beef industry cold be rather serious , there everybody to boycott beef products .
to compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains scdptical .
if beef continues to full from favour , then the been industry 's future would be unclear .
beef products her present in any foodstuffs such as bellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubs .
would all these products have to mind ysnthetic or substitute ingredient ?
even if the entire beef industry were to mind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for mild products .
not all beef cab be infected , though , and the situation he become a waiting game .
foe brief to be repressed or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not be and ca are picked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by saying meat contaminated it the former .
the nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests the there be no prove link .
watch this space .
personally , i believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing and no than ever before .
some reports say that it can take up to 20 tears to develop , so we could all already have it .
whatever to believe , i shall continue to enjoy my roast been and yorkshire pudding , tahnkyou .
there has been a big score in britain recently that some beef ma contain se ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of and ( creutzfeldts - jacob disease ) .
bee is a disease in loss that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or off as it is sometimes know ) .
after a few reported cases of and , a similar form of the disease found in uhlans , it is know thought that ' had - cow disease ' ( be ) is the cause .
researches believe that eating beef containing off will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
this claim was devastated the british beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in as the contact the illness .
already the sale of beef in america have dropped by about 15 % and in britain they he dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
although scientists say that to contract and part of the cows off must be contained within the beef .
customers are still reluctant to eat the meat incise it his come from some ' podgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
as you dan imagine this had had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurant there beerburgers are the main item on the menu .
an example of one is macdonald were they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefbyrgers as made from 100 of the finds , pure beef an contain no final .
in my views no half recent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a custom caught d and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
an outcome lie this would mean hey would be shed for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
as a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production there would be a lower need for beef cows .
this means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
because of the the price of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
so , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated off may cause adj in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) were losing out as they will have to sell their meat fo a lower price due to the low demand .
as a result thy may have to diversity towards other areas such as crops , milking cost , et . or even have to get a government subsidy .
i feel that the evidence that be causes je was jot strong enough before the claims were released .
it has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
the question of compensation for services rendered is never so single as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's deviation to the task at had .
if the has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , the will certainly be disappointed side one employers are sure to value their stills and abilities less than others . "
contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
in the 1920 in american , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , by merely lived off the interest of their investments .
the stock market was experiencing a book , and several formerly working - class citizens became healthy and relieved the idea of retiring early .
hut several great authors of that period questioned th right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; the received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
people who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can of buy .
having almost unlimited health changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
but do they have the right to live this way ?
what about people who work very yard yet they see to be paid miserable .
a emigrant work may stage away in a field all dat long and make less money in a dwy than a wealthy person spends on a lip at lunch .
the answer this question lies in the 's feelings about democracy .
some would argue that if a person is smart enough or luck enough to earn one for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
a rather had view would be the if someone who works on a mental or physically taxing on does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is hid or her on fault ( or back luck ) .
these opinions are based on a rather faulty american praise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their on responsible .
apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others ar overlaid .
fo instance , everyone terms to think that doctors make much too many for the work they do , yet not of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
so , unless we with to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work hard , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does it believe the deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
i agree that in the past women have had problem with societies role of who they are expected to do in the work place and at some .
women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with th same job for a man verses a man doing the same job .
gone is the age the the woman is required to stay home .
no a pot of women work and the one that want to stay home do it because they sat to .
a lay of what has changed women 's rules is the feminist .
these are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
these people had shown the modern world what women in the work place can do .
the problem is that these feminist have not looked at all women .
one women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a hit more in their lies , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
what happens is that all women have to go along with these feminist rules .
this makes it hard , because if the do n't , the ar looked down upon by their lies .
an example is military women panting to serve in combat positions when at war .
feminist argued this a log when the iron war was going on .
they felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
i felt that these people were crazy .
women must ca n't vight in a was very well .
the a not strong enough and if captured could be rapid .
they deep that it is not hair that men as the only ones .
other women , though , and glad that the rule in the united states stands as it des .
feminist have talked about promotion in the work place as not being sir .
also sexual harassmjent is involved in a lot of suits .
many women believe that hey are the victims .
i agree that five to ten years ago his might have been true , but now man employers are the victims .
they and dared of what a woman can do and sometimes women felt looked at differently .
there are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do letter than women .
for would have created us all the dame if this was not true .
feminist are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
more and more office jobs are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
i think that the traditional ropes were a good tying , but the modernizztion has changed everyone 's habits .
divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having lore heart attacks , being more sterssful , and buds are being more neglected .
modernization is good , but i think that women should not be pressure into this if this is not for the .
there will be a woman in th presidency , and running a lot more companies .
women should be created equal , but thy can only do what nature intended the to do ...
whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotyped are quick to form .
people normally associated with politics , religion , or art as quickly lumps into categories regardless of individual differences .
his tragedy is worsted by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
this is especially the of the some 's liberation movement in america .
wince its beginnings in he late nineteenth century , women 's liberation his been met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
some of the first radicals , susan b. anthony and george sand ( although french ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
at the same time other feminist such as emily dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
this ignorance of other less aggressive feminist , made it seems as though the feminist movement was headed only by wid , disgruntled zealous and was therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
although " radicals " such as sad and anthony seem divine and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
from the very beginning the women 's movement in america was been fighting a losing battle .
however , i contend that the fault does it lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of these observing the movement .
when women 's in really took of again in the late 160 , it wa again destined fort failure .
immediately , the focus was on radicals pike stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
those outside the movement could only se the differences between " formality " and women 's lie .
this is still due twenty - five years later .
women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bar - burning , ants - shaving leaders of the 1907 .
the good of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
so what am i getting at ?
only that so - called feminist have not in and of themselves hard the women 's movement .
however , the popular perception of them was .
for so may years the good that feminist have promote for women has called by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , r.e. radical ideas .
like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it wax being aimed was mot so jaded .
within this century there have been any technological advances which have resulted in a drastixally different society than that of a hundred years go .
clearly , of he inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is te television .
this instrument was brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
however , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste them ; one has only to turn it on to the out reality .
television as potential to offer wonderful things to its viewer , such as educational programming fo children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than cab it be given by newspaper .
television has the lower to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society he opportunity to understand the own culture more gully .
however , this is not the wa in which television has influenced society .
on the contrary , television has become the escape rough of the masses , a wat for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather that confront the and to to understand them .
in the kinds of most americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational to , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
millions of americans an be found to be staring at the e.v. at by on time , watching sot - come , soap - opera , and cartoons .
the e.v. has become the center of many households ; in any families , the only me that everyone is together is when they she watching television .
e.v. is a major cause of lack of togethernesa found in many american families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
he more time on spends watching to , the less motivate he becomes ; there is no need to see worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the such , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
television , therefore , his changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
it as given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other may , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
however , throughout the years , television was lost such of its integrity ; he program offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
the entertainment aspect of television ha offered society an easy escape form irs problem and difficulties .
therefore , since the invention of television , society gas become more informed but to lazy to think about this new information , and has distance itself from family life .
a discovery that he significantly changed many peoples life and their was of thinking is the epidemic , known as aids .
though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's presence wasn't really been known still fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devastating .
aids his definitely he an impact on people in the united states an probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
it as caused a let of prejudice and paranoia among people which has turn them apart .
fro example , there is more of stroma attached to being a homosexual pale , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably had aid too .
this kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
also , when ran white , a boy who contracted aids through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
with new discoveries of aids , patanoia is at an all them high .
doctors are discovering that some undetecyable strands of aims do exist .
this has really scared people because the may he side and not even know it .
i feet this has really made people think about their actions .
in the early eighties " casual sex " in the united states was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
relationships seemed to be value more than one right stands .
people are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , i 'm sure more changes will come about .
the twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
in the second of the world wars , the face was on to create the mot devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had even known .
in my opinion , th discovery and harness of atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclei weapon had been the most significant facts of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetime .
as missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear been to replace nationalism , and out small world erected barriers between its members .
from my experience as an american , i can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , soie citizens with nasi - christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbitibg our planet , with daily , normal like .
perhaps his increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold was as .
in a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country his spent unaccountable trillion of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
as a commonplace gold and testimonials landlady to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested to awesole power and control over nearly every facet of american ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating chief executive clmmandpost from the air .
in must the past threw years our family of nations has men th dismantling of the berlin wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an en to oppression in many circumstances .
with this , the wall , varied fire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change that or planet was seen since its genesis .
although the old habits did hard , they are indeed dying .
in america the military had been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheasd has virtually arrived a standstill .
hopefully , with continued efforts , out use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn for medium of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
with this thawing of attitudes , or frigid planet and cold neighbors ay on again be a warm and friendly people .
the discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was on of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
as a natural antibiogic , penicilljn was discovered to have may use in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
this " wonder - drug " also led to th discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antiniotics that could also be cultured " in vital " in a laboratory .
this sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need to medical chemists to study and classify each new dry as it was discovered .
as discoveries of new antibiotics decreed , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of thee drugs could be sunthesized an also used as medicine .
it was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
both of these new attempt caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and he industry increased tremendous .
it was discovered that the old drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biological active .
new drugs were also synthesis ; some wee found to be medially useful while other were not .
a variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the wag people thought about taking medicine .
it was not much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
have enterprises , such as upon , were formed and grew , and universities had research tears devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes to the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
the discovery of one compound le to he increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a boiling industry comprise of research terms and large companies .
the synthesis of antibiotica and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
the modern microcomputer ( pp ) had evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 194 's to the computers of today , there had been any technological advances and all there has been a tremendous impact on society .
the computer has eliminated many jobs through automatic of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
the effects of th computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
the computer his made life easier from a physical standpoint nd harder from a mental standpoint .
the physical effects of the computer ar numerous and easily seen .
in offices , the computer is everywhere .
from word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
automatic of factories was also eliminated many manual job .
also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.l. a calculated .
there are of course many other things computer ar used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computer are .
the mental effect of computers is to - wolf .
firstly , computers he made mathematical amputations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand of or way their computer works .
this has created a surplus of " needless " amputations , figures , etc .
people can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
who many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the the .
granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or letter stated " was abel to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddle with errors simply because the are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
due to his errors frequently exist in th world of computers simply because humans are ignorant for whatever reason - of many " variable " .
secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable then people .
a computer 's circuits do n't met tired and , if programme 100 correctly ( another perhaps impossible amputation ) , never make errors .
thus supposed reliability has left may workers out of or .
the effects of this ar predictable .
anger , frustration , fear , and many her negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
clearly , their is evidence of good and bad results from th advent of the modern computer .
it would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
ye there a practical solutions .
better mathematical education is needed for everyone who use a computer other than a simple calculated .
also , curtauling some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
the key is probably in the classroom .
people should learn more about the ratification about what they are doing .
( his probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
in either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
a large , 1/2 leg , sometimes as large as a small fat , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
the satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
in part , it had treated the information are , as the later part of the with city , is often labelled .
not certain about the date of it invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools us in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment would .
ted turner revoutionized the use of he satellite , with his creation of inn , the round - the - clock , round - the - would news station .
presidents and dictator alike ditch the channel to believe first had information from the network , such as impeachments , coup l'etat or civil wars .
decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news non commentator .
the leaders and presidents of enterprise such as oanasonic and core refer to can , created by satellites did , on a daily bases .
stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
the entertainment world was taken full advantage of the satellite is , submitting the information age , with the mt age .
the creation of mt in 1890 , had dramatically changed th entertainment business .
the money poured into creating video , and the profits from viewrrship- have had a strong affect on he world economy .
40 of u.s. millionaires were entertained .
the satellite dish had also created distinct advantages for cable to and naval programs as well .
the intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
naval programs gave wasted exceeding amounts of one in the united states , die to the satellite dish .
and on must not forget space programs such a stalwart .
th creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , had altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
it his created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertained 's salary .
the park 's and cob 's of the satellite dish as numerous .
the only observation which can be made , is that : it as altered people live significantly .
it is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
the discovery of the atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as will as terrible invention not only of the 20 century but of all time .
in 194 , j. robert oppenheimer veiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : the atomic bomb .
the reason behind the far that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
for this reason , it is considered the most war - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need foe this dangerous energy augments .
for not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to supply and energies the world .
the drawback is the danger .
in utilizing the power in plans and factories we fun the risk of contamination our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering ou seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
although we had any other power sure alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
it is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we ca escape him .
already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have heels in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
it would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and spire to put a stop to nuclear see in an effort to avoid and further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
the saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very new efforts to do so .
the lack of sight from or leaders is almost appalling .
with the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
te current situation of the word 's environment is a and one .
it is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
unfortunately , the day will soon some when the damage caused by this apathy will be irfeversable .
this is who it is imperative to any today .
it starts with you .
write your local congressmen .
an invention of the with century which i think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
the extend to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
the airplane opened doors to traveling ad also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
it also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , tim consuming task .
for his reason people said not travel extremely long distances and missed te opportunity of visiting countries with sutures very different from their own .
in could travel by boat but this was inconvenient ad often dangerous because of various things lie disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
because of the lack of long distance travel people often had a very ethnocetric and limited concept of the world .
i have learned a lot about my own culture just fro being in spain and that is the only foreign country i have ever visited .
i can admit that before i came to spain i wa very ignorant about other cultures .
even though i would watch the news and read about other cultures i still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
the infection of the airplane as opened may doors and one other door is international relations .
since the invention of the airplane the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
the frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drasticqlly the establishment of international trade .
the airplane has also basically needed up te whole postal communication system also .
life with airplane is more rapid paced .
care , telephone , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effect on modern day life .
we must remember , however , that the field of technology is not te only one in which significant dances have been made in the th century .
another " discovery " of this past century his been feminist , which has had a significant impact on the lies of both men and women .
of house , the issue of feminist is not a new oe , but it is just within the last century that much progress ha been made towards the equality of women ( wit the important exception of women winning the right to voted in the 1800 ) .
as recently as the 195 , it was still the most typical as all as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
the first significant equal rights movement in the u.s. was in the 70 with the equal rights amendment , which failed .
even today , the woman is still only evening something like 60 events for every dollar that a man evans .
feminist does not only have to do with work and money , by also with the image of women .
it 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we sue helps to form the image of women .
a recognition of such influences on th image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so tat women are been for who they truly are .
feminist is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that was not yet become mainstream .
only the women have achieved equality with men , will there ease to be a need for feminist , and the discovery will have been completed .
the idea i feel that has mist significantly changed people 's lives in the with century is that of daring for the environment .
today , people gave before aware of the importance of environment to our future .
people as concerned with nuclear weapons .
we realize that countries that which he man weapons have the power to destroy the world .
also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
nuclei waste is ont on harmful to humans ; it also killed animals and plants .
we are now fighting for acts to clean up of lakes and rivers .
companies are no longer able to freely damp their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
people have also become concerned with nature .
we used to assume out natural resource were never ending .
now , though , we realize what we us , needs to be replaced .
for example deforestation is a very big issue , man ground he formed to plant more trees .
we also realize our fossil feels need to be used more conservative .
another important topic we are all aware of is recalling .
this links 2 issues , oe of not producing much nonbiodegradabld products ad the other of rousing what we have .
( recalling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
may countries realize hat cycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
another important issue is that of conserving energy .
in the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're nor in their rooms , to not leave caps running and basically mot to waste our natural resources .
we realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
we have also become mode considerable of out animal lie .
we ate no longer above to kill animals freely .
we do still raise some foe food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
on realizes that animals have rights to .
in conclusion , the idea of daring for the environment is still a new one .
we are slowly becoming for aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
the ideas above ate just a few of the topics we she now concerned with .
but we are heading in the right direction an hopeful by he dusty century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
computers have definitely effected peoples live .
i have a computer and my life had change because of it .
i 'm able to story almost all the information i used for school and for other things in my computer whereas before i had a computer my desk was clattered we paper and records of all sorts , i no longer meet to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
this jeans i 'm able to store more information in an organised fashion .
though i have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , i 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which i have or will have .
aside from being able to store great amounts of into , i 'm also able to process and to exit things quickly .
for example , without the use of a computer i had to balance my checkbook one a month and ad to this we a calculated , a pen and a piece of paper .
of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . we the use of a computer i had programme the computer to make the calculations which i once had to make .
also , we the us of the word professor i 'm able to dig and arrange documents w / but altering the entire document , and furthermore , though i have ye to use the communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
my father had th same program in his computer and is above to buy on line tickets w / not leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
also , i realize that my experience we computer is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
i 'm nos here in madrid .
how did i get there ?
well , i applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew here form the us .
bug , w / put the use of computers i would still be struggling we the secretary in the international programs office at boston university , no doubt .
instead , once i applied to the program the application of which was probably computer generate i assume my if was proceed by a computer .
w / out this luxury , the international programs office would inevitably inubdated we paperwork and things would therefore be last or at last misplaced .
when booking my right , though i did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus th aid of computers .
computer have had a most significant impact on the people in th latter 1/2 of the with century .
an invention of the 20 century that i think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
to allows the instantanwous communication of ideas , image , news , etc .
now , if something is happening in by part of the world- from across than all the way to beijingv -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
while previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - had accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now they can see it happening , to themselves , as it is happening , this allows the to make their own , inflamed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is fihalized .
as will , the fact that so many people ( especially in the us ) have television serfs means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
so , or example , people in spain can be informed about who people in california or japan speak and it , this allows people from different cultures to some together and discuss ideas .
in my opinion , his is one part of the process of making the work a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as ne journalist has called this world of the information a .
ont only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
they can see various action acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of their actions , without having to perform the same action and experience the consequences for themselves .
unfortunately these to ships are not always accurate portrayals of fell life and had a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life see the good guy always wins , and always lives thou dangerous situations .
however , this sense of reality is mot so distorted , and so bidden that people are going around acting like supermxn .
as long as one his a well - developed sense of reality , to can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we love in .
the waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistent for centuries .
progress was love slow like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves have showed little changed .
however with the daybreak of the twenty century a storm has breed .
with tis storm the waters have churned and spanned a wave that was crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
this wave is the imcrowave .
never before his such an invention revolutioniaed a science like this .
a complete break he been forged in the by food is prepared .
at the dawn of time , cave len choked animal fresh over open fires .
as history progressed , slits and bargees emerged .
technology as the advent of the wood stove , and later ones ruled by coal .
modern times saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
all these things had on thing in common : fire .
flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the foot of mankind throughout history .
however , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
this is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and gorges new route .
if this were not amazing enough , the kicrowave cut copying time in half .
if you had told someone 100 yes ago that to could cut choking time in half , and not use rire , they would have thought you crazy , or befitted , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
in an age where time is the scracest commit , our society has embraced his eliminated of wasted hours in the kitchen .
a mother who works , dan come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been saving in the kitchen .
the miceowave is excellent fir re - heating making it easier for people to make excess fold to be eaten later .
again me is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
of as i have said before , there is no fir !
this marvel of technology has helped proper people into the dining place of life that most of us lead in the with century .
throughout history on can sees that great revelation in all areas time from breaks in tradition , new insight , and different perspective .
all these were needed to create the micrlwave which is essential nowadays .
eating is something everyone must do .
this device has red up one of our must important activities and this revolutionized life in the fast paced 20 century .
when i was in tenth grade a teacher said that the 2 must important invention that made possible the dear of a oppressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
a machine run fan be used to keep civil peace , enforce marshall law .
the radio can be used to communicate idea and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
in the with century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of ratio his made a tremendous compact .
the idea behind the radio is simple .
there is one transmitted and it send its signals through the are , waves , with potential for millions of receives .
in the with century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
radio keeps people informed .
i do ' t think and people of my generation can even comprehend now our lies would be different .
every morning i listen for the weather format and dress accordingly .
at night one can if by the radio and head bow the events of the day unfolded .
ado , hence , gives people th option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the near making process .
newspapers had been around for many years but it was nor until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
radio gives the ability to each may more people , instantly .
as a form of entertainment , radio and its mot important and now more common offshoots , television , has changed peopled 's lives .
a typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school nd coming home to watch e.v.
there have even been forms of entertainment , fo example videogames , made of his other for of entertainment .
nowadays everybody watches e.v.
my sera , fro example , is over 100 years old , nd fo her e.v. is the greatest thing in the world .
she its in front of it all say and it keeps her happy .
television offers soap opera , game shows , sit - come , spring events , moves and much more to keep us entertained 24 house a day .
in short , i in ' t know what life was like before radio , ut its invention has changed the was we see and do things .
a current ideology in the united states today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one yes not do this one fails .
one can she these ideas in popular media everyday .
e.v. comerciaos ad e.v. programs project nodes of how one should be .
in the 20ff in , the value of / that the united states was founded on have changed in meaning and sense hen applied to modern day america , nothing was ever equal .
and today , once the intention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life fo americans moves at a much faster lace .
people are more mobile , can work more , and by more things , but time for relaxation an family are often substituted with e.v. in america , this growing individualistic society , one nolongsr sides the relative humanness between people , instead one sores the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
with everyone moving at such a fast lace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
the parts of the new machine that been ruled and regulated .
when voltaire wrote candid , a literary style know as neoclassicism was at is pea .
there was a group of scholar in france , l'acadekie francais , that set guideline for french literature .
according to l'acadwmie francais , all literature of the neolassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issue .
another standard upheld by the academic is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping he time , setting and log true to life .
voltaire , as a neoclassicist , new all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
however , when waiting candle , voltaire defied the academic 's rules .
confide is a party on the guideline of neoclassicism .
neoclassicists led for literature to have good manners : thy did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning ses , violence , church , or state issue .
in candid voltaire did of see to mind stepping on trees - in fact , he did hot mind smashing felt !
voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
he fold of te two girls of trillion who were lover of monkey , and of th baron who bathed with the musselman and was pushed for his homosexual act .
sex turned to violence when cunegonde was being rape by a barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on too of her .
the lies old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
after the baron is caught bathing with the mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
candle stabs the baron , a jesuit priest , after the bare forbids candid marriage to chnegonde .
ironically , although voltaire mentions any acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; th baron also continues he tale with style after yelling of his beating ; and after candid " kills " the baron , he leaves to search foe cunetonde with no second thought until he encounters the barn alter in hid travels .
the light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the party form in which voltaire writes candle .
voltaire chooses nor to stay away from the church and state issues .
he attracts the hippocracy of the church in the old woman 's father bring the pope .
when candid visit the land of eldorado , voltaire show he people 's prefect relationship to god : they only praise god because there is nothing they want for go .
voltaire see this perfect relationship to old in an unfealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with god in the real world .
voltaire makes in of aristocracy in is description of the baron , who came from 71 generation of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
fancied and hid companions done wit 6 dethroned kings who represent th oberimportance society places on hierarchy .
in his portugal of the utopian society of eldordo , voltaire oils the imperfections of our society .
according th under , 35 of homicidal victims are killed by someone thy know .
statistics from 56 are greater than under ' thesis .
frustration is the maim factor most implicated in these tragedies .
most cases are those of the " trigger piling the fine " .
today , racial prejudice still exist , but les action was taken place than 30 years who .
thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a but , vote , or go to school with white people .
desegragation deduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
the difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 yeas age .
i would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
that person would then feel obliged to do nice things back nd return favor .
this is based on equity theory .
it would be better for the client to do nice things foe the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
someone who lice in the north who comes to love in the south may not be prejudice toward blocks at first .
after living in the south fort a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward black and feel prejudice toward them .
this is conformity .
the sake yes for southerners who move north .
they come to feel prejudice toward jews .
i know someone who has lived all over the world .
he is prejudice toward jews , black , and mexicans .
he adopted white attitudes against munorities in the different regions he has lived in .
or country he bee cooked a " melting - dog " infecting that we all come from different that we all came from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous americans .
but a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
ethnic american cultures have ben reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped of to a model u.s. citizen .
he differences they are discovering only add are color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
however , some individuals and even groups of americans are reacting negatfively to the ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
they do n't want to accept these differences .
they choose to remain indifferent to the lights of their fellow americans .
as else wesel , author of such books as night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
the opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , right , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .
ethnic american literature tries to fight this difference by vividly and unique expressing certain aspects of different american culture .
the gaunt of ethnic american literature is without bonds .
each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that made it 's writing unique .
in man cases the words used in ethnic american literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
for instance , native americans poetry is more expressive and visual party because their language is deeply route in the observation of the natural environment .
chinese american literature is philosophical / liberal because their native language is so .
african american literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in jay and blue music .
all these examples ( and lore ) give us she insight to other cultures we would otherwise never now .
th stories told in this gene of literature , however , she likely th most important aspect of ethnic american literature .
it is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the united states .
when we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
the stories of black american saves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
without learning about the part ( and present ) horrors there is no any to ensure future humanity .
ethnic american literature benefits u.s. citizens in many days .
it opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
it gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
it help us to understand our personal relationships better .
most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
hopefully we will someday fulfill elias wesel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
different is beautiful !
violence on television an be seen throughout the man channels the cable gas to offer .
with an average national to viewing them of 7 1/4 hours nail , the prevalence of violence in broadcast is a serious concern .
television programming in the united states is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( hepburn 1 ) .
many children watch violent to shows because the action thrill them an van sometimes cause the child to become violent .
violence is common in to entertainment the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotiv murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorist , and war ( hepburn 1 ) .
television violence is prevalent in the united states and some people disagree with its effects on children .
the v - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shoes .
some people , such as the senate commerce committee , are not satisfied with it .
th senate commerce committee approved bills creating a partial ban on to violence and a so - called report cord that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertised sponsoting it .
the bill would apply to bnroadcasting and cable ( stern 1 ) .
one of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the senate v - ship , the house v - ohio , a technology tend , a violence safe harbor , and a violence report hard .
these proposals cold work if congress had some support .
the national association of broadcasterfs accused the senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
the no also insisted that broadcatsers already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( stern 1 ) .
some television show show violence because it appeals to adult viewer .
if a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television how .
many made for television voices say that it jay contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how man parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
an exhaustive examination of the broadcast network ' programming during the 195 - 195 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of saturday - morning cartoons ( sense 1 ) .
how much violence is there ?
the most violent cartoons she ' teenage instant nina turtle ' , ' spider man ' , and some ' bags funny ' episodes with elder full .
as for the show containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
the cause for television violence is to add texture to the snow and not to prison children 's minds .
the infamous v - chip may step some show from being shown to children , but on day that child all see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
