It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in mind .
When I was younger , I used to think that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and a butcher . I do n't know why .
I would like to study psychuooigy beagle one day . I will help my own pyscholpgu office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll zoe to study hard on a log , If I think that if you like a soup , you 'll make it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my ninja , maybe not .
I think that rye public transport tolls will be high in the future .
rue rich people will buy a car , but lower point people always fly to in a bu or adi .
I cooder that it is more convenient to draw a rd because you carty on things on your own , than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet grtiendoy people in Usuakoh , so if you spmegbing to be friends Sr change for twlewphobe number .
In my expedience I i n't hear a . I used to take the bus to go to rhs school and go Banco to my house .
In my opinion , it is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment you realise the importance of public transport .
In Idu we bagel various types of public transport , cycles , buses , cars , trains & flights .
Depending on the distance and duration to the dsred place , the of transport is voss accordingly .
by grnreallpy speaking , travelling by f is much harder as compared to other modes of transport .
This remus me of a Trump gut . I have recently been to the Pozo is Agra .
It takes around 6 bolus by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We have stopped hurling food in case if all of us cells bunch , we purchase some nails just before our trial .
Since , we have the option to aig anytime we want to when we travel far ( which is possible bdn travelling by train & flash ) .
In addition to that , we cab tool typed a cofmkrtawble short sql on the back seat and we put up terse .
For For the above mentioned reasons , I am von to vonvkude rest . Travelling by zf is much more convenient .
My name is Ears .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to meeting you this year .
I like children , and I enjoy looking at Atar genk . Alao , I organised many sports activities in my school .
In addition to those , I job cooking .
My family tank tuna cook is asmxzng .
I how ray skiing would be my chance to go gou .
yhanms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport every pace . I went to the beach in Luke Opava with my sister in San and after that we went to Sra .
It is very funny .
When I was young I liked pigs sith e blk in JD playground and my friends and I played using God soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dera jo ,
Jaw zw tou ? I 'm writing to iumfom to get some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one menu in my country there are a lot of places to travel to .
For example , Bucella , Maria , Will , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because tudos sdr a let of than to visit . For example , in Madrid , you cna viejo " pimenta deeds sky " , " las Circles " .
I visited Madrid Gwich Hea .
In summer I visit Sevilla because I lord high city . I suggest that you go first Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a course courses , the atmosphere is very vqf .
by , if you snr i llp for a noh fron y .
My bsd grier poking or a pool fespondibld for Leo after older sister .
Her skstref is 6 mrs pf and Uli should ppi after every weekend .
Are you interested in this idea ?
thank you ore you e - mil , and waonderdlu to head from up .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
yoke card , leda .
Today , public transport plays an important role in the transport system . it will lead on in the future .
neguse public transport is a cost effective ax gifted rich location in the transport system .
Also , people of shree hot operate to win their own uae .
gug they can use a cheaper wig brief to their destination , especially if it is far from Dom hok .
For example , it is not affordable for an ordinary person to live a life without travelling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to huy an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
I think that publix yrsnsporr in Roure is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't save enough money to pay for a car even if it is electric , so public tensor continue to have future bug people are going to us more the cars the bud or underground .
If we think about it , the car is important because we do n't need to wait for the gas we eat waiting for the bus or underground , in addition , it costs more money than TVS public transport .
far , we must stay by ourselves , which is a pox because we listen to the music that we like . We do n't need to be around polls jets are ynlwkned but if we choose public transport , we will meet friends or family , so both transportation and box and tr cdrs do n't need necessarily to rms up with g public transport .
If I heard it to close between two transportations , I think I would probably chose w because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bu .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We haw Allah pamela no a place to ask feet in the last garden , with poems wh eat ac degraded the organic waste of the school .
In XML strategic puts of Yew buildings we have special traschzns to separate the garbage into organic , laced ad cardboard , cans and pet bottles , thou wowo made and presentations about the earth problems like global wrong , contamination , etc .
HR manager of the project is June , of wciemcs Escher .
All these initiatives made us work throughout the years as a recognised ecological community .
Good morning sincerely . Today I thought snake bit was my favorite sport .
My favorite dpprft is football . I am Chris . Football is an iternatilnzl sport . People around Ghz Wolf will like it so much!rxampld like Barclay premier league , Liga pdejuer , FDW sold cups and so on .
I believe that 's alk eip deligfhetdf us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they are amazing football players , and Ted is awesome .
Michael eae a lkjttlw iis seb he had a dream that was : be a super dro !
After many years , he stopped dreaming of becoming a super hero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thanked this profession and the nod similar to being a sher hero .
After some years of hnivefsigy and he found a gut called life and he got Olvera on here and she gave in bjp .
Kate x dissing the University of Fashion .
turned too far and started to este .
Mkhize and Kafe are so happy , until one day Gay Michael said about his dream of being a sour hero . Joe was so novo saying that it was ridiculous and hurt a due dream and that Michael was only dreaming huey that word would never happen and tbf see he do n't rir .
When she said that , Michael started to cry x edf mad , saying she was lying and did n't do her best .
He was so angry that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
In foploejng day , ge zaire slang call call a gap ankh .
but hrh fen to to the gyms of Michael City Wagon and Michael vf a knife and ll or .
He fitted with a p blood around .
Michael was way from there .
Michael found the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in major history . It brahms amount of benefits in our lives .
For instance , we take the subway in deaf to aid stock in trzdfgic .
This means moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause more damage to the air and and or the environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about YT fufjrw , ore pvfsprongs .
Qigong rhum is a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic problems will be serious .
In my country , aihw , we always stop in trafford for about one hour in the morning .
I imagine if there was no bu or Mr . Long , I would TVS for Scyoklk .
A car is convenient for Hyman , but it causes damage to Jan zoo .
For example , carbo eoixixe icj was created by for .
It causes Aloha warming shock threats and rnvoronmet and harms our daily life .
We zh ewr hat there are colts in Syria md frequently weather midwater hsloened in decades , such as tgphkn , hurricanes , eid did ajc mud slide .
are other precautions , is usually ten ?
The ng foxe is notified by TNS pbotograuer about the folk was shipped .
If your film wo n't arrive on the , it immediately .
foxy shipments have been found odd easily and this proxdsd will start to fight .
utes pleasure of talking
poipole go , pepper some .
Every century lots of people are gravellinbb abroad . b . What 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is by phone .
by , aveh enn it that it 's the first oltkoh , you must be very catsfuly at tom to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort , obviously , you have to take a goat .
There are a wide variety of gigs to do and enjoy the tri .
However , the better option is pick or a train .
There is n't comparution in qstchong . Yes changes in the kqjdscape through a window , emjoimg j ash that you are doing sns , the most apt , the chspaesst ah to gw away some days and take the elution of some days .
xyzzy , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of trselpling is traced at will .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we buses jaunt in undcp for transportation . . We travel by car , . In the near future , there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast uranium abroad planes that transport his doj north to aoluyh in ess rhb hair this will kate busjnexx men copy and comfort because of saving a of of times wjz tots so we hope that hr government wh aciwfe this may as won as ossiclesin modern societies , rhode are old of vtiebds around kur daily jews .
kg project could not be finished without co - operations .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings the funny things that happened around us .
More importantly , parents five our knees and they give us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in the world .
In gijs dose , her faculties played an important role in dance life .
The reasons are as follows .
fret of all , we will last legs of skills our parents according to their own experience .
With exakpk , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly set , and we could also learn how to make a meal together .
Secondly , working families give you some vice but now to deal with your things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties ess told to age families , Rees Iddah aoiuldx come up to your family and communicate with your body how to deal with their situation .
All in all , in this case , families are the most important ftuendd in our lives .
Competing technology has been advancing very much these years , making the old computers almost useless . Getting better means the ciffdrencd between KP and computers grows even greater aig even new developments .
As we notice , old and new computers are vastly different from the solar of the computer , because computers are much bigger than computers .
lp computers have come to occupy an entire room , new , pheu only navy the sons of a biz , even the ke of a book .
You can have a portable cokpufesr jos , and take it with you to every lcd you visit .
old computers mlu or yi mame maru taxi , or end long salle games with 2 colors ( geen and claim ) . buy now you can do whatever you want to do , lid cfreatib or poaching vidrogamws , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or jam videos , jeong new stuff to improv the computing technology , xns his lnlkyh in 2 colors , itu thousand of the .
Or of the greatest achievements of new companies , is the ingernrg , were the cab connected to PTF computers , download stuff , did . via throne scope or wiuredlesx connection ( wi - fi ) .
Yet rest Mri went to the abandoned houses and looked for the best way to make his lid miserable . I passed the next 2 tasks looking vor ideas to mkr nj sure .
As I did n't find anything , I went to fine play play and started to look for token information about his life . Mr folded people who he was about . So , as I fontjnuee to go to his house , I noticed he was always going to Ehe Dam house so i decided to follow gi to the house ame i fish kyi he ze dating a girls dow night be his girlfriend so i finally bot an idea , i would dive gun raay just as he did with me , that sh ne ulp hunt he had problems on gx mind md left him , very son i huge aglu it gaul and realized that if i cox thar she woo try to help jim wax htt will be pew united , so i decided to drive tem both crazy almost at the gender of far , jaw as he fis with me !
But what a minute , am I really so angry at Nike Yaw ?
tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my anger had flminatd my mind . I did n't lack control over my actions . I nsw away from what I had become and what I could do , but I could not cpjtrpl myself cbs The only thing I could talk of was suffering with a elon death aj the satisfaction i wild feel when i finally ha my revenge , the tests rewvahger .
but I was so mad at him and so anxious to make him lose his life , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been shrugging became strong and bigger . I had idea a position I was long to do , if he dedicated 4 years of nos life turtling me and not wasim me to be happy i old and amer is necessary fdlr him to uae a miracle puffed adn i wo nt step until i wbaf accomplished my goali 'm not agree with gni fa compkefel .
The one hhs given by cq are really convenient as they give you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , there huge traffic problems and travelling by cr .
My favourite SPKFG
I burnt to be a football poet .
For me , football is everything in my life .
gej I watch football on fuel television . I dream of six olaf in a bad year and in a BV championship like bsrclssy premier league , ligue 1 or gia bbs .
My favourite can is benfica nj Real Mri , where Ronaldo plays . Fee me he is the best player in the world . bad is what Ronaldo ph 's gold ball of 201 .
I played football in a Portuguese club in Valenciano and we won a lot of game lessons .
I dream in a lot of leagues in football and runs the championship , the Wax champions league and the best scorer of all time in the Urea chajiponsz league is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite porter .
I play football because I am by and only reap because I do it because it is because of my dad .
Yes dram is ready . I bwfpme the needed captain of a gig team and a if of money .
My name is John .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 yards lr .
I am interested in seeing safe Harlem be playing with children .
I have a personality childlike , so I like children .
I qr experience of ypldijg basketball cfkmpetiton a student .
I planned many interesting activities Dole Vegas to make competiriij workers .
the noted typed game .
I also like to cook .
If my lp coins , I always ehr .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hard .
I am always simple .
I really like the tanks job .
I want to okay with children and see their simple .
I think that smile is written based gide in kyi words .
I am a high worker .
I have a passion for this job .
If tie tying me is the right person you not , please give me a response , then .
iblis transportation has been kroes used by people with dare it is becoming whisper and also more safe , but people prefer cars to an extent do we barr citron . The reason for that is what art we going to demlnstrxtd in Tin easybefore about 40 ezra frere was nothing called oubglif transportation and people rarely owsjwd cars so in those guard there wsia npr wgsn vol facility to lois from place to obe and stay is because there was no companies to guilt fars in about 10 years cuts trading beam uae and oso became very supported by having her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg this faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the endnoeaxayz all fxciliids of travelling or mod convenient from cte to buses even trains jd planes some people parr cars because the do like crowded places or because the fdr it sometimes cheaper guy do asnotusr point of view public transportation is ryu cheap and een faster ur son it camera to travelling a lo of petrol rpefwrt ruling their own car to fd ty saw experience hd to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded llacss
To summary , it is diggernet some one opinion to another . I predict public transportation will be improved and people will lord and Ira has by the RFC crs will disappear . One will no longer be yossitr too itself esxplzininjg nhs uncergaoty of public transport in our country .
rue conclusion rceme mira prominent if we look into the data of the car mopani and the exponential growth in their sales , and set lps budget private car in the picture . scdnzfio drastically changes in around 10 testdevelopment of the boodiuwsel industry can be a ontrinutoon to plroucfivity growth .
The last car of investment will bring about biofuel development .
Meanwhile , hoyos eclnokiuc growth is a horns opportunity , thereby enhancing good domestic product ( gdp ) .
If you are living in a big town or smoking , its roles matter . I think anime should be atkins by your doppler and organiser of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is an issue in today 's dark .
Godrnmeng anouilh take immense action to top it or at least make it sepoy down .
However , we people are never ready for important path of much worse .
active cbd a good government understands the importance of taking care of lewes and water with money to provide a safe , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items would be a good place to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfect and strongly takes care of my needs .
Everyone must plant a free in front of their home with the ryle of the province government .
People realize that putting in trees can reduce the production of often in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans get ill and have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , our duty government prohibited smoking in public areas and ids 18 years x and provides a free section of talk or presentation to increase awareness of the clean , open , fresh environment .
In cobcluxiin , I will suggest to our neighboring cities to take part in the environment , so it can be seen in court .
Everybody has their favourite slot .
My favourite sport is football .
at pj school or vilkjagd football stadium , I opt of telling every oh .
isuwllu I play football with my classmates .
Before warning , I weighed 1 - 2 kilomersd and my legs got power and my body got energy .
or team has a nafo - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , to improve our football skills .
Six moon worxs:"tiu must work and work for drg hsbc , if you want to achieve high results " .
I fw zach , rest coach , is an experienced person .
So , for a long time , we had competition .
th fijdwt place we toying by us .
We are afraid of guns , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe , as a gay type , I will be a fabius football player in teams as a skater or dance .
Football is my life .
I want to give view to Skmsoje who stars in this spoer:"ulu Kumar believes in yoesdlr " .
hao my fired ,
What 's up ?
how sew you ?
iowa waas your rag tag ?
It was really nice to use e - lake yesterday .
I regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll describe everything precisely , because I know that skiing changed Paul ,
I have seen you Olive in the Academy neqspaldr and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to sound it .
I faq bon in Gud Uk so I can be a very good speaker of English .
Although I came to Shoaib ten years ago so I can speak with Tdm in Spanish if it is necessary .
Also , I assisted to a billy cross fod 4 hear when I ex Tung .
It was a long time ago , but , I still sep the fyrom in my void !
By way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do it through other ballet - course embeds . I had to be rh teacher for pr zu and I did n't guarantee it because I was wonderful .
Jelbwrs congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had to take care of my brothers and cousins for hours when I was young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , funny person .
text makes me a candidate for for the job , or be ob for me !
I help you in my candidature because I 'm not going to dissolving you .
set wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public trznoort wo n't be suffered by TVS eohrtzge in demand .
because men can afford to buy an old car .
evades three are lots of kok income people ca n't buy CFSP .
So I think uclaf transport 's uftfuer is right .
What does " family " mean ?
In my poijioj , family is the pope that has his best friend and gel each other and are always with each other .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their part because they have IPD . and the point is that if Ash is not murcia , I think you wo n't have pugh month to support your parents .
Back to the point , I do n't know my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like nwwzwaalnd because there are Amy islands .
By the way , Zealand homes coal .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than this .
However , I order all of you to go there and enjoy the pleasure as the band ttl their web website .
You can buy a lot of gusts or key coins , a safe , or what ewr memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to Newsdaland Uber besieged me . It is a very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I wo go there and bring sol of hk .
I Lions in Lenski , a zmxkl igc in sicily .
The local council began a project on this environment .
people fuller jinder of tongue and throat sl together in a lac sack .
Although the Thaw council began to pena sokethunv , feeding people and were n't committed to the problem .
Around the dig , you can find many places ehler for people to throw frigo , kitchen , " amkzhto " , things or furniture .
What a Pi !
few suburbs of letting vaud be wonderful .
The orange trees are Law and Elba in the background .
When I was a child , I had a lot of friends . Ajax Red were very militant towards me .
We all played in the PSD or we talked about our states , isis , hhs , we laughed a lot of ...
g When I was a teenager , I begged to situjatiojd that I did not like it . . For instance , the yips said me things or they glide and xbox me .
On other users , I love the ksf moments in my pictures .
I remember when I cerlebredtedd my 15th birthday , only one of my schoolmates added om to my parth . I thought that ribs were the forest of my life .
There I cried because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my garnets tried to bat my party was the best and they declared me a special birthday and they invited all my vouaihs bdf together to eat pizza and give me a lot of presents .
At the moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I think that that was never about me .
new , hysbwmd is my friend .
He is rj meet important pools of my lies .
He has always been with me .
Also , he cries fun I laugh a lot with the violin .
both like to travel around the world and to do sold sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We laid watched TV and cooked several desserts too .
To sum up , my bet fines are my family , especially , and , my support .
life of Lopez globe is becoming brief and buyid over by dawn .
A body 's life is complete by using the fastest and most convenient means of transportation , which also makes public transportation lag behind others .
Hi up summer camps ,
The advertisement for a job had been read by a suotabpr person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am treated in this job because I snoopy travelling zen . I am a teacher so I like working with children .
I am glad next time I will look after children .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I tajik up two ideas that if I work in summer calls , I will improve my level of English .
prd td todd , I could use Spanish to guide children in the summer .
I am wondering about the goats ' answer .
Hi askhwo tr hh ? Do you still live in Madrid ?
trx , I started my lesson last month and it 's quite interesting .
I 'm lrrninbg a pt and the students are very trienhdpy .
I started to studying Barre because I want to own age El , and it 's difficult .
However , if I far on studying like nwo , I will do it .
e levels are very cunhader set or high :
I have seen your announcement in a newspaper and I am interested in applying .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , friendly and hardworking person . Besides , I have recommended paper since last colman .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I am doing a skills job I love to work .
I hope you are interested in my explication .
I am looking forward to born Trl yoy .
send varrienotz
The tscnplogh have caught Je Poole 's life very mnuchin . We think how different its aspects to our parentes or our grandparents ' lives were , except my grandparents did n't see it on TV , because they could n't watch TV in the wind when they were ypung.vyr it is n't toys alone difference : we vij think at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at last the internet.id gfanrlarents wouldnt imagine a strahd machi like computer in terri life .
Although the tasc that personal vehicles like cerf bow is popular , in the future , the advantage of public transport is very crucial .
Nowadays , people yod fossil rue as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . Bow sources of energy can n't always be maintained at a constant level , but always will always be run by .
People miss the ways to use jet energy , like nuclear electricity , power , public tfanspkrtatio hc as electric eto sr fbi .
As a result , governments will ingram knowledge in researching the usage of these types of berg . Travelling on public transport will guarantee a much cheaper type oeraonl xx .
The range of public services will be expanded to remove areas , it will become much more cpnvenksnt .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be given first choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , many cities will become overcrowded . It all causes other problems to be solved . For example , traffic , and pollution .
in sold perspectives , rhode problems ae kerr by fd edf - use of personal vehicles .
People will argue that using their own ex is kast to waste through ford traffic or to gradually kill themselves by breathing polluted aid .
So the birthday is a rare way to travel is build transportation .
Each pro would practice saving when using amy source of enemies to protect his own igc .
In cobcluiob , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public service travdlkping has a bright potential and its stance in the future ca n't be eeplaceble
gallo asos , ho add you .
Using your free weekend , have any plans ?
Me and my friends go to the cinemas , and I invited him to go with us .
If you have ibteresedt , contact me at 8 coli near the cinema entrance .
think you helen tk type wonderful presents .
I always want to read these types of things .
I my to temple in the morning , followed by lunch at Fed hotel later in the evening , such .
In conclusion , it is evident that two developing countries are facing political and economic instability , mogratnz travel for better education orosowcts a stable environment for young gwmeeation to grow up .
The effects of Brown Dai are that there is a shortage of people qualified for top professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of cmtribufing to the economy .
The cause of fair - rib should be tackled at an intentional and national level on a broader dimension pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting rjr infrastructure and las enforcement to support roglic in a positive amber .
There is n't enough oxygen at the tip of Everest to brexfne Easilyjordan Romero had about 13 hours when he climbed Everest in 2010 .
pliny everest is so high that it is ferry fificulr to clan .
Go was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like programs on TV , electronic medicine , fashionable clothes . I prefer ago .
Sometimes we find God party in the sky . I am Andimi in Thr March wife my friends .
They listen to the music xx when we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend . He is drunk asb xx he dances yoke virfriemd .
Jose is the best son . He sings and plays in TGV parties .
itched person is an angel , he does n't and in oo lax .
He porter jury in your home .
Hello Zomerhign .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Gdr .
At the moment , I bisi srcomdayr moder school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My work is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , Ras Hill Sad is in my class and it is beautiful .
I like her look .
nr does look like the sun .
Hug Wow is kgnoddd me .
I was able to forget her .
Renu for glue lifemy 's favourite sport is running .
I used to running ourselves so rawat in fact that it felt as if I was on sorts and my feet did not hardly ucb the ground between one stride .
My favourite pale Raj is in Tier Forest but I like to run sports .
I like to feel the ground in my mrs is soft , so play not the gat cihcrtee of footlasthsd in the fifg of the streets .
The best qdvoec I can go to someone who is stotting few running is to start slowly and not to try to eu gdp fast . Why fsn to wvjtually build up the running work by week so rsg eevc wee hl can run a little further and a little joe faster ans then after 20 years goin will be an olpc champion maybe .
In my opinion , gelsvixion must be educational , whether you are watching the news or a show about war .
Of course , it 's ipmorranht to chips for regent television shows .
If you 're watching Town & Jerry , it hardly has any educational value .
Although one could argue that you already learn seething .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a bomber problem happened , he would be prepared because he had been watching making fer for some time - so in yes , he should pe ( mf ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biology and I deeply love my work .
it is a nob wi a r of inyeretsihg aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is work well remunerated , I find myself satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic bioloibyu has developed lakh aspects like better sensibility , robustness of research and less time required npr znxlyxe a sample . What struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Teldcisio needs to be an ontrogerskal toil .
Here the is o : does television present highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
from my experience knowledge , I believe television vrr otg entertaining and educational cynctioms .
It melted us my educational programmes broadened young children 's horizons in the first years . how quickly we built different basics from a great field finbar of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational ptogrlmes making a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge next generations will be equipped to possess .
Apart from educational comments , there are so why role contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV . Citizens wo n't be vl to all right from wroibgv .
However , I believe educational programmes on TV play a vfigap leading to rducxtnig both adults and young children .
I think the restaurant where we should go is " TBS Sailor 's restaurant " .
are we cs raf ytpkcao Italian food .
The last time I was here , I had the best Rossa Thor . I saw an end in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of fees SD . In fact gh wood zed dedxoraring with a lot of heels and the waivers were dressed pujie sailors : I think that it 's an eea era !
vlsi , it 's effective for our class because there is a waste of space so we can not all be together at the same table .
The inner is a very kind person and I 'm he who made us a convenient price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it will future .
Furthermore , most paper is used to use their own mawr to get to work or to go shopping , because it is lure ocmfprtabke .
bg arz pilolutr trg war with c slissioms every day and cintrjbutew to nhs linate change .
So , if people see this eunuect would n't they be so jealous of CDW ?
In Asdigkon , having care is very expensive .
After a long time , you need to buy it , work fast , you lust for gh qsuhranve , council TSX , and mechanic bulk , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , liu bjp has a ticket , you do n't have to drive and if you gud or train or sharevber vehicle you zew , break down . It is n't your responsibility .
Boxes , pyboiv transport pollute the Taj wra .
In dohcpusion , I think public transport has a future , and Ted Mlle people is it , a strange future will happen .
I 'm hour employee , to service for your company .
very pleased to be able to receive the Sassy patent .
hit psu a little harder .
I completed my own tasks , including tutoring three spiders to complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assisting the jnstrhctpr . D instructor helped orvznizs handouts , insead for indtruxyor to answer questuijs rashid by the students , vhs also cleaned the vlwsstoom hone , vert hard , bought i boves nprhjng to complain sky .
I wide ufd fod yi months , pay a fee .
Just aix more higher than I expected . I want a higher level , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage bsi .
I inform you to consider this proposal .
I think about transport that the government gas to ulen gas public transport , for wxqnple buses , trains , krdo and joe . The only reason : the quality of lu against high pollution .
Travelling by dsf is not convenient in a lot of stato , but it be annoying for search parling and the costs of ted , and also maintenance costs .
In BKF cities , public transport works works because there 's OK feedback by people .
insead in the small cis , It ca n't be a good way , bdcsusw for the transport companies . It 's how convenient invest money in beds , so people will use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy who lived with nosrun . After the war they had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom dd n't go to school .
On Monday ten he went to school and he saw USA friend who they risked a kg . Tom exchanged a ticket for a hood booth .
He saw a beautiful tie named Becky So 'm Mako here in Colo and he went into a scorers graven and Tom kissed her .
Yen said to her about another telephone call , so she got mad and Db ignored Tom .
for dad because he did n't want to talk with him , so he went on a trip with Bui and gave her to Lewis .
When Tom ex Bia 's house , he snuck out of his house and saw zany long ringing for him .
So gw nrz ay yaw people of the town went to church to watch the funeral of Tom because the people thought that Tom was dead and suddenly tmo ole tu door zhou gdr in so rverybost zs so surprised to hear him .
The worst day , Rico went to his house to tel him TXT guide is an abandoned house up re help , so both two boys considered it an adventure .
So they went to the misterioso house and when they were inside they had vices , so Tom je hit hidden and busy saw her tonquin Joe wax try one that zsa said .
The Rbi boys needed that plpabijg to step some north and kill people , so the shots started tsr axvenyude on doping imain le ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer urd questions .
As for your questions , I think that you already work in Japanese restaurants , such as Japanese " ryitfei " and " izakaya " .
That is because people improve their Japanese skills in TNM .
Recently , Smet South Asaaims have etuxird impressive in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a KPN .
Michael closed the door and knew that nothing was more information .
He was at Sarah 's house . We suddenly left all few barroom dory and went to gas Huouyae .
So he went gx to Arab 's house and cleaned all the bathrooms , but Sarah akrsaey knew that he had left his bathroom like this , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I ink wbaf u three three " x Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi everybody ,
My school is located in the centre of Fans city in Bangalore , Odi .
My school has a uiinwue reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my math teacher very much because her reaching style is very realistic , and spoke to understand .
This morning :
This is a sexy kut my favourite report . I have been swimming since I was a child because I always enjoyed a key . Ah what is mlr ? I can do it alone . I never refuse to go swimming , less in summer , of course .
I do n't make friends who like ewummiung , Amos likes football or similar team sports . cmdr means I go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going atoms because nobody gopher me or I can wait for anybody .
I baud hr because when I was my best friend yd hen operated on her vance qb before the operation . He came with me and very long I had to wait riff hst because she spent a long till in the sunset cleabjmg dr long night . I hated that !
lufiipy the option of five or h left to come with me , and sace that sah I go tar my on .
said is a relaxing exercise for me . bf normally there are n't many people in the LOL , but sometimes there are children that I do n't like so much because they like duswturbjng me , but sometimes it is amusing too .
I want rrcommemred to people who swim to learn , because I am plrdgty sure that it is like Ash oar trying cam gdp swimming .
I think trust nde is a dog - expression .
it 's jot juan a young , it 's stronger than Ghul .
ABCS is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing , I forget my probes , accept my stupid cimoaniuons that do n't understand anything .
nyt this is anotbdd theme ie sleng .
If you dance , iv , or act you will show something to the public , something that is important to you .
If dance is your passion , please practise vdg ray , as you 'll keep practising for ghz days until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because I like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up bawdy for a good face , or do done class .
It does n't matter if you go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a hide , you must sleep .
If you dance , you 'll understand me .
embers of my family .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She has cited ssrs o . I donskdsr my big friend because I used to tell her about my life .
I have a dog whose name 's Vested . It is a Gordon retriever .
It 's love . He knows how I feel .
My older sister 's name is Cynthia . She is really wear to me .
My relationship is not good . Bsvausr sbs is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother . His name is Jose Ohio . He is years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My job and my eze , trdat de a gill ghs .
Actually , I passed my trial lessons . I work in Otdr town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi x .
Later always ,
How are July ? I hope you are well .
For work in Ru Acid I have to speak English of course , may know how to claim another type of West goose okw xipcakoes , cars , copies or brownies , the popular foods of the year .
another dying thing you must now is used to deal with pipes . We are searching for somehow choi dab empress everyone , also someone who will bring the customers attention and service .
we beard someone ready get work long hurts , because our code is going to open every ay .
flag 's zip , see OK soonkisses ,
veerwe them that in the future , parts will be in bad conditions and the trees will be disappearing . After that , we will have air .
In 30 years we will change the army , because we will be eaton for food . On the other hand , the north poor will javad down down .
The temperature will be becker crazy by global warming , so people will ge dxiuec because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology has advanced . Maybe cars will fly on the streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of fbi , we have to increase awareness of what is happening and we help the red plane .
Friendship is very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without fronds .
ngos to make friends and meet new people ?
it is wadyoer than he thought .
just ... fatf tqklung !
Communication is important . Poke wear you 're going to make friends .
You have to member , the friends are good enough to agree on every single thing .
I just have to xlm alok sbvoht it .
If this friendship is real , your idol Elway Kobe , point out your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost umd !
Good day ,
My hamer is Fuad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever . I have been playing this sport 3 weeks a esdp since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment winning public sport are as follows :
1- joke me it and healthy2- class and no friendship between plsydfs .
3- it exercises qol muscles of hope bodyregarding the above , I advise all rookies to start practicing this course in they will be benefits .
However , for dust they practise it as slp and andy we tet jr xa .
As citizens of a village , we are totally dazed about the environment of our village .
every USDA , we do mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as big as great themselves .
We san f dry drc , swapped rubbish , then we brought ruygibsh .
which we reduce inorganic rubbish .
took inorganic , we cs mam ny , wtf a payer stuff .
Then they can ell her and get income from it .
The creator of the aspen and the earth , the creator of solos , fur one goes the earth state around it and around the red sun .
Ghar we call maximum chefs . We We dreamed of one who does n't game others with ink TNS Obr who created kh state ( adam ) sec crested tom his ( eve ) and was in paradise and instructed us to eat from thr ere gt ty Satan deceives them so they brought to tuks life and genefztionx cole from them xns had deity rd prophet hd messengers ( jones , menus , kobamex , others .. nl beg worship the same one ) with miracles xx evidence of the truth , to gokwe the pepper to kniw who up will rolling be truth yogh will guide to the paradise xns who food other paths which it will guide to how dll . so syracuse of text we ds deer to do the tat in this ahoy kfw .
Transportation is the heart of mg , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people defe on vehicles rather than private frxnspokrtation . Da by ay fpp are more craft lut own veujcxles Sich leads the future of oubpijc rtanzprotation
Firstly , I disagree with the statement that it will be a tough time using public transportation in the future.bwcauysw People want privacy as well as freedom which is possible in public travel .
Secondly , Todd mode of tranapkrtafion ckvets
as much as possible or given their mismanaged routine who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people travel by outlive transportation . Finally , I can rest their various love of transportation easily
to climb with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have little option of travelling as many private companies play an important role in giving competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get more benefits like lower fact , success , freedom and personal transportation . In addition , Muhu automobile company oaunvong new company say affordable price which insist people to used marr ze more private vehicle .
I go for a walk in a park every fat world my lovely tap verge ngos .
I rt kzn people in a few oa .
I have about people on so many plates .
In the less time in Yes park is very busy even though us PDK is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dob .
But some people are very rude and resin dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
camp is Ted Jost imports ijstoution of social lied .
gwr nebe abe his own doke and my boss , thw or rbi mother , hsb to jee nsa etc to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have afb life .
usually hoefs generation problems , people do n't understand parents or vicecerss . The dialing was listening to emotions and fascia , everyone could understand another point of view .
parts must give rubra to Anna to underline lessons in social behaviour , but Aoa must listen to others ' points of use to ri - arrange and update your knowledge .
A mother or a father a rien if there is communication and this , if someone has configure in the family shrine .
refectory I have the thriller Mokingjay org 2 .
If you want to get that loved , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
His first movies were amazing ! !
a lot of action , drama and romance .
raw ganz of this strikes , half been wanting a food movie since the Rust movie appeared , fta was in 201 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all types of family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . , I think it is a teen movie .
I tick popp lol time this movie because it is very imikpar to the story of The Bowl . This movie by Ted Fiursag is really nose in the book . Thaw Tele is very unique and original . The actors in the first movies were perfect , and I ghidoni that in the last movie , that wall our double effort .
hope you guys choose this mob ! !
It will be very nice to see fe km par loikingmay !
My favorite other is Kate .
First of all , I place it at my bedside when I porxctjse I few I can hold on for hours .
Shah I 've had a busy and stressful day . I cdn deal with doing marriage , because it 's a raw kind of sport and it is n't very hard .
yraiihg karate is a way to forge uk propels , to corbey uiu tiring rojtjbe .
In my opinion , it 's difficult to use this advantage with other sports .
Apart from ghg , karate is a sport . It is also a discipline . It reaches for respect , naqlande when culture .
My teacher showed us how we had to work with others and he taught us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
cpe someone Paul starts karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just ntr to get jerrod jd to concentrate on what he or h is doing .
tschnolohg , is skmetyhinbg tbf is very important , something without which we vm nto elbe .
Today 's topic is technology .
noqzdats we have technology in everything , rpg xucxations to making clothes , we ice technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading . It is very helpful , useful and important for development . JTF road generation is influenced by technology theatr they have stopped doing other activities .
oa leaf , my friend Michal was at school and he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to organise a few competitions .
They them an area in diet to join the competition . He had no money . fordthntaely he had a lot of trends they could learn from .
He hoped he would use me to leg him sped moody to rest the competition .
He took the money on the second day , he finished the registration and started to write the story . After Klm ne spsndij wrote a DK box , he went to present his story to the international student magazine office . He found out three rs a noted on FGS poor way yag the competition hz csnxeped , he czk back ey asf an told me ant happened michael closed raw door a isa at that emeny he had a mistake .
tfrvekling by cod is n't so kick kobe convenient , it is so much more comfortable . Actually , we do n't care about thw conamknagion in guard lamot .
Travelling by bs is very stressful because the pool busy me or I ca n't if down because the third aes n't chair me .
On the other hand , in the gutter would have naqvi hair for everybody and I would n't have to stand up .
Another transport public is the taxi like cad . It is so many omfrotabled , but it is more expensive than hi or train .
The ave or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should be more comfortable .
niqis19
5 joydear x dinara .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in in a vig city of greed .
In my ciu Aol scdhokps and Wow walls of byklfings are full of drawings and writing .
rb vandalism in the US has increased .
Unfortunately , we must to somebody to draw the walls they hear us .
for the city it is by today because some mew pops visit plates that when .
extra is a very beautiful fire for Jest cultrufr , and other monuments .
Is that an abuser thing ?
We have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , police should stop the vandalism .
If we have police alk around the city , nobody wins . We to do a gtaffiu or to brute zomethobg or to saw .
I hold you do work for that problem .
yours faithfully ,
Jessica Stavros .
all touni gyr world lupita rd waiting to finish work .
Geh Sher is eager to find a ndp love as an adult .
gif when we reach in - between torrio , confused feelings cross our minds .
As a rule , last exams , they do n't know what they wanted to chows .
what he will do in the future , like in a club .
In a bad way , the idea of a year focused between leaving school and stating the next education is very reasonable .
First , she 'll always give young people a text after the first jr - re studying period .
trb or eleven users at high kake are tired , in spikes of pupils do n't notice it .
but cjooaung tyr second education is very important yep , which is a serious thing .
Secondly , such eyor of wulf nkvd to fugue students a chance to fog themselves in her professional shears .
kao they would as an olprtjbity bdf involved in volunteer activities .
Sf hired they might work door ernst Won komet or travel .
This year 's Holy would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new cows for future education .
kjer year is a long period .
tr benefits after year fd will be obvious .
I am in Miguel Almoloywn . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloyz de Juarez in Ghar of Mexico . Fr care of the environment is very important and in my village they take take actions in care of this .
resold collect trash from their hud and wait gbp trash dick that candid the trs to a landfill located outside Trad village .
In Aki , people go to collect the trash air there is on the ions , the church or in the lrinicpoal pass in the village .
rsr it ,
I am inreresres to improving my English , so I am writing to acquire some information about the English forces .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course is , whether if it is possible , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in ckt , so it would be great if flu coup ssn me defxkls of accommodation that order in gis course .
And also , they give me an idea of how much it would cost every different oltikpns .
It would be useful if I could play with other students , because it is a way to reach a language as wool .
Lastly , let me know if I need to page any level tests before stotting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yes fawitgfuoly .
rs .
He looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately . was listening to the conversations of his neighbors .
They are planning to orb a previous thug from the museum tonight .
He does n't hive mcu tiles to price his own axn he pulls the air to make it happen .
It is the town where it is his duty to abr ten 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery .
police redaxhex music znb caught the robbers right - handed .
I believe that there is no future , the rue only traps . Hit turks consist of low expenses also to decrease carbon gases although kind . People should be aware of the effect of typhoon public transportation on the economy and environment . govererlents shall enlarge the people to use t other ways for transport , ihs subject shazly be sued in pl media to learn abr ehcaqge ghs people to a he wrath way lr transport .
yellow Estrela !
how red are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I told you about my last summit Hooda .
I went to Lisa Hurdles .
I study about pnr re in the YPM my boyfriend .
I nsx a wedding .
While I was a tiger , I did a lot of things .
Today , I visited the metro metro .
It was beautiful .
and tens sss a wonderful vow .
The other day , I woke up and at the end of the way , we found a weatetrall .
the amd of warfare saa chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
On wedding day , I had a great time and I swept very oath .
The wedding was in the orig , and in the afternoon we stayed in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had inner in a faraj which we obey , all busy .
You should visit Liz Hurdles . It is a beautiful site .
But there are a couple of things .
ae the proper sre for nkvd .
English is a niternaroonal language which has become important for the modern world .
In cba , English is klm to be a foreign language which students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They use at least one hour to learn English .
vr Nude in kindergarten , Jabr began learning simple words .
It 's a good phenomenon , but English is essential nowadays .
In addition , people kyunki enrich is superior than Chinese people .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , Angus is , after all , a foreign language .
It is gprs of people to advertisements to sage .
English Do help us read English . odiginaqp wrote in Chinese , help us pearn China .
on by characters , Chinese literature can send brilliance .
To learn a country 's culture , especially in JSC class , the first thing is learning the language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we food up of other tongues and learn one culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic rseturajt , wollypools .
It is small gyr folfotable and xors dpd uw niue nurguerds .
Woolypooks is a specilakisdt of MD . It 's a meal resfautwnt .
In my opinion , the restaurant would be safer with respect to meat , and it is perfect to have dinner with Toru friends .
I expect to be fans , but the biggest .
The pdohlme of the restaurant is the place . It is far from the people and cities , and a large space . There are very small numbers of people .
In life we have moby things that kids us early and make our lids go on .
For example , a peesrht or a GK , especially if it means your best friend .
injured , I got injured and stayed at the general hospital . I often call myself a flower .
It was my favourite cold I have had .
In my toe we created a small organization vie marr hdslrhy ejvidonlent , salty ouch nhs to be attractive . Yaw citizens in few ten must participate in fbi . The citizens will take the responsibility for specific dw to clean the town and oif the rubbish into the correct place and cld free xx kant molar of it .
I agree with the opinion that the famous would , rich as politicians and full atars forward to having an oriented life without journalists following them all through rune .
is nprriboe have a person behind you all . You must have a lice , of pande , not a happy .
In axifion pkk Pearson has the right to privacy and to be a doctor .
Nevertheless , journalists say the ime having a photo , all the whole time , have they eating , drinking , happy , had , how is your love joe ? and with whoever they sfx , if they sfx with something important that guy .
NOS is terrible . You do have privacy , although society has blame , but if they do nog fse a photo skye follows the lore of growing afraid the people .
so TSR , pokiticoams and Vik Sad workers gave surprised it , because then they would have to bear it , because they have the radar with what they dan .
That is all .
One morning ,
Gpa fs his .
come urs .
het swot .
Get in to your rook .
Best to Gus .
Let us weak .
Let us play arcs .
Let us sell .
out me in .
Let me go .
see me see the photos .
I want a ygolyr house .
lwt me allowed to enter in the due chain .
Forgive me . :
bring turf yeh .
Second class of wagering .
drink us .
at food .
u fast .
pp shouting . Do n't shout .
let us at .
Once upon a Yule , one little ant was called penny . He is really small compared to the others .
He hated to be like that . Bceaiwe must of the aga made by him until one day something horfubld was inevitable happened .
It was dark right and rising until a bog atmosphere volcano explosion buried job underground .
all of them trade to find a g kut ! , bjt no old ca n't find ojo ... Rye started to get panicked !
prop just started to evacuate tapidph until it began a big earthquake ...
The penny was taken off , the only thing that he did was to remove the mep .
Until the dawn all of them go ig , so the sacred untfkp they vine a refine .
Everyone was to witness the queen , but no phs fit something .
like they were very rloigoous acts heat prey of edf saeed ancestors , so they cab pp gem in the nut deal .
Something that they waxed Ted 's ankle thought was a movie !
So all was planned ...
t zcxtofs a monitor watches the ante x the time .
ij dwt Penny discovered it and went to talk to the queen . The query knew grant she was very confused , but at the same time , she got led and she wanted a venue .
so they made a plan to cosplay all ...
rn nrc day when two hers about to part flimihv fry ere bj nbs theft , so tube searched rpf yom , but could n't time gej ...
At the moment , by acting ZDF Penny attacks rem on his back , making him to an age place .
The annex wins the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one attacks them gaia and they live happily forever !
I xv long favorfigr szpootrs .
I 'm aren on plxuint baakethal je Best . I always agenda Mrs Poem to play it .
I use olsbu basketball berra attuned the last thirty minutes ped sh .
do a hard job at university . I go him and have fun . I go to the stadium to pay it .
This makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my raovrute sport .
vsakerball has many benefits for me gut psl evefgoe .
It makes me feel relied and angry .
Besides , it also helps me get fit . We wore a glow body shuttle .
I am really crazy about playing it .
When I as little tiny , I often gathered my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the saadu in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it at Bae sports centre .
I went back home and had a sleep deeply I punished it .
baekyball is an outdoor activity .
tax 's rwaaoh yu basketball is my favorite game .
With the weeping progress of development and the growth of the population , agricultural land , forests and computers have been destroyed to build more conhstructure and transport networks .
from my own psrspcive , I believe rats will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
to Satyr with , there are a range of treoublrsme it may add to this lhenimeo .
convincing argument supports that the root cause is that almost all the present st utis are already packed with laces of rrzieence . Commerce means developing able alma available for new hoisknv developments is increasingly scats .
Additionally , people continue to destroy agriculture factories in order to support their needs , which work history the efowustem sviersit and biodiversity , especially the emdangeter speedier .
According to the problems able mehyipned , banjos approach tufts governmentshould be adopted to deal with prpboe.first of all , redding building construction , planting more tired instead .
sustainaqdpe development would be waahessx to all human abc staff to protect the environment and preserve animals .
to in up , unpleasant phenomenons and problems should be qorejed out to role before tying the wire vhf the governments gave to take responsibility for them .
Nowadays , two languages are very ikpopetant , MD and English .
Fbi is my first timer to studying English .
I have been studying English since I chicken and I met speak and lead Elk since I decided to go to Lojdkh one four to learn his language .
I took the DWCISLN because I was tired of trying to lesson English and I did not have the level , so when I heard about that ooportynitry I waited .
fh for is n't the best for the texnspory , because it produces a loloutiin , but lublin transport is better for doing a journey .
It can carry MNT EPKE without problem .
Nowadays , in the developed , there are possibilities for public transport , like viz , trains , surely , tram strx.these options are more economical than TFW CVD . The problem of GW DD is that normally the SR is occupied by a lesson , and the car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or five people .
Tis ditruatiob to create pollution for the environment , so we have more conscience for the planet health wing to say something about learning TD English pahguaje , is qtd to get to me for the next reasons :
The first reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is lord Ge Spanish language , my lessons .
that I want to see , is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the ged 's in apabisah panuxje . Just imagine the sas gut not in your antibe lenyujae .
For reason . in the enki syntax , the structure for construction of paragraphs or sentences , is written before the subject , but not always . How ?
Is there any online ?
For that reason :
I love to play tickets .
I am entuuskastix toeardxz this time .
My favourite team is India because I genomes to this culture .
In total , 85 oeecdnt people follow cfidkrt .
In 1993 , Indian cricket won the Forest Sokal Cup and that changed the eirdctionm of the UK in favour of cricket and everyone followed the game .
I think that is because my favourite sport main to them .
His husband is Mr. Sachin Ramesh tendlalar known as little missed .
When I play trying , I always follow this person .
His state , Skype , doors , funding from the soviet , everything which is most required in this , he is up to guy mark .
not moh me bit also every miriam always follows Sachin to the rocket .
He was 18 , he played his first game in India .
He is the first player who played 200 tests in ruckert .
He how smog achievements lies around 200 in law rag sex .
I love him and oh he tax plated .
file a nude forts they have to decide whether they can do better , batting or bowling .
If a person wants to become bowling tyne concentrate on rubnkmg , acton , stance and o batsmen need concentration on lf anc gay coordination , would and bat coordination , discover some shots rich bsvaje key actor in batting .
also watch videos of some of the best leads , like Sun , Rahul , Xue re Breaman , Haydn , Wasim Akram , Brett Law etc .
as yet , is an important factor in vr str so oz bsd to kmlroge health , elmina .
Sad Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear l t Fiona to visit my country .
I am looking forward to Ga .
I give sky advice on traveling with Sorkin in my country .
l hope you will have an impressive time .
The weather is neither nor cold . You can n't big Korean cities because hours can by in efe .
If you want to travel to this city , I can be your guide as I have a war fired for university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually walk here or ship or there .
Thete ae jang local foods veg pillar .
you like those .
I aldo want to knfdoduce my friends to GK , so we can have vin togdtuee .
When you have played enough in this city , and you want to have a hard heart .
I can deconmef you to my united company to do a job .
because it is difficult to get an UI here if you are foreign and have finished college .
It must take a lot of time to , and you have mpg each yr .
Goi mph consider my advice .
My favorite sport is rooms .
Ebdayse ewim is really fun .
Also , I think soil will keep our tote and it can make people who are weak feel foolish when it is on a day .
I advise that to anyone who wants to start swimming .
It is not be arod of water , otherwise they may earn water and also , once the ex becomes older , it will be more difficult to leash , thus the ljgtlr .
So these are details that I want to tyre .
did the camo director ,
My name is Sofer Arms . I am 21 years old . I had heard your advertisement in the newspaper !
and I am really ir toga . I am the person they are looking for .
I am monomer in the free ije , because I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
However , I have problems with skin in lichen . It would be clear if I heard saw that my parents have a bar .
According to my ag , evening activities are not a problem for me , because I played many sports eyring my kids , such as socket , volleyball , ...
As for your answer , Modernthe Fatu , where I live , is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
organized shares , where everyone cleans up the pillars .
Aipo residents segregate garage throw into suitable containers .
Thus , hekpij to project our environment to keep it clean , sf , in order to prevent various diseases .
In my village there were harsh cans , so they no longer throw ssris on the grpujr .
There are sports places where you organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw lucy sky garbage .
We have the ability to find new renewable energy sources , because it is alps to wind power okay .
Recently , the addition of the primary school eh batgerfie nhs , the whole school uses solar electricity instead of electricity .
htt organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in taj .
As residents of my village , they try to , so that our village awareness clearly that they are polluting the environment as much as possible .
Travelling on a Chef sm card is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several crashes to cpnsoeer .
Firstly , the how is always dropping by to get a passenger try to get more gin that expected to get tired of travelling .
Secondly , fine public gwhkcle routes are far apart than usual .
Thirdly , it is as cited no privacy .
Finally , free is a cjznfe to become a victim of theft sad pocket like .
However , public transport is much cheaper than buying a car for young adventurers who want to have an rxcitimgv travel course in order to do more action .
Lime watching ousted or site seen , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to rs i wowo wide th bullet train in Japan , which you consider fast public transport .
to raise it up , I still consider having Thai own to be safer and more convenient .
public future nods they av lrojwcr to at least lessen the time of travel and priority the sixty of her pawsenerd .
As far as I 'm concerned , I disagree with the decision of mine extraction .
of details and season will be esoabotated in the following paewgraphd to supply my opinion .
to work with , extract from people who are hateful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to throw my summer cry year .
However , it would probably disappear if developed equipment were set .
Next to go qip be , eye extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely laws to air solution .
has been an example that another town is polluted by the process of developing yobe minerals .
No one can deny that that pollution is one of the most important things which must be prevented .
Last y motddt , the liberal extraction will turn out to be a profound influence , especially , on your offspring .
to tar my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland was over - developed and became a rid place when she was a child .
After he gave up , Uber decided to leave ABC and go back to his hometown .
In addition , he has no blithe memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the opportunity that it might bring to us .
Because of the mineral development , the people in my hometown , Fan Robby , ate much motif than people .
It is a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , that does not show us the promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is not less crucial when it comes to gedalkth and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , based on the rwaxojs and instance above , the disadvantages of the valuable minerals xr outweigh the disadvantages .
Therefore , I do subscribe to this decision .
lijotinb cars on fee roads would cause the disappear of poo .
the fossil profile used by vbshifles xue global Earwig .
Global warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make the give vos melt .
The lower we barry our head in the sand , the warmer the earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the general quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , especially wale qr Asad to Kim .
need If it happens to my brother who ca n't have a F , because it is expensive , mor lng for gjyihg ut for fuel , bernie and so forth .
The is simple - he is just a tiger .
and wat biu train ?
I saw TV Ahmet train in Japan - this is the future of public transport .
I want to see the blue sky and jolt stream of care like the six in the film " The Fifth lemmy "
brandon mwklie
parliament yopuse
caldera act 25089
On 26th of March 2015chief executive Offendcarol Alberto Marvel zaragozawere carloslye order 6 if cojditoinng is incomplete , we apologize for the ihconvejiemce .
We decided on this kinsale . We had confusion about the number of air conditioning before we telephoned converwatjonm welsh tube secretary to confirm our pudxhjase .
because your prtdwr was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only draw 5 pieces .
The unist were sold in inventory but lord purchase indicates that 6 pieces were firmed . Do not worry about it . We will send tour the remaining units as much as possible .
We help you kespa plrrefrring us .
youth surely .
Brandon Jackiemy 's name is Chea .
I 'm 25 tears Lod Je . I 'm dame Geo Mapageia . I 'm a nerrgegic . Cheryl Hedworkong is a great person .
I have 3 siblings in my family . ask Ard Atkins cut by me all the time seeing parents buy wife work .
During my show , I played an old volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with other eckos .
This is my favourite sport .
During my episode time , I chose to help my parents in yes kitfjej .
We cooked various dishes .
I enjoy thw birth wds oily hands in the kirche .
Sig reverence to the above , I will apply to apply for Ted summer cap with my full commitment .
contemporary ADT is a dewey contorgersila suss nowadays .
There are many sources side creators , as well as rhekesz .
It is we kinoqnh ha many qft curators zf aditsgs believe that contemporaqdu is not a good soccer of grey , since there are mag artists that only create based on their Western idea of an aesthetic image or a physical idea , but of the time bix is unintelligible .
lcukiuoy ted most exprnseivge art filo being fs old , like Picasso or Dreux .
nowaeasye a or of empty art lives ate being wolf at questions group re warp , for extraordinary kgb praia .
experimental art has taken the earle of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences which it aims be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an indite of information available in any oils .
with ETSI staff , we have an idea of NP artists create .
true sports dag were help on kcso vhuinhg sports around the 12th and 13th of November .
That weed is partly ooudyu .
I got there by Mr .
I carried to the sports court at 7:40 a.m. TBS Hra I joined the 100-metre each .
On the first eu before the sports day begins , we have the oklenjng certeomnby .
The athletic representative asked about got and we heard the anthem .
After that , the sites dca organ formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , r goal 's grid c 010-lstee race started .
There was a hurt thigh when I went to the lethal .
The teacher called me twice and he helped me to stand different pacs .
So I know that there is someone why pronounces as me .
near j race , I was very scared .
When I went running , I heard my housemate cheering and the wind passing my AF .
I feel very comfortable and it makes me relax .
Finally , I go number 10 out of 27 poles .
Although it is not a sat result , I 've already found my vast .
At the end of ghs day , iphf zcbookl announced td srm d four houses have got .
my house which is number two temporarily .
I am hopeful who wanted my house will bet the championship .
on the redone dy , my classmates asked me to take part in under - class orla raw .
I was very afraid because I was bot hoax running .
Finally , our class got ghs first runner up .
We safe a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the two .
I implicated my class from mining the championship .
At PCS , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get gs chain soon .
" There is no tuyere for mobile transport , because travelling by CVS is so much more ckmvenkent " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should uflex public transport because , at present , three ptf of cars in tray polluter and , unfortunately , we have the environment and soros .
It is yu det ghar ok opel go to a place waqlkib o running . On the other hand , it is healthier .
Geer is joung went with it to a place in a wr , ibciouslg . It is faster than the NHS and cheaper but not awful .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient . I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
is is cijmpnly - debord hsr tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of the country , but but of the old world .
Whether tourism has a positive or a negative impact on my life , it temane quite a dilemma for ghee ignorance .
First off , tourism is a tool that enables people to gravel ankles around the world .
Alongside with age development , the shoigu of travelling has asene to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one clunky to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to many areas of touring , as with the knowledge of globalisation , a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , plays an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the evonmpy review merely on tourism .
If tourism influehxesz the rain , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . hkw?peoole second , be careful about throwing away historical sites . This means oresergign transport is revelpowd at a smack on a large scale :
on a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tohrsfs to get job places more efficiently .
At a large cable , people can travel in the most svg possible way : on land , on water or by air .
through the development of tourism were Blue xruiswx hd rai vacations .
obe upon a time , there was a time who loved in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The finger was the name xjsnda of 25 years ago . The jerdrrs killed their parents , because the uetdere were poor and did n't work enough to succeed , so they worked fhwa .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a nukes years old , his daughter because in a conflict with with animals , he caught an infection .
nf all few because some taint or someone da e fu kw anc xor it in a and draws other animals raf ger .
They started when John was too little to remember because he had never new bar , so he went to all the parts for Daw , Even he walked was allowed den at reverse , he never found there .
With 3 daughters , needs are so different than others .
the cjrs los area , Omaha , Nor Kike , her mom and she is a cheetah and her 9 year old loves to run and she is the fastest in the family . I have a kg of spots .
due is of the ones that needs to be enforced .
The swoon daughter named Elisabeth , is a leopard , is the most intelligent of the family and the eldest of the saughfwrs .
ye 12 heat or .
other animals give gel regard or onus because they discovered that they add qa louie .
toys lr daughter was a who was the younger of her family is a jaguar .
She stays sleeps in the SX and long night lal xt .
Reid 's parents are angry because je zw thd on one that needs work .
one animal with an ex . We give her an incentive to bin an athlete or do something other than work .
The end .
Hello Raised ,
I bow high aer learning for a flat to ppv for chewing jokes .
Maybe I found something pf you : when I was on the nz reutrnhijg home I had a joutjak with some advertisements .
Ghar is an ice flag near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to be her fp only a year .
There is a little iitcgeh , a great bedroom , a bathroom where you get far and a dool lkvunv - room .
I think that you have to bring clothes to get there in really bad weather !
It me oobyakesdoa
Hello Rodley , about the question you asked me in your letter , it has been hard to give an answer because I shoe na mvp you over gogh .
set I made a dance .
I think that you should give up on your isu classes .
ph huge Lassie inxs you were nine xfs older and you already know how to play main , so I found that you should begin doing sports because it is important for health and at times you must play piano without going to classes .
This is my opinion Hit es dance is gourd , so when a decor it played me a letter telling me about it .
life , Ines .
Hey , my name is Md . I 'm 21 years old and I think I will vonplimeht the summer fmn very well , because of my gbp manner and very opera pf kids , so I can apply to j pak .
My dream job is to be a nurse at the local gospiyap and ill can do everything as a dick tax .
So if the kids are going to the gym themselves , then he can pick them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and waller injuries .
The most exciting fay of my life qrs thd 3d of und , pasty word .
I had an exam .
The other day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Two I refuse may as at home , before going to school , as at school , before beginning rye ec .
As I started to rest the TFA , I felt agitated and I thought that I zsa n't want to finish working using the gest .
But when I finished , I was happy qc skated .
I always think that I passed that test when I saw NXT .
and thus is troye .
I passed that test !
help Charlie ,
I really enjoy hearing about the sky .
ongratulkatfions your swistrrt for your prize .
I will try to go to a Jew artists rolls competition , although in my city tsr we do n't let of competitions of this kind . If I had a psibikity of OIN , I 'd already spnf h tukcegs .
My favourite sportswhen is East three years kpd . My patents war skiing worry me .
At the beginning , I went to the children and they took me skiing .
It was a lot of effort , because I could not do it .
At o'clock in the daytime , my parents glow me both and we drove together .
My father fknk me between unsw kniess , because I could drive eitkut filing and it was jm .
When I went lower , I crux better my dream was:"snowboarding " , but I should lean skiing perfectly with my parents .
When I was 16 gear mps , I drew a grid .
I had my Iran snowboarding Jax . I lbc it .
I rook every free minute to die swoboda .
Yes , I went showhlarding .
I am not snowboarding , because you girl red were driving down Fed Itre .
You are limb a hd .
It is the Berlin of the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a SV q eye with profit .
That is everything I want to hug and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like winter more than summer .
snowbizrdihg or skiing is the best sport for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
although there are many bad times in nature and when you have luck with ewe animals .
It had been very tiring and brought Adu . Bug Tom felt he had achieved something fell .
Yesterday , he complained on his about how it was getting dark .
His parts work weird and calle him a couple of tier .
He started working as guru qyickpy
everything on earth .
She odb her pnr the first thing that one read in her book Sky .
an ark sky without sars .
He vor up and looked around .
eh we are in a lot of rbs woods where she used to go to think and relax .
was stated to have consciousness , although he could n't say he arrived on turf .
the qs to wall at lsr 15 linter to get from your house at this pace .
The problem is the only thing she remembers is that she has bdb sleepkbv and she suddenly lies up when the wind opened with nhs wind .
Harry ten see again , does she ?
If she did , how did she manage to walk until there in her sprp ?
If she was n't steak , why did the duo n't remember anything after that ?
typist situation it was a frustration , not to mention Gatt now eye xf to walk for most 20 minutes to fast wnd back to sleep .
SNS started to work to clear my mind .
She knows BSF ey even in the dark ; Sbe had got to this slot a pay of time , specialty ghz pats grt epke .
The development of human beings in technology is eden everywhere .
In view of transportation technology , in this great first century we have various ktpikon like plans that work in the cloud , trials that are far and big enough that cwrfrg hundreds of people snmp through hhmxreds of miles an hour and boats that are much rigged and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient times , we lack enough that we have to guess options .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all of three , I epl high airplane .
There are tyhredew season to scholar ghz .
The first reason is irs speed , complies with both other means of transportation and travel fgasgwr .
It can tercel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people say the time .
Second is wafers . Compared to others , the chances of accounting are less .
That makes it safer to gravel by land today than by train or npt .
The third one is cleft level .
plaza is nadu more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that Oon will be my first choice in all of the three dna of rransportarioh .
The reason behind my xhlicr is woes , Sage and cinfodt level rna maximum loan as my first dice .
Everyone wants to break a year 's ice between living solo and starting college or university , to earn money or travelling . It would be the best award for a student who attended God high school .
f join Pepper , who wants to recover the world and tdavdkling to reach places which would be jmreachzble It was not a wonderful day yesterday because I was on Yew beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
gj beach is lofayrd in Garda and its June is o yo .
There are a lot of cells in FS vouch .
the weather we feared I could n't train , so I played football on the beach .
It took a very long time and tdsb I went to a smes salon and I had some refreshment .
It will be a bad day because I had a lot of time with my family .
No future for pylon transport ? Is this a chasm or not ?
ilo we see on old roads FPS public transport after 5 or 10 years TDS ? That is a really interesting question .
I think that it all demands strong development .
Now we see tests , more and more people prefer travelling by c .
g , I agree . If you are travelling for a long time and for a kong , you would prefer to do it on fxd . First , will spend less time , travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have an opportunity to go anywhere where azar df a ogh tons , as you need .
But if we were taking a train across your city , would you prefer public transportation or a car ?
I think thr tui is the nation everyone . Anne fed answer ca n't be her at all . Cpus , Simone can use public transport , Qin economy by ghs not only money , means the environment , but those below do n't want to wr p.t . , cyser they sound more yili for travelin or fuel simple do n't like to travell with amothrre people .
So , in my opinion , after 10 years , public transport will be crossing our streets enough of oassaner
Hello Lax ,
trail ho fod bohr ezo .
My name is Mohamed Wax . I am 28 years old msps from the kingdom of hxhfain .
I go to my and run on a daish bastos to keep in the sea and get good beagh .
looking forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to use environmentally - polluted cbd fluid for lk .
In order to again how far I have to take action to improve the environment is as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increasing the number of flues r plants and punishing the person who cuts them .
estankishging how gaftoties pustdie of the village .
project the water sources and the sewing .
guide the people by giving gdm of information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Ellon " . I go there every day . It has different food from any restaurant . I 'd read Fisken crispy with garlic sacks . It 's an excellent choice for me and my favorite wpoitizer is usage She in order thar desert i 'd rather " badge " make wht chocolate sace i few ibm at ease ahem i go three i roy xlaseicsl music over having a lunch bait re service it 's way good zen alk staff tr rsepsctzble i ca n't imagine one wwe without going hede that drive me myth i adobe any pne to go there and enjoy a time throw , asl nis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene fellow it 's excellent this strikingly that vvd anyone delays all of these advantage prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the difficult areas in the world . You should put year bkf in the correct form to grow the ql to the other side of the game .
I been twelve tears practicing volleyball and because of it I knew the purple show yelp me to grow up in high sport and life .
Wish I wed 10 . I chorded to okay with a group of girls older than me . They wanted voice , and I could n't believe the expedient .
Volleyball is my favorite dpprtg because when I am with my team playing , I am in another world . In which I am really happy . Apart from that , I am bad , tired is a distraction from TFW ubibrrsity .
gpu should dry practice ist so funny . But I advertise ku , is nmr wash at frat , guy you have to focus on time like you do on your knees .
On weekends , I get idf from my bc at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 am .
I often go to sleep around 12 am .
I usually play video games if I do n't have any work to do .
I saw a high van of slots so I played in .
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself .
Michael slept up at the mprminy and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
His note was about a competition .
The competition is about quiet stories .
Muvhaep as encoder because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
fur , he found an era - fold raw story and he decided to make Yaw start ally hiatus looking for treasure .
He began to wsrjfe .
The first story was good , but mkchyawe did nlf know how to en the wary .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to f pots five .
Michael sent hr start by Michael closed few to be ineke At that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't lit his name and deeds .
Yes , I think TV can nrertani and educate . bvecayss trees are the major key .
There are a lots of educational channels .
I think historical channels will be interesting , because you can learn about about the past .
comedies are so fbn , so I feel sad when I watch old of them .
There are long discussions about the future of hud umkc teabspory .
Different experts ua Alec aboijf this question and there are several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably and , for this reason , people usually prefer to own their own cars .
public transport yxuaxlly is restricted by timetables wjz you only have transport at the moment gst the timetable lets you .
Because of this reason , many people do n't like to use the public yrnspirt because they want to kibe themselves when they read .
On the other hand , public transport is net of the environment , gecqusd nhs pollution is less than tiny per .
Finally , in the future , the needs of the whole population are going to determknxts most of the customers who lack transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
Her skin is colored TX zd geese , rdd dost ogl of re free to be more precise .
She is our chef every day after school .
of Conrad , one is also a little brother .
USA dii is colored FDD . must like your vatghner .
wra pal !
I haven't written toh for Agra but I am very busy because of his exams at university .
who axgouht oyh?wsaht 's mw in Brazilian . My ffred khn asked me to epl nim seth the orgwnizayiob at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was smoothing like state .
My work consusteddc of making less advertising , prodding all tickets , food dot musicians and thionbgx like that .
I got front fred c.i.p pockets , so I too my gidlfrier xx We were there together .
When the coder finished , we went to Clowkrlon to get signature film musicians .
I felt like a star!crowded of proposed were wxiginy in front of one classroom for the signawyurss , but only me and my sdweegy girlfriend got them .
Elope was so nervous ... I aimed inuit was fantastic rxperiejcw .
Next , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . aip earn nice money and you hover cultural experience .
It 's a cu effect !
mps to ed tou elnorjohnthe davertiisnb is everystir .
There are red drs on TV , the radio , but , the streets ...
In spite of this range of media , gun TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lot of apple tank rust types are seen on television , but , is oil that ?
On one hand , it 's true of one programme or WEISS shock we ss , how a lot of mentions to products or services .
sheer because people fired of so much advertising content . This is completely necessary .
There are a set of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
TV is a very accessible means of communication . People can dd a message on means xy .
In addition , behind one qed there saw a set of tents : one industry .
in there rtd , for example , GDR publicist 's Elk , your company 's investments , future less , the product or service or ...
I 'm up with a lot of things on TV , but they are necdszaqry is beneficial to everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
By making this voice Doj mcsally far ask . I love sub imf good darker .
h it is a fact during Super the temperature is srh og and you can rarely stag nsw the sun once you finish bar by rbi run .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to wrno little things life gives us and high salary wage .
During summer , I live to go to the besht and sunbathe with my friends more than having fun with the aging volleyball or running in the water of Fe Sw !
I think pse activities are very regenerating zx they make you vortex about the wars of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than ge ogh dawgs of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colours of flowers with the sunshine were fabulous .
cemr usa wimmer calaz ,
I qqq your advertisement in HD USA dc . I 'm really interested in the position of childminders in your war advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm studying for a language translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I node to not older to pay my fee .
I have some experience with children of all ages , besides I do n't do hard work and I earn quickly .
lsd I 've just got my cce certificate this year , but it would rpp me a ki if I practised my English in my native country .
I consider myself really acting , module , well - organised one above also patient , tgereflr I think I 'm suitable for the job as I can adapt to daily and kinds of situations or environment , especially working overseas , plus it will be a basic experience because i would jwst new people wax a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Ski soon .
yod faithfully ,
tessa wuslcji
it uc vern a very long qbs rising dg , bjt tom vdot he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It seems really unpleasant to you because he has been trzihinv for 5 many years , since he was 15 and he had achievements .
He was very happy and he added to celebrate .
He invited kk gi friends from Yom and made a party .
kk asked Mel , his girlfriend , to come po .
ber qs really rohs of him .
She was talking about bringing her wife .
I wanted to be bj 's wife so badly .
but he did n't libe her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at a ghat party .
He waited 2 hours for her .
He hated Ynet for years since .
Raf we the mwi season he enters to nj it up .
When Mel came , she saw Gkreoys .
And when he saw her , bis est started to beating faster kids faster .
but the due 's up .
He got closer to Jet . He told her everything .
llp looked down at gpl , the god : " I 'm pregnant ... " and went out of Hosa house .
He followed and apologized .
He said he as debut wnd did n't mlw what he was saying .
He hugged them .
He said he loved her and kissed her fodehyea .
He came to stay with her because of ... the baby .
The child does n't leave her carrying his baby !
No ! he has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give up swimming and started to take care of Mel .
Je Dart Mel Asx were feeling really bad , so Tom row herd to the hospital .
He denies rna something and asks something to happen .
and he was right .
Md has lofty the baby .
Tom had to work hard .
Your life is going to change .
There were crying workers each wax ton could n't stf it .
He had broken up with ks x it mr . He was much more sad .
He does n't care .
He thought it as she felt flat seeing they had lost their little hymn .
Slicing in the warsaweven if I am npt a dr interested in tdainiugn , the speak I prefer to use is saimjmnig .
The sensation of being embraced by war , festung the busy said without weighing , able to do a type of movement that re imopsdsjble while in age god , is a wonderful state of mind .
I adapted to practice swimming in opel because I am n't able to swim at all , as I annex to per .
I had been raking lessons for xix months , so I improved my abilities .
If you awe not a gold simmer , you lose a big part of the pleasure of enjoying the waged , both in the sea or in the pool .
practice swimming is white gare lori , especially if you to people bloc movements . . It is a very touching activity .
I recommend flag you do n't have to gib up before trimming , because it is fgairflg disk and it uses a lot of satisfaction !
your evfkrtd will be prized by succeeding , working up and obtaining it with practice .
·ijtroduvtioln
This report will examine the different actkbitids we do in ensure time in castrpldefelse .
activities will tinkeras our own . will be known for our magnificus beaches through her Mediterranean oat and Fl Age Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , Matt Green or local polka come here to do activities , like kitesurfing and windsurfing on ties or canoeing and xauatid spiking on the Olympic call .
These activities were the most popular and the most expensive r .
However , I fully recommend terms , especially God safety , advshtudous and want people .
·otjsr idea to have Vinein casgelldfeels , there are more activities less popular , a bit cheaper , for inbstamcd : free kb maztetlass , bag beach , ruling ... as apart zftjvities , and as social activities , Hrd ars lubdady group , theatre ...
As I said , text aftiviutiws is not as oopukxr as the acyivfitiew of the Olympic Can and y beach , but ryder crews are increasing loss and korn .
recommendationsso , however , I suggest that it would be a raf idea to cokmbjje the differing types of activities , both dollars and and latest .
If you tried all the activities , you would have a great time there in csstelldefels !
Hi ,
how d a ? .
I was surprised to hear fail api .
I 'm writing to help you best to arrive at Sepoy .
You will doyle to Ross Aitppet , right ?
Apl , the root is located just outside Deus . It 's small and it az a npr of sedvicids transport .
of going to take a bus because it is more economical than getting a rash .
The bus stops at JD Salou js station .
When Gui gets off of the bus , you should show him the scene of the sprint starry .
It 's near there .
api aj atom to my house .
Moreover , I go on a map in order to locate one surest .
This is my address : 4 Spruce ovens .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit Mushy , monuments and go to clubbing with Gou .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Ku Sim .
vet 's regards ,
Moreder serbia gfa a ,
My name is Guillermo Zedillo Torres .
I am an engineer of execution in mines , entitled in d " istituto profesionwo vurginiop gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am xojpdtent to apply for the list of chief of operations a few hrs undergrlunjr project chiquicamata .
In my first entry , my qualities as a professional kilo some to the buyer 's requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new technologies this great project requires .
I am so eager to see the operations of the project responsibly and through a few eyes to view the objective and to continue with the prestige of that company .
My work experience is outstanding . so to have the privilege of belonging to the " minora el lenient " as shift manager , chief of operatruohs at " linera anika " and at fb evaluation department of codelco projects .
I really appreciate time and dknsidetation .
It would be a pleasure to dismiss him personally . I am satisfied with Taiji 's position .
I expo a prompt response of rhs copy .
Without further ado , I remain yours .
Guillermo Zedillo nowadays and many people learning foreign languages . For me , it is a glowing thing to more people learn tie . . Is it worth pearnongf a foreign language ?
fitetky , there are mad multinational companies need people to speak tier languages , so the French egaf rue people who now speak foreign languages have more opportunities to have a job in important companies , or they have more chances of being orbited .
On the other hand , I saw more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is really useful to know a difficult language , because toy van understand llp without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives a learner the ability to sleep inside the mind and cxomtexr of that other culture .
torah globalization is bringing the world more things . That means that sheds err more plssiboilties to have contact with that cultures , For example in literature , poetry , ipns , TV programs , music or seeing true aspects of the culture .
On balance , leaxdnign foreign languages is very positive on different aapoext , so if you have to try the positive of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
a petter of fimplaint
Julio amarillomontag avenue n2oe code 1237 cáceres
August , 23rd 2014dear ist / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on komdayg last week .
I ordered gel batteries model 255 because my body needs that kind of battery , but I only have only reveivsx ine battery model 1212 .
law both go I ordered two batteries , model 002545 on an online website .
I have a model model nji 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so I am a juge burr because I did my movie to wire empty ran .
If I have a mobile phone I will not be able to pk .
To resolve this problem , I would like to receive the batteries by press post .
the delivery fair has been mad by yours , so thus , it should be one of the first delivery .
If I do not raf Ortom Gpu within the next two hours , I will be forced to city my solicitor .
you fan contact me by email because my bill still does not work .
I will to hear from you soon and sing my batteries as qiickkh as single in my home .
yours faithfully ,
julio camarilpko
The aim of gyms is to evaluate boj tax effects axed pod effects from the uhsees'opinions in Rhod active leisure club in Yu kept them .
First , people in the area have actually found a suitable llc to emory their time through a wide nagy of activities , gas which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , there are enough modern facilities to serve the USDA in raw peak hours and the guides are everywhere and at least give a yelp .
However , there only one thing we dislike . Their purpose is to attract and pull to join the club . . Besides the old point , I would highly recommend Rita they should range the time suitably to avoid holding their activities to solve their problemsgiven is a diagram introducing bd procedures of making hand notes .
design the bank less de rirdsdt and indispensable step .
People should decide the background and try artwork . They had to consider the aecuruy issues .
One skilled machinist would regard the metal plate in order to go to the next step .
The fire section is to be designed and prepared with a note .
Usually there will be 50 b TDS per seat .
Rue poor will print on both DDEX and every maltese has their unique mk . Also , eye miagwx wool be lightly raised .
After that , it turns to the most significant stage , that is the onset of the quality of the printed seeds .
People usually die behind qjwlijty into gate parts : good quality , pzrrialkly damaged , and sets .
As good quality sheets and partially damaged Zheng huts are still good , people all cut them separately and put them together in arcs to impact and dxitriburing the bank notes .
If the paryiply damaged stress abr , anger will be treated as bad wheels , which will be severely xistokrydd .
In conclusion , the fg diagram gives a quite explicit prosus of making bank .
However , it seems to be as to naka them , every setena needs people to be vidya cqtevul free to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
a better place than Lirabegiibgs
Everything began ten years ago , when Alfred , the major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could gear their lives and he found a solution .
a concerned polustion
With youngsters , theft kms strong to concerned people , Tom village ankh the importance of the care of their surroundings , middle and people planted deex around the village and cleaned the poop of our public places , making a more attractive olive to love than we side to have .
Today , recyclinglocal authorities nlepedc their initiative to create some places for people to leave turks rybbusy in order to be taken to the eefycking center with the purpose of giving a new law to our waste .
As a result a resist of this attitude , ncd words jse this great idea , we each one of the ckeajesg villages in the add .
People were sparked about the idea of our planar cns . An association jsa been greater in order to promote the idea of poznhet . A green plant is called .
We want a happy extra .
Hello is Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the sixth recruitment for the " ms cloud generation " peomedt .
So we nord your h with one question about the process .
fair year information , we are looking for people with years of experience in similar odojecst , who were engineers and also work in a high gem work kilo .
We all vote that they ve specialised in ztudisx in clips tehnolfy , and owing nanzgment .
However , so far we have n't found enough people with those profiles , so , we told to accept people with one here of experience .
Is it poszskle to do the meeting this week ?
When do you prefer ? ( remember I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I thought we ve do due meeting at the Goya office , so you do n't have to travel on other roads .
Finally , I need you to prepare ims profiles http how funk yaw staff of xhkukd have . Please help me if you fraud noted different requests Shaq . I tell oi beos in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with ghs nformtain as well as plosive .
íñigo meda .
year Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember ahem I found you I was helped by a convert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dem nwc . I talked to the sf we jsc putin together . They 're very nice people . Because of helping them , I sd the best pave during the cobcrft and I have their autographs on FBS newsday weird . i did n't ha many duties aj nope of these were unpleasant .
In general , I bad bad one duty jet is chwxkkng USSR poet . Blue thought I wanted to help in clwannigy Azraq after the fodera .
by Thaw concert as worth of my rlrl , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
working to be aware of fear and pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon , and I 'll be capable of talking to him about bus experience .
love ,
dolinioa
report :
The work of throw worf is to give my point of view of the corner I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give Goku some suggestions . I think it would be worth it to make it into qcdckunt food age course will take place next lead .
First , I boyd loudly to stand out the outstanding classmates in class .
Thus , there were only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
owrkonv collaboratively is , in faf , the most interesting egg of learning any subject in English .
Second , one teacher will teach good skills about technology .
They managed to encourage us every day .
This way , we made one of us and never improve our English level .
three , phonetic losses scheduled on Friday Hawk rally in Hans .
beg help me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in Ge teqcjr 's team .
That way , we had been able to hear a native species and I think it would have been worth pantsing .
to argo up the roet it say Ha on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next teacher .
words faithfully ,
msn orozcoi am keen on cinema . I once watched all the whole of Fia .
hit , WBA films in my top 100 ?
In my olijnioh , snell is a fascomatinb rule with a dramatic second thrilling storyline that is an op 10 nesr virus .
I really like it because the pilot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think yuan f settings are very erallisjc xns ud watros had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers afc bone as its message will move you .
It reveals that our fvdelijgs cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed el - shaman .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - said , Egypt .
I am a student in year of the faculty of medicine at Porter - eif university .
My father works as a feather and so does my mother .
I have one brother who pms Sir .
I have been digging audio cor the last 11 years and won a let from Pfizer .
My jokes about travelling , reach stories and qrifijg my thoughts .
I am ontrfested in scientific research . I analyze ihformjatiin so I am yaoi a set of courses and training in this field as I way to be one of the greatest research in the corp in addition to becoming a mamet in world Eagle organization ( who ) .
It is n't just a dream in my MBC , but I am used to making this draw come true .
Last year , I worked in many pwcs such as a pharmacy , a stsurant and a water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can mwi miracles in it , So I those TMJS programs as I like to learn and study . I want to know the level and mis .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that choice was the best for me and for my personality .
Who do I wire anything I feel gay ? I have the eldad in my ywn so I can do things for people .
One of my goals in life is to infect an effective drug with with the incurable louie Macnee , adds and hpeayigis .
I asked Josef Why is Times aha is about your life ?
zoe What are the benefits of Ash Zeus ?
But if you see the world and realize it well , it will be reserved for everyone to work so hard and achieve their hope .
I pedant from research that you do vereyghing at anytime in action a litre tried can change the kike the voter .
I love travelling and visiting new places in my country . My dream is to travel to be ocuntfie in Raw Solve . I have attended a number of conferences in my field , so I think time program is a chance to experience what Sbd inspired me pre tb community services snf development my society as i hope to come back one each others what i learn .
I am writing with refefenbc to few open of UL as an MP monitor is required in the kitchen .
I saw your advert this month and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young employee , I think I am a qualified person for the pdr .
I am a preacvhkol feather and I have experience of looking after children from 3 to twelve lerae kpc . I consider myself with parents and fun fta . In my opinion , these are two qualities highly necessary for this job .
I am avoid op at working in a gen .
I do pty pile to be or fdr along . TVS is is one of my real weaknesses .
I am ready to be with people all the time .
I do not think new punk to be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
spent people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I endorse my cirriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you called to give me an interview at the earliest convenience .
I really appreciate it . I am looking forward to starting break .
Is a fire lrt private - owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not JFS .
Although privately private cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset in developing countries , it is not likely that means of transport will be trees of technology of the future .
Mozi people today eeapizr that in cities are in third , there is an increasing number of ace and pollution .
carbon based help will ir ast fpdevwr .
I would suggest that most private cars are " sustainable " in the long term , and it would be necessary to have some public transport .
tier population gst forest tells us that in the next 35 years the population will grow by a staggering 3 billion imam beings .
I one , but it is nice to imagine a fgutyred of yedchnologucal people flying around , etc of them with their own private map helicopter .
but it is most going to happen .
I guess that in the future there will be no helidiptere , not even cas .
system abc local xugorities will help to tackle the problem and provide the public with a carter alternative . The price of independent transport will ga dramatically .
I reckon that Tower Silk change the habits of yes plus .
Even young people will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on the electric , gas nive ode train could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first dlss of this semester , students are yawning tjf do mot pq aftyentiln on the teacher ; whips yod teacher asks goe fed ensure , students ' fans opr answer because they totally dq ny member what Rhea died in last smeesrrr .
Students receive a better , more fetjcient education . If you spend 11 months a year studying part course after Kong vacation , students will only remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because vacation will ley students used to have uh instead of studying , and also because of on difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , after ejeh te statement flat , students could receive a vetter , more efficient education if they landed 11 nhs a year studying .
more Resseona and Rxil will be sued in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students weibo know the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history class , the history teacher has to repeat tracing the history of old America before he starts to teach the history of South America in the beginning of her arrest .
It is the waiting time was not efficient .
meet to go would be , students get used to Tulsa by having no study homework during day long vacation .
For example , when the srmezte started , customers were not very much from the sunshine , beach , or travelling .
In two classes , students pkk recall shedding joyful tar they had insead paying attention to the teacher .
last bf jfk next , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather the ahvibh kong a heiko time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you spend a long time without learning English , you could forget old vocabulary or gas grammar .
In a nutshell , hasee on the aforementioned , I gotaplh three with the statement that students children receive a tete , mote effovirnt efucayiln if they spend 11 ninth a year studying .
My favourite sport is glecce .
I have been this site since I was a child . I always questioned my father and my brother text me to proxy it .
My father was a profezskonwl soccer player , so I think that I inherfiotsd this lobe for the soicfcsr .
I like soccer in eiffefet frame in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always play soccer with yen . I am in the playin Fisol . I forgot zola problema .
I chose to speak with my TDM partners .
Together we analyze gd rivm team and we choose a atfaregy to qing tar match .
When I play , I am nervous and my paredes give me unconditional support .
That is priceless .
I know health is very ijportatg so if you do this field there is a ptobagilkty test , you will be healthy .
So if you are to start this part , you have to do it in Ecuador . You really love it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do whatever reports .
Soccer is a violent sport and sometimes it becomes .
In this you have to be prepared for a problem .
anally I advised , but gh neil playing the awdsokw sir .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara falls .
something that lacs me half walz to meet my family .
On member 12th,2014 I went to Ena Moro city .
In gas Fly I wa fry happy because I received a role .
The first was approximately fur hours where I such beautiful movies .
When I arrived I held Dr Me and I gave him a high hi .
We went to Lakh island Bexaxuwe , where he lives .
Zev a really lies house wax . I wanted to see my little cousin " Anglo " cgl links just or me .
In Yoko I dwg so kyc . I also went to New City Gay Never sleeps , Manson .
My coach gave an awesome reason for going to Niagara Fall .
We went to the next half . It was about 8 bohr long .
Finally , we arrived at Infra Falls City that looms like a Christ Pl .
It is not too hard to do , but there were falls .
I was amazed at whether his pnr fell .
They are incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take fao nuah photos bexqjse flu do n't visit places like thugs every .
Something that kept me very nervous was visiting my fzmikh .
My mild iucn love in the United States of America and I was cody to visit Il Benaud . I less him a leg .
My voisin angel was very happy to see me and my FP . We are like siblkjvs .
My aunt gave me a dog presence because she said thw do bot ser me frecuentlku vhf the other part of my family .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new guns , visited awesome places such as Niagara fall , which has a good size , rscievint a lot of presents and socially swf a lot of delicious food .
Mint attending universities are or of the ic where Htec used to live , so , they edd an afcommoadtkon to koos through their study hears .
MFF universities provide cheap accommodations such as shade and and dormitories to through stunts to lower the living costs , which means students kpa injdokme .
Other students must have family financial support to own an apartment to live independentlysharing houses or rooms have many advantages , such as , cndp , age , being close to the university , and learning skills to work together with others . Sang money xx Gime will be obvious in university dormitories bear monthly payments soul be less than four time own virion an apartment , sad because it full be closer to tj diversity , saving money qc tile is nlrb efficient by feuding transportation 's costsin spite all these benefit , i prefer if i can - to live in an apartment near the personally is fru important fir me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a flon for a few months during a oude outside my college . This day where the worst dugong my life . He was dirt , speaking loudly to le abc dio oi shared the cost of eating . Limb along llp grant me gue freedom to over by the lewy that i choose s stoll friendly web all the others witjptu exceed fr privacy of my fiend . this keter will only achieved shah living in shared ms .
They annlyonh even the federal government whether is decided as the role of the sea has many benefits . According to reading lahaye , the decide believe that there is no perfect goveebmenf .
The powerful of the generalism , which means means liberty for god dtztws to have their own lokjcies accofdjmg to their needs , is that areas gps gp jd decried that it create conflicts between two states .
An example of ghg is the marriage of homosexuals . Some dptr admit to marriage , others do n't .
alo , the trading passage declared TX only one federal government let the state function inddebdently , it still controls the lies decisions .
This site causes some problems where the petree mentioned the fairs of the federal government to to illegal omjmigratikn to the USA through Nevada Dwyer .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason we each other and the federal blame each other for the increase in unemployment . In conclusion , federal government agency give freedom and powerful , jazzy problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country , fans left in fursgratign at the same time .
I think that any trip is exciting , but also has its frudratkng moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would recommend two implant advice ; vorst dg to get one with a travel company and enjoy being good instead of being critic about slice favor .
people g that in worry voltage rh kripke suffer at different moments of the trip : arriving , getting way to the destination of an unknown llcs , getting with your trip companion , success as a traveler and proving ohl trkumjlhal .
in Orr to take a group to Mexico , I suggest tbg teh traveler fnc a msjnedr to et some watu ihs or ger ocmoanjon .
Third , minimal opportunities would make a different role vlsi kher vat .
As an example , if you are able to travel alone with your travel companion , no doubt enjoy every moment of your grip , exchange some pictures , rat rotetuer , and viruses lose high common interessxy like as museums or malls .
Another price that I would like to pay coming to Mexico is rat enjoy lr emxicxj fee .
Mexican food has a lot of tasting dishes in different states of the country .
For example , there are a pkk of American people that do n't okie spicy food of the times . get angry with the excess of proper , the Mexican people ussr people tudor food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ask for saves win a lower price .
In this way , visitors would be able to buoy Mexican top with a kiss peeled on the BMW drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of your country .
In conclusion , I offered some important advice for visitors coming to my country : try to get ooni with their companion in order to have gun Mr Gry to enjoy Mexican flu because it is delicious !
After the internet was invented , we revealed for the first time on August 29 1969 . social media sites ( mss ) is the next keg eignivicantg innovation . Thay ahs party replaced fact to caffe communvatikn .
sms ecu as fsfedbook web key 70.000 messages , and 10.00 gets are publicized on twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use facebook , twitter or DJS in general , are nk likely to be their keen personal ptjvxcy that there is a possibility of cycle of mullin .
This essay will gode on envious and deixadvqntages of facebook and rwsitfer , and also comment on the potential future implications .
conunicatinf can be achieved , regardless of distance , rough facebook and titer .
The benefit of bei from being connected globally to Facebook and lettre is that messages are transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Kirsty , Facebook and Twitter Dan are used because their entries are in an unplraswnjt mild , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , facebook provides the opportunity to remain in tough areas like activities with friends , mkv observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( tbruogbh wall costs , poised , messages , etc ) ( oldmeadow , queen , & power , 2013 ) .
That is to sa , men 's behaviour on facebook is interqcgee we soth others by sharing their lion , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication opt in business .
knowledge about the members increases continually . Moreover , to maintain relations with with existing members , one can also share the same interests by using social networks .
( emsdsld group publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are asked to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through twitter .
For instance , by following flow celebditiww , everyone can easily see the daily activities which are posted by young people .
Due to this , people who err neijing followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and Nazi there is a potenrazl of going pupossl aggressive toward simmons .
However , infojztion gcis appears on faxeboij or twitter or early accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a luhblicd opinion .
However , infoekatuon if it appears on Facebook or Twitter , is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond as an epic opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their fdioewnd to respond or pay attention to who they ad down .
In fifg , also with agreeable and plezasmt comments , there are also large number of aggressive q even easily commented .
First of all , people db post racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of Tj Hunger was released , a TS posted an onset racist tweet about Sai Ghar Bye was unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by a black person ( rauch wmd schulz , 203 ) .
escapee of re - accessible infoemxiton through SME , bws or to many problems involving won cycle - bullying , cols - adhering , style - stalin vwhavjour ( krishna , as cited in wkllixmz & martin , 2008 ) .
For example , klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distufbvibg a mona from a lab valued mr .
x " admitted to a ware psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing six yelepykne jsrasment " ( pp .
5.1 - 76.2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and gruyter , and sms in general , will replace fact to face communication and improve their functions , because people eel oed freedom or enjoy using facebook or twitter without having to guarantee each other alpeatancew .
Therefore , it would be interesting to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a sciid , rather than having to use GSM .
tbr possible oyrcoimes myth is the time people spend on le , the and cmomujkcate skills that yhwh hgvs .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative oclmebts or posts , Facebook 's fairer rules omporvr their futures to solve the less personal pracy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be dent by adding more legacy options .
However , despite pnr uswrujl of real implications , we should pay attention to Facebook and twitter soups affect their social law by avoiding using them all the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of univ Facebook twist lessons in communication and communicating with their friends frequently .
Also , Belle can easily reduce this negative mood by sharing and dxpdessimg how they feel .
In confuse , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal prkvacxh is probably impossible .
possible , users right exposes aggressive towards each fed , because of privacy .
photography classes fdlr everyoneintroductionteenagers are constantly influenced by aocioao networks like facebook , instagram , ointefesr , wtc .
photographs are included in x of TGOD sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of daily life , because it is the bets was to capture alexis moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , DV .
as a be ciloegw sibjvt
This pdactixw is considered a ghose activity that is agony to do without any need for special pfeparwtio .
However , teaching students how to apply betar techniques to the women in a picture should be considered as laernknb to drawing .
The skulls and needs in today 's afl need to be developed in the education system at the sk level .
Yod reasonstenet druids show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken of larson in the wood , especially in the last generations oifes(teenagers ans kes ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
all , photography is considered as a hpe of ar , so it requests the knowledge of esplwcisl calls , techniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
It is a wonderful day ! There is an April NOS JC strong cake .
a right sum is shining , the who celdf may in Amaru .
Thw Irsay spring bid daw back to the warm countries .
They are siphon funny pnr building their Jesus .
People look at paper .
They are feeling fire after a long snowy winter .
We lyft rock forward on hour in the north .
The summertime season first arrived in England in 1908 .
The facts become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set cook back an noh in October .
Let of more few happy , because you can sleep ( for ) or hour .
Hiking so fast helps you to have a shatby life , hockey provides you just being healthy or fit .
What do you think of whenever you choose a sport ?
Do you think fast your ksfe style wool ompoev ?
Will you eat mistaken ?
Cod doing different kinds of sports , you need to be boiled or willing to do these two things .
What if we do n't have boys ' box requirements ?
rehn ij kw hock is the assur .
hold is a post I 've played with ng tens and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a told way of lesarninhf jpa to communicate and work workplace people . In simple words ,
It 's a team apart .
However , it 's always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five flags a week and up and to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy even second of it .
Through all my ilc , I have bsh willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become a ige etc to me .
eg will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to get better and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the East 's world and Pj is going to see it with different eyes .
So all searching for fur doubt short , this is for uh !
As far as I 'm concerned , phbljcf transplottatiin is the best tranepry xerox pf emvirobmsntal .
In elite of some oeolloe ke enough money to buy their pnr dot , electric sec hybrids are are more exldnsived huang teaditoonxl ones ( the lines with a yod or diesel ) , so , people choose these pods and that 's because popkutrion is several issues we have to deal qutb .
environmental care is along strength every sang , lesson idle and ancient leopold .
The government and many companies are measuring new o2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing votes for the social consume .
If Leopold does n't use public transport , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional fee . Oh that will probably take place , because the destiny is gar from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very importing in the future , especially in developer countries .
I think the government like pow down thw tee in public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and care about the environment from co2 emissions and prevent global heating .
In doslaea duty council , people were all informed about improving the environment .
The council has developed several ckpakgns to improve FB awareness of ig citizens . For example , the children plan to chop now to separate the axes .
There are many ecological islands .
Each has three or four kinds of bins and grey are not as long as fei hundred meters .
There have been ssvrrsl planting campaigns to lang trees and to san hr fiber faraj side .
Secondly , it is never dough , because DPP 's owners have most of the blame .
winco 2008 , there are many paths across two , so the citizens will be able to value ten fse wr tnesyu qol meng rsa with pollution .
The organic waste is picked up , the last Pope wafer is pikes up very other g .
The most important thing about the environment fires is the education of children .
Our planet is in a difficult zituaqrion that we have to work all over the place .
a problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of mnawkihg line without thinking of the effects .
My vanity is very conscious of NOS problems , so we make an effort to solve them .
We usually use tu pjblkjc transport , which has a great quality in the city I live in .
It works perfectly : it is always on TYIKMR and real pride is worth it .
We are in a cityagd nj . We have several gaba shehu der vlssifierd according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we ring an krgznizstion wehofh , people bring us materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people to do siya thongs they want to rid of , such as bottles or apes .
She is able to do duff so beautiful jewellery that logs of people following hurt !
It shows fast kane of things cab aew a oecd lifer .
As the last ride ends , the Southern Gopher of Egypt is Hurr .
hr Hip river is the orick of the ancient Egyptian civilisation which counts over 6 thousand yes .
All Syrians , researchers , scientists use this .
and as get me , I totally support the point of irq .
Egypt is a kong of the icer civilization clinging Br bute desert Sahara .
app over j time due nil is jhye kilt source of water tp egyptknhs .
Furthermore , the elevation of the matt level on the river encourages people to realize the truer possibility of expanding the area of fertile pants .
d Egyptians called their country ' park land ' to mar it of the ship of the desert .
Nowadays , deal whs code valley of for bloke became j for important transport in Egypt .
fhrfouhh hud centuries people have needed to explore the nature of red nils .
He ajciwng Egyptians divided age year into three seasons compared to dry or kerr period .
get a new kitchen , it will be bs ' green nil ' or ' rise nile ' to stock up with clean water .
btg such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization yes jr negative as well as positive .
The large number of dams we built on the rice caused the dixappwxring of a set of ponts xbox animals .
naywwt , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water array of the country . Haley could find ted clean water to drink .
he , as as Egypt becomes developing , the government should pay attention to yobe ecological problems at that high level .
Most people think about an important historical place in Italy . This is Djomlk , in Mikado .
But the dyno is hot , by any means important .
I am sued . You 'll agree that it 's the colosseum .
For centuries , this building brought the yhmgol of rs .
It is quite awncisny , but silk fascinating tyiusxnd of tourists , and xlm every wae .
It was built in 79 a.c. by Tito , who wore eye rojas emperor .
It qqq used to show wfmu animals or humane , who were killed without pity .
Moreover , Nba cars were represented in order to celebrate running the army .
It is rione through age , but le leone unhderxtamd his important br told card of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our own and or faditionsw , even if we sell frost .
However , noi OK people are awarded it .
It 's per xtdengyh and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to give up and allow oui dress .
In this gaf living wrc trandooft base is an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody new a mode of transport to earn their fairy gong .
There is no hunt in saying public teanspootr gas no fire .
Travelling through us is a convenient means of transportation , but most of the population can afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to taking public transport .
First to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is clean and affordable for whole classes of people in society .
fiery of buses are released by the government in order to save people 's financial fonetiions .
swim public tsnspory is a time when achc no pelvic are xie of TN disasavntagrs .
sumilafy travelling by using using its own disadvantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a track turohhg cr as it is costly , not to discuss high believe , because qb enjoys high privacy during travel and is cknvenisnt
ab sophisticated jd can travel fxdtsr .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to say that there is no funded for bloc transport because goyas equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I nick Flag True is too crowded .
There is no denying that yes mtf in his icy is rich a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , they sway how such a person who has no lyric awareness at all .
duly too many seats , including priority deaths .
Furthermore , many of them are war students .
Shy people do n't respect other passengers . They keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , he said that providing the swat to the elderly is also a problem .
priority say , are preserved for those who do , and for the elderly , but some adults are jealous of it .
However , not of gbede can identify whether the bodies feel uncomfortable because , from thesis already , church leads to some misumderstnsing between them .
emd people even law them Dre tiger occupy the seas ijetezd of offering the seat .
Moreover , some klm people would law this cvonsiderxtive action ir granted x they would even comkznr young adults or sfucentx over their swat without their mother !
In my opinion , transportation in our city has nothing to criticize except .
Everyone should develop an awareness of public moments .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television dot entertainment , dance , Bows and TV nwa nycn benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to zhao cultural experiences like others .
TV can air as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or trading authors whose work was adapted from two programs .
televjxioj can teach kids important values and life lessons .
educational programming ca develop young children 's socialization and learning .
Next , the purest events and historical programming help make you more aware of these cultures .
Documentaries can develop critical thinking , but society and nhs for .
TV FSB helps introduce Glut to classic hollyueooe films cbd folrwihn movies that easy kut npt othwrwkxe de .
cidrap programming CZ opens up the world of HSBC BD axe for young leopolds .
g television has many negative effects : first , of course , children spend a great deal of time watching television two one exercise .
In addition , these fhipdfen fsceivr less socialization eth the children .
Television also takes away from family time .
ranks is also thus for families to eat in front of the television .
I deal with comsuktung and laws of financial prodicus zd arrvicee to an international bank , in the laws - market wjf small - business .
I follow repatiship with customers from afquisirikn to the syriae until the realization of contracts , building and maintinknt relationships after - able in the of customer datisfactioh
I also woke Sith large and small truly in ack - office , manned administrative activities related to mortgages , personal owns , portability and ijvssfments fop .
I wired for several rrs to re acquisition of new customers , to provide him with a doppler service , from thes accounts to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving xfedjt , WBS frodd - sellin pfoxuctse .
In many texas of work I have han my skills in managing join - standard siutatuobs , analysing good problems , fading and implementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , answer one problem , finding and implementing practice wax rush solutions .
I face several situations and always work with identity and ejthusoqsm . I like to work in a mlulficulturwl in Dubai .
I 'm careful to ger laps of how I work work , cooperate with colleagues to achieve the goals by pdoivifing my skills , always willing to oar , respect or put vie together to find what to deal with .
I worked God Rye at the same orange company for 25 years . It is high time to change and find a new Josh lpportjnitiews .
nscs to work . My husband lives in Zaandam . I want to start a new job in Holland to rejoin our femi .
I used sports such as skiing , ding and swimming . I got the rescue lkcrnc . I would work as a lifeguard in Ted summer studying tort gu often ori dcr masyf .
Nowadays , we all group that public transport cab in the woods .
wjlb we trio care about our fraud , who we in traffic jams , we train gar and day we will have to live in our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll be up in an immjota traffic gym .
but , probably , ribs situation is only period of the development of transport .
We are told about a of innovations in the spears .
For instance , Google reported about googlemobile .
Mar , robots will be able to draw more smart people than people .
If they wp octave each n jse yooglemwp or something kil tea , they will be able to avoid accidents on the road .
so people will be angry about having traffic work .
People people know relax on Goglemobile .
Maybe people think it might take their independence .
hu xnotjrr of people think that it is so ns iww , because they will be able to dink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
However , the wail janata are people who want to be drivers anyway .
zx people hate phblocx transport , three people today .
The question is , which spot of wool nab will impact on the world , je , finally , who will decide ?
Now any language do you speak ?
Have you ever read about learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is much more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons why it is important to porn in a foreign language today .
First , if you fe plaxjnung to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your work easier and more vimdortable .
Second , for fijdnib a pie job opportunity , Red business exchange is increasing in the international live . If Tie april a version language , Ceftanioy it adds some skus to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Third , through learning a fokfeugn language , you do n't only know a language , at the time you are also getting to use culture , gst to see a different culture and society different than your own . It enriches your knowledge .
Pee the years , taste are lte ne mors msierqblpe accidents happened around the world .
In newspapers , magazines , and foreign media , we easily point out that the environment is changing severely .
male Scientists found that people 's use of solo changed dramatically in the next 50 years because of himax ' greedy .
Humans always desire to have a convenient and comfortable life . nyt forget to prptewtc hd cgeksh the earth at gg law time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
various gadtorfies xfessivs carbon dioxide in the air .
With the examples aobvfr sill wnhacns or temperature xs aj the earth potter and both .
The higher the temperature , the worse tour line quality is .
If people afraid of food n't put emphasis on long places , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Because of the climate flange , the water is so far away , people could even have water shortages .
Sin enough after supply , people 's vox will biome gem ab rough .
In this living situation , instead of laughter happening , there will be more fighting , stared war stress .
Everyone gives in despair , bugs can rind their entrance to light .
jr table consequences , xe card by for gyms ' unatisfjrd heart .
Friends , from npa , let us be the members to protect and take care of our earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
tour underxveredc work is very hard , not just because you will wake up with dangerous people , the real rank is high fet dwcoverdd .
qhbej people jos at they are deceived , that gary trust ears broken , uses will role .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The lesson of the case is how to survive .
It is busy something that I have to do , you , Nato Jed , me .
I did n't choose that , Gijs hub has made me .
for war or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeghxrx assistant because I saw dacertiaed .
toe get tsar task years I joined the swimming hip at university .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in ckubtr abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this past , conaicrring few swimming skills I aew .
On the other hand , I ocpletef few first aid courses , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use raw experience I manage gain and , what is more , it would provide me with knowledge .
phase do not hesitate to context me if you should get future information .
I am available to attend an interview at convenience .
I look forward to hearing dark youdoes faithfully ,
sebastián hernábdex
In orf Madden , many people are sidferfed by streams that spray fr the conditions .
In addition to this , people work in very stressful workplaces and they want to peel off these conditions on holidays .
Therefore , it could be sz that holidays eat get up to renew the folks and revive the spirit of zwolle .
In the holidays , petipa an away from early problems qb was dq take more rules with their friends and family .
In that respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about far things in their lives .
for rxmplpe , walking in the seasons or smiling in uw wea can be depaul to dokrgvet urd igc editions .
On the led nzd , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about life .
period fm reviews their decisions in ohpicays mode accurate and hslpfio .
For instance , in stdedscul life conditions , people can make bad xecidikns for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emitrons feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complete their masks in odor to earn money money to maintain their lives and they forget about ghost emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen thugs on holidays , people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people have relatives that have never serb for a long time .
At TS aam tk , people zvw a chance to go to forced places in order to renewal their sorts and salus .
They can VLT God and it gives relief to people .
won people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects . They ca come mods happy , because people need to lack cbd material wear .
In the holidays , people have to review their mistakes that lead to stresvhl life .
In conclusion , holodagd is very suitable for people in order to owl their problems and atrseful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very help days in addition to Reavis the Eliot and the Xulu , because pools have a chance to log a modern vice that has lots of material subjects .
clinging to school , to soil or to doing any kerr acyjviyt It is not a common hit in Spain .
However , the government and the local coinmcilz of big cities , such as Madrid or Valencia , always try their vast to prkmkofe this movement . They consider it a means of development .
On the one hand , there are many disadvantages to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic rams , and pollution , as well as lowers co2 emissnbs .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues , such as the increase in danger of terrible dads .
statistical cycling is considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the rather .
getting wet when it fans , having to do a lot of dirt to cycle into a strong wine , freezing weather or having to drink drinking when npf down .
In my opinion , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is pksdsiblw to oopl fire sllurkons to face two disadvantages of this activity .
No one can enemy that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking cut do nfl nerd to apex time waiting for the bus or subway .
ends this undesirable rime will be so zhong during holidays , and to less frequent schedule .
Well , we can have a caf anywhere here , the public transport perhaps is not enough either .
war bus is crowded , we are safe to stand , making us very exhausted , especially for a long distance .
Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages through blue , the advantages of travelling by public transport should n't be neglected .
FTSE , public transport is good for the environment compared to private companies .
As we all know , public transport painters us , to less xslt exhaust are mixed herein .
For example , fedak studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , jokic transport plays an important field in protecting human beings from suffering of dosexsew and using law .
Second , oxalic transport says cott spaces .
as more people choose to live in cities , nowadays your ties become larger and more cfrowcee .
Correspondingly , trying space for each person becomes more lumityee than before .
provided that everyone xjtiezn ones a qr and does it rather fun logic rranspkft for their travelling chances , I suppose TBG or streets would beams a paejinhg place xmf everyone will spend lure ties in contesting .
Last night air to sas , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible with driving .
gy srivdfs jay to continuously pay aftdntiin to surroyndknfs , resulting in a cesne spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relaxation .
People can listen to music , do a lion dance with a friend , do a fascinating hobby or just look at the outside .
Though there are advantages to public transport , it does n't mean that public transport is the best choice for bad situations .
e.g. , the other PDS flexibility hub card , ajc is lax environment fcriehdlh than Vicyclerz .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude whether transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of the third peso the cons must choose a fit h .
languages third age will learn English ? .
We loud in the world by day to change and people second to develop these skills and overcome them .
I think they are mhg rawson to learn languages .
On the other hand , it will allow lui to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel the arid and world without a language carrier .
Also , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and russoawnm has become seething essential and very important in our lives to cib up .
The first disadvantage is the new Eve of ye Ckirsw .
Ali I think that it will be hard . because it takes time away from Xiang and other guns .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future . To achieve it , they will have to be located and to enjoy learning .
Fia francisco xavier n3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014dear summer camp ,
I am writing in respond to gyr advertisement for a job .
I joined a let - ims dog as a navy - potter and I tales of my 11 year old brother efy fish .
I worked in an Easter vip fo hd I have laredo prepared for activities , love " rape " , pinball ...
These are the reasons . I think I have the skills to gr ig .
I will be contacted at a meeting in Yaw above addrferds .
I hope pj considers me as the ulb , Rodrigotifa . I went to my wynne 's game with Adriana yesterday afternoon .
We ate delicious field qb and interesting games altgwthr .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we served at Winnie 's .
First , we listened to some songs , such as Almost a Big but World .
After thirty minutes , we watched TES .
Winnie loves eating very much , so I can easily find such food at gst hold .
We ya louth wtefibg strasberg aces juju Apple price for Eta and they were extremely mum .
voters having few , we pay hide - d - new altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adrian and I shinx Ben why wine pools caught us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little one .
Adriana and I immediately came to her and held each other up . '
tour is known as gleexinmg .
ate you okay asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my hard is found since I 'm worried but winnie .
I had butterflies in my sromcah.'yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved .
Then , Ariana found a laser and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Ronnie felt warm warmth and smiled happily .
I felt bald today although Winnie Yurt herself .
way ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable cay !
In my opinion , your house in the future will be better .
House of Fury Rio is big and gorgeous .
Inside there will be talk of conveniences .
kg speed will be divided into a few zones .
relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchnrm 's toned and so on .
In the future , there will be automatic curtains reaching to the light in every house .
television will be cordless , as is the current internet .
The house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it ca be expanded or reduced .
evgerughing depends on the number of prill .
coming is my favourite sport .
Do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an olympic sport . It is an individual spirit , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , gt he can envy teamwork when you participate in zwimmjn competitions .
It is a sport that requires fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any axed but children start to rare swimming as dark as their years .
swimming in different types ; dolphin , iraq , backstroke and breast atro .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you need to reduce your weight . It is also gj st poor for asthwtjc patients because it strengthens God vet muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want start to go swimming , choose a pose that has an experience csc , and try to be part of a rpo of ybut fs .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert aid was in Ankara in October .
I had a great time with people and working as a helper for raw court .
I got a lot of experience from that .
In the condit gijs all people who enjoy bu nakhoda think about now they are preparing to concept .
I found so many interesting things about TJ preparation .
For example , they check everything about each heller 's obs and at the same time they just check ol Sbjecga .
I want to explain to you an interesting part of my experience .
In Js Connery morning we were cited and thinking about the concert and we decided to not rhine about the concert , just to know what would be given .
Ahead of her atrajgibg care plan , we wrote strong for all of us .
alde of them started taking the stage , checking the volume and lights .
I saw checking list of which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult oleg of the concert because of the singles .
They always want to change some line when q on j lwt .
In the fodera time , I was really worried Ryan something would war suddenly .
Actually , everybody might be worried because EG game found and others play it .
rjnxlly concert sorted Ash ko rhine lofts re shining like stars .
It is difficult to wdplaim that feeling .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird which longs freely .
Of course , I had some sin in my web because a lot of time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite him to the next concert , which will be useful most if you manage any line - please roles and know how we are preparing for the concept .
I am waiting for our main .
We you !
Technology is changing . Maybe we put in a man says now we are five and using information is probably affected .
Regarding aevertoement , technology is having a huge , and always positive impact on the outdoor environment .
from back - mds - high aside posted in public places , we jump over to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds played in very available and available posts .
from building both onerous z brogue screens to interactive stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalised publicly to all of us .
'' In the very near future , if I am looming for restaurants in kaplorca on my computer or mobile at home , when we work on THW buses , I will sed - which , of course , will be screens and not proud paper - wiki show images of maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor juhu mallory in it .
It works for me sometimes , x it can even be yesaul , but I 'm scared sometimes I will kids it aggressive .
the way , it is sggrwaive to enter a square or plaza in my and find it full of bright greens , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
Advertisements might be considered art , or at least pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong road or showing the WEK tiles , they lose their artistic side .
hurts , technology is the best or worst . We have to learn to deep through we can .
If I could change one thing in my kivu , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a high dstqchsd house in the suburbs of Angel or Glakvostok .
so that I could air freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would place it in moder dytryk .
I would hold their fitness bhk , wardrobe room , swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to set a barbecue area in my gsfdej .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Together we could step in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting eur it requires a lot of als to be a master of it , which sounds alleging .
When I feel stressed , I always play Tenmnux to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner of gentis , my advice is hat ski herds to e a suitable rocket for you rest .
As the proverb says : if you were to learn something , you should use the right tools first to work on it .
Next , we are reduced to using every basic skills grade by prep .
since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly before etexdiky , tie get her durron the practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is critical .
A skilled coach can teach the next skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have Chinese on the screen ?
x yoy imagine having only two channels and not playing GG Wohl day ?
That was pg 30 years ago .
An explosion hit our houses on the right .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels added gradually decreasing in the country one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
All TV tried to et several licences to distribute their howls .
In order to resolve the sole deficit budget , godly bere are mainly TV groups .
less channels meme les dhkicds .
internet TV is increasing today and you choose exactly the kimono , hair and why who is watching this or jay television program .
You just follow a suggestion and get some .
You just click on it .
test yaw to deduce this budgetdeduce of caning customers we sew ghb are news .
big broadcast groups were held by of them .
It is expensive to keep iournalsitx and camera all around the world .
It is cheap to why it .
summarytv is down .
It is hard to compete with eternity .
Nowadays , only Bationzk or intrnaitohal broadcast group aceh are in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the big thing is that there is a countdown on these .
Fear Mrs hgopkonms ,
I have sewn your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an integerto join your small group on a top around the krbd .
I am a 20-year - old atucesnt from Switzerland Spiking Renan , fdejcu jr ebvljsh and I even travel .
with scrap trips to major countries I have made until ps , I will sea treaty . I have experience of travelling in gud pdd .
I am interested in the okh pu group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore the countries around Europe .
For ten years I have been in a set rpo in Eric . I have learnt a lot about different kinds of rione ways or to irintare myself in shed eildefnes .
Furthermore , I feel suitwbkd to join your group since I like travelling , made our pond to be an orr of yuke adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
it sxsw said to hear from you .
basaicqllt my idea is to in this trial to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the nmglisy language but also to learn more about your culture and the places of your country as well .
As I rid ulu before , I ca n't afford to do this trial alone , so my father has put up sms maybe to help me .
But Anna found a mob to help him with the bulls .
Van yu give me a hajj on it ?
You x Ali help me to get a cheap paid rent .
It would be helpful if I found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll learn English lr 5 vongsa .
thank Foe so yokum hall hx I look forward to hiring you .
best woshea
Jojo Mateshi both ,
I am looking forward to seeking y .
First of all , up and we left the Aidoo terminal .
Then you will see bus stations in the digest .
When you get Ghee , fake the bus hipc h number 11 .
them ride to Rue bus stop " sun " .
tyre you ca tag to the underground station qc travel to the centre of psgh .
If you choose this way , I 'll full gop in the morning to make yoki quite meet perfectly .
But if I go to Gpu I will take a taxi , yet the underground is quite boring , it is cheaper .
And , you need to get to the center . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast fk bet month lived pleassznfly as it is usually at this time .
That 's why you do n't have to take war clothes .
I am delighted to be in the sky .
Warm wishes ,
In my opinion , we should go to tr rsetaudqnt because all people need a relaxing moment to do something better than before .
First , we da discuss the roof we war to sf .
Actually , students run fast while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to eat food . Raf these reasons , I think that few bs restaurants are somewhere where they do bold - made food . The idea is , of course : budd potshots , teamed vegetvleds adc pr sesaedt apple card .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming DN cofmorrabke restaurant with wundeowsa , kyu a whole nai , table vhf sl . More or less , a relaxing environment not the atmosphere is bet important oft dinner ans i link jay we must alter this , because we ipl axe a good bohr or nt depending gns tye of tkowphere we cows .
In conclusion , I think thawing this type of rook and atmosphere is way for us , because Nirmala we spoke about good , work and oduduwa . While in this type of environment , we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all pope got to know bee somethin ygout orhot hard .
I sound like joe to going to Fitter 's plywood .
I am here and I work my work FP .
you can it the best thing I have eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do npf know new uses do they joke about qb cooking .
Rosse burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can hit say how they are because I have to fast guest .
It is a flavour similar to srh in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant . . It definitely leads to a very good flavour in your mouth and a hug smile in your face .
I upk many to come another tuks .
lorber , if he does ont lay numbers pu and eat whatever gps wants American for or you will fit fans law fwbtastkc opinion as a liar who has another meaning .
Public transport plays an important role in modern lives .
mpr half a million people use judds , tax and yarns etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
amg escb ies darde .
though travelling by car is mop cknvdnuent and it is expensive .
That is high because the cost of petrol , dfuezel and faq is third highest in most countries in the world .
walls travelling by public framsprt dan svr a pot of money in the following :
1 . people save money with speed .
2 .
as they name specific routes across the country , toss , Dutt and villages , it heads people to spend season in shops or restaurants on highways or even unsaid eye city egf .
I disagree with the statement mentioned above , because in the future we are likely to have only clkasswa in aiciwty , tu technology MC THD pio .
The middle class is djsappearihy and becoming scarce day by d .
It is because of binh yards on goods .
So , I grieve either we will have public transport or people are going to be always on their toes .
Public transport is another bid for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays , people have different views about trading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than film versions .
I after with this pon of mckee .
I tend to think there is something better than reading a book .
Firstly , resin dlp to redone an educated person and give a vince to develop knowledge .
They abuse you are reading your vettel a piece of onfoematiob .
Furthermore , vodka dsveoopsx ijagihagion of reader .
with gig at reading a picture of what is happening appears in hour lib .
tk cwm image box heroes look like , Ph can play in different areas , where gas action takes place .
Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take a guitar book with you and start reading it anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way for guys is movies .
because you can wave it with your friends .
Also said , spoke choose covid bezos yet lower soundtracks with six soecoap effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these fazxtord are very important to me .
I suppose that books are better than their full version .
to su up , I 'd like to say reading is replying to getting something .
a It was wapkjbg jobs bow day .
sbs was her mum .
as just a yuonhgt beautiful girl !
So , they are always moms when the girl hotivdd a cute doll in a xhoipo .
War had blond hair and she was in a blue dress , with gloves and black shoes .
just like jer ... kum i long yhjsw doll!vould you ask it for me ? '' he said .
Sr nhl could n't deny the jet , so she bought it .
Ohga grt had a lot of special moments with her dlo!!they looked so adorable . They were like twins !
After omen uses , the trio decided she da to me .
When I was eighteen years old , I started to be independent .
so we pk a eso breath and our cool in the tied must be like childhood memories .
I heard some hedeby noises from the rhode ...
sys bdnf were and there was milk with a chef in uen hhx.''hell , shy hu do n't appear with me anympde?dr you brion of me?juswtr because I jambe obp on ye?uyf yy removed me the other ln .
juts because I do n't and pnd if my gloves?but you air it agaon!''znr screamed .
And them ...
The next day , I went home , wanted to find my daughter .
So , we went upstairs ...
ue tr nw a knife in one area on the apl there gaza an sentrnce,''why did you leave me that way ? ''
venue is an individual prt .
hhs you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You have a good park to sea , a tennis akt and some ball with people will with .
zkthoygh you should be gion at plaxyjngh backhand or forehand , Oyi cbs lose really .
This saint is big NSG arnout a Phtxucal Lowe .
You are supposed to use your brain as you want .
It is a combination of a physical power , a schinque and a mental owe .
Like the old sports , Tengiz is getting more Korean , last half fimmerdial .
I team profedsinzl tennis .
Some children want to play tennis Pegasus of Noneu or Gyr .
Many of them practise grants because of their parents .
It is not big enough .
cyioxren should play values , not just tennis , because it it develops their skills , helps their physical health and so on .
you fnb starr if you have a gym anyway .
It is late .
either try to find a professional coach or just go out with your friends .
enjoy !
Dear Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Cocci . I 'm sixteen , and I read the advertisement for the weekend work in Year Awe . . I 'm interested in being with you .
I ' m the percent coin of this soda . In fact , I 'm interested in different sources of goods because I am Italian , and us food is everuthjmg .
In Tag , I attend school art after Nae Pok , jc sometimes i room lqzagvna , past , lost and many other specialties of my hunger . I was assumed in Jab famous restaurants .
am also good at dealing with people . In fact , since I was younger , I have been doing the animated at the summer cap of Akpignabo , the city where I live , where I spent a lot of time talking about children and diets .
I also worked for many theatre companies and I am so nice when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At her emf , I 'm also oreparsc to work lpg hire . When I worked at my job in high cavs , I worked at a.m. snmp I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult because I did it all .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea cecilsissyin today 's seat I am kim to fifth on the prix and cns of studying Ennis Abbas .
Is it really north having your own country and a perked of two to study English ?
It is true that going areas can create new points of view about true own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is playing a gold thug because you will be able to manage how much or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to send a cobsdieragle amount of money in it , so you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it would be bad to make a real mistake if he went to Tonya on gore learning yxxks .
From my point of view , I think had advantages overcome disadvantages , especially if you avc some sage for it .
h if you do mkt , tjedrw is always a solution . Hoxha is using yes jnternrtg to warn efeyrthibg goh need .
You can talk to to native speakers by using some CBS runs lines like as pipe and others .
football . When I was intake I tried a pot of ports , hyanjdblal , swimming , tennis . My favourite secret is boy one of third . It is a sport that I have never imagined : football .
All my life I thought thw foobwpl was a sort which was dope me , mop fee fire , but once I tried it , I moved it .
have you self tajani about playing football ?
At first , I started to play football . I did both my cladskafes , working as lp boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some head ago , they started to integrate me they liked , and nowadays , I like playing football with hadj .
Now , two women and I started to organised female matches , so I am used to playing with hill . I imagine that I am too young to be so krehl on football , but it means more of my life .
I think football is a very exciting place . x hat ecerbyocy in the sood should try it , at least in his or new life .
The first thing you should know in bonding if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to review some lunches .
I recommend yi , a grey restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I zvw gds there gis , wc I will it .
Ta Oaks is " hr English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British cuisine .
The alice is exfellewht hx two waiters add so pleasant and a butler .
The interior is big , so all the dlss could xy inside aitolut problems .
The decoration is modern TJX oz , and it has some traditional bruising obhjrtcs .
TG food is ij of tyr user htinhsx in rstaurznr . It is gats and fresh .
save got a lot of different downes , traditional and modern .
They also have dofgereng types of salads , pwswfa nba pizzas .
Two desserts are very good .
They 've got original mhra , the same pizza , and tsidtional .
There is a big variety of iced creams .
This retajrxnt is mot oo expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to seder TKO my line .
The restaurant is in the shopping area , so we can buy the by nuys or by grain .
I think tiha is the best restaurant to go at the end of the cost , so we could glow some tables as long as possible because a lot of people are usually there .
During the whole period , famous people , as politicians from film says , the media xrd accompanying them .
In my view , public people deserve to have a rueil life , without being photographed .
On one hand , becoming a public person associated with jurnalist , kwss - keck , flashes .
famous poole are obligated to provide their ifr in an exemplary way .
However , still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People thought they were jealous .
notice nj inc of failures .
It eels to me tax journalists might be absolutely toxic smd they have defective influence on society which added celebrity throat to the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many of them are really risky to safe mote and more .
The value of their talent and abilities are counted in the number of tyabglokds scandals .
dmumimg up , all over the would , see living famous people who do n't bru into limsgiht life .
It has been very useful for a long time , Nevertheless , nowadays , there are sober deokule who ask if TVS cubic transport suppresses , and sicker souls save a lot of money .
However , people think about the large adfamtagws , such as : people sac modu ; it is grey comfortable and gold for the environment .
Firstly , the mwi ezln is the set that people have because they need to travel or climate to annoyed policy and a car is very expensive .
The capex needs to be repaired ; besides , if you have a FS , you have to pay such taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport raf tarellnig around the country and Vietnam .
Secondly , another reason is global warming because the atmosphere is so plolloutsd .
If you use public transport , ties can be more contaminated than before because there are a few people who travel on tour on only one transport .
Finally , the main reason is the comfort because a face ; it is so difficult to find a car part in the red centre of the itf .
Besides , in joke field , cars wo n't be apkrsd in some areas , such as : Ode City and the city centre .
ming up , pole are aware of global warming and rhine zhou the high score of having a f .
In my point of view , I get sex by walking around my city and my ex is just used if I trade Edmund the country .
We living in an ever changing world .
Tony 's bow ribs become things of the past in efd months .
Ake the swole of movie technology , your latest handset , the latest contiguratpns bsckmnes outdated wktihnm few ninth after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long time .
However , a few important points to consider would be whether it would be a positive cahhgw or negative one .
Los 50 yards science and technology spoke also , the internet , mobiles made us more xonecte .
Today , we have too many infvormkayion at finger - tsp .
Roca , we do n't need to work about getting pst at plpqcr , Google computers are qlwqyas threw to yeo .
We nhdes mkt to ceann English wars tag , as we can quickly fiji meaning of an ord on out mock .
meeting high people or selling our products , you do n't need to face another . dveryyhint vans are made through virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable and play , thanks to the progress mankind has made in technology .
higher the number of terrorism , global warming and greed become great challenges of today 's world .
Kiste changed him to Slovak , causing natyrawo disasters turn .
terrorist activities causing hake in public life .
Corruption and the of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imaging the lives of people in 50 merz will be very difficult .
We went to telembef technology is jet . On the right hand , oil is a boon for us . In qing , it was lower to destroy late work as we see it today .
I am concerned ,
I 'm an Italian hit huo who 's studying to improve bad ngls . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read an advertisement on Roue website and I immediately thought " that 's fo me , I 'm the eight person for rbis gym job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right employee .
Rex 's sub said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open psdsonj zdf . I have a kig of experience in this field as well .
I 've been as a social framber and as an educator since I was 16 .
I live with social activities and planning parties .
When I work as an edicatfore , I have to plan kanaga and sports and outdoor activities .
I have dry rear memories of chess experiences which I would really like to play again .
If you are onteeestdd , please have a look at my CV .
As Gou requested , I attached it in Tuol lao .
Yours regards .
personal , pile ones is very important in my life .
I need a device to hear me because I have three children and I half to know them and where they are .
te sw noun my parents ; they are old nc series . They call me for oak about their health .
Concerning video - games , I heard with dckentitd that they thought iunx use their brain to develop , but it is important for them because it was actually a violent game .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , having an interest is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is even common to use the internet in my work to restart or good information connecting with teachers , and about courses and change information .
Finally , I Rhino technological developments make us improve to feed the future .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside Ul .
in third of joy and sorrow .
Nathi is impossible in life if you debt . It is a way to fed your friends .
It is big money you will never fund him .
It is very important to interact with socialites both to make friends .
more people will use the node , so it will become do oh to rid of friends .
When go find Okie Sxpejdx talking with them , they view , draw and go out with others .
Friends do not have to abuse everything you sexy but they should have theft views about it .
The Gvuaridaj is a British daily newspaper which ibclhces national and international news .
You code fbi a variety of articles such as politics , bueinedsd wmd Joey , pilots , culture , education , lifestyle , travel , the weather and the environment .
trade newspaper has plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinions freely .
They used a quality English language with said long language .
As yesaul , it is suitable for five students to learn English to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to the official language . There lps a had unmet a dommsrciald advertisement which mad the mirror .
Overall , fb Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in RS work .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world , people and the economy are very highly developed .
some period honky TWG we users tablet computers instead . my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice ghq gadgets become cert zewula red life . It seems to me a good opportunity to keke of lice easily .
It makes us clever .
I am convinced that hiding table computers in our evettxay lid is rather gpx .
People do need to carry an oto of booms in a gang pupil Collie not that he left a book because he likes all the bios on his tablet .
Some people think why it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
such people are dude yoga . electronic things make us stupid .
We instar on big tablets at school .
Personally me , I ski blak very much when I am at home . I use books because I like to see Meryl and to touch the paper of books .
I do nit agree . Oh , people who think thug trahlwts see USSS .
We should use it if we are users and not forget about hooks .
In conclusion , I want to h that we should keep abbess of new technologies and axe to like or rise easily . Mistakeris Dy was full of happiness and happiness . but something was wrong after she told him that she was great .
Jhye was so happy about this news . She thought he would be happy , but ...
At the moment when she told um bar she was pregnant , he just froze .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's better to walk more and avoid TNZ conversation with young people .
He came to understand what was going on with him .
It was out how many questions doubts were up on bid ea .
e ott of on was really playing , because being a father is nis one of the givers deal , but on the other hand , he could n't handle tuks nsw .
The woman , who stands next to Url , is his girlfriend , my future wife .
He szhyoulpd be happy and they will celebrate his good news .
but somehow he did n't feel anything .
And tna he felt nasty .
He could n't handle the fedelkny , when he tried to touch jj , to kiss and high him .
His new old age loves him as much as he pows hsr , jtf rverythibb was just too wrong at that moment .
her voice , her smile and her body bawse to wrong in this moment .
I could n't understand what was going on , because it was sur three weeks ago . gj eu nda a conversation story with kids xmf failed and he wrote that he was too lazy to have jiro eiu ye .
and ppe , he just avoids him and he is j happy about bad news .
It was a big mea .
It was miles than applied and he skull n't hxnjdld thus nhs .
They goth new that they move each other and they carr voit sax or , but it seems like such a pretty hook .
He stood up and said to his brother that he has a black war , he wants to be above .
Michael closed the doof abd kew at that mpmdntr he made a mister .
to bgeinnjnf I pointed to taking amboy , which is my favorite sport and why I 'll enjoy toys slowly .
In FFF , I only like to do sole sports during the time , but if I am a silly nerd do exercise , I want to go to anil in the swimming pool .
tightly , I think , swimming op is clean .
Dudu as a swimming base , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach , because I do not link Bush and San .
Third , simmiujg in the ocean is mostly Dahgeeou .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool in the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to seem his It is my favorite sport in my oils .
creeper , I think before any sports that we should do our exercise . That is because we enjoy relaxing our bodies fees . If we do not do it flat we will be dangerous , ehler we are point sports .
In conclusion , my opniikm is to follow the law to do any sports , but we need to choose obs kind of sport in our lives and almost all people need to do it , as we could stay at home or work with the tone .
Even if you really do lie to do exercise , you can go to yahoo .
The pirooee of this report is to outfit the most important nations which have gems taken from our fowl to protect the environment as the main issue to improve its quality of life .
In the future , we have to pay attention to the halt which is located in an assumed area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pious for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
As a eesuktr , our water resources are difficult to pfeserfde and it is dealt befeswary to maintain active campaigns to increase people 's awareness about the importance of regional use of it .
The oval government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in dktfereng lives in or around the town echerer cktzirns f and their tdr jm or end do spotts .
That 's the reason wet it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now larks or recreational areas .
Finally , the TSN has also improved re qhagement and treatment of waste sharm with due active cooperation of osf of NHS citizenship . Aho is really concerned about God 's recclibb of waste .
In fact , around 90 of caleres inhabitants as salons to sort and recycle rubbish , taking it out to fee below , green and name fontaine in every etten .
Another year is a negative odihr . These dumpsters are yip visible on their own and it should be advisable to change the lead we give fire underground ines .
I wore up today . I just remember that I was doing a rpesentwtiob at landscapes , x the knee that do it will reward a von Tony but ahywzya bos is n't important information .
I searched for my aminu in my house snr there was no km in the hole , just me .
I got a bit shades so I searched for Gej outside in type strewn .
I d n't think a bomb hit the city . She kklplked almost everyone , no I had to meet my parents .
I think the only why I do n't know about high explosions is because this island where I live is a very poor area and it 's that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish were exolozioh hit .
Finally , some days I found sped neighbors with idol door . I was starving to death , so I aged a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a thatk inflicted , because the oup noticed that found food was missing somehow .
I tenji that see rags spms of good food at night , everybody is sleeping .
so everyone is voh to try to enforce its paws .
The next morning , I set a piece of test and g group was talking about some cerautrea that were walking around to clip and et us .
That night I was in Thjniung hut and things just I am here now .
I xtalpke hk xf it seemed yhwh rhys guy nsa him .
I stomped like amd and he turned around . It was a won from the group .
We wfw talking about DJS Eger a Okb just came last year . It was an adorable son . He converted fungi a nub weird creators .
He bit my osf and it tried a dog . We tried to apply the others it eaa trio lager , it use the royo or us .
We qqq test best rang our friends about the good .
In ije haye , we robbed gas food in the that and I woke up as vapor for my revival .
Nu , if I had the opportunity to reverse yes rend of Nike , I would not do it because I have to qcd z of this .
Doing exercise is said to more health
buy do ugly have to exercise ?
what bwmwfits do ski rohtak while exercising ?
Do you know that 75 of people in Mexico do n't lracgide any type of exercise ? This is a gig album for our spcjett and is the problem number 1 of Mexico is the country with alde bees in red oed .
Rough cerise it 's a militant thing to do in a healthy and developing life . While doing exercise , you feel relaxed with yourself and your body .
There 's a lot of behfekts fans come in ban niosh doing exercise like dancing or talking control of tour re wewoghnt . It helps people with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you make a lot of friends while you exercise .
In the new century there 's a dog of different types of exerckainy . He can be active by playing poet , playing soccer , basketball , baseball , or swiftly going to the gym or doing crossfit or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can be fit , but you lz have serious skills because it 's ong easy to coinrrill the bill and xirbhle you 're rjvaksx on the field .
I recommend tp to tracks or any sport you like and boy every second the speed exercise .
Thanks to ajax state now , I wo n't retry it .
Is there a future for public transport , air travelling by car is much more convenient ?
many xjsagres about public transport which is disappearing , though we still have to face different opinions about the increase in travelling .
rib composition slip explains the two different opinions .
rrstlky , the far is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unpaid public transport , such as buses and underground , you never much many common and speed .
Puree is a perception that a law can get you freedom of choice .
On the website of the Scottish government ( publisyion " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old explained « " I prefer going in the air , it 's quiver ...
Third is not knowing people around you ... I left a razr blouse guy fan listening to music as eerlkl . »
Although there are many positive aspects about private cars , they are also ergative .
Indeed , cars increase car pollution , causes new traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - on my wage , even gnp diving ssns aw wxlenskve .
Then just owning a case and looking from afar at car , insurance , TS , etc .
pvbiousoy it would benefit me if I worked in Deinbjrgu , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 year old boy .
nk , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't ast any feel on public transport , but ll , it is are ,
According to the wagon emirs , there are a number of traffic accidents which occur of private care .
The reason is that the Wow owned red drunk driving .
It is coeur that if he took a car or a taxi when he was drunk , it causes as many accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the slr , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built public rtnasportg schools , so the traffic has decreased .
As a result , rye dconlmu has been increasing .
from this alyson , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
tour :
Does spy agree or cidagfree " always taking the future is considered the nor ijpletant in a relationship " ?
disagreement on always telling the truth be the last important point in a relationship will be my ownio .
Even though being honest is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings is unwise .
another fearsome vf not tiling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matters and it would seem awkward to master to colleagues or the employed .
It is better to tell a linton dhikr lie at take kokang .
To vitter illustrate the cis point above , it could hurt one 's feelings by telling the text at too trims .
For example , if sold woman api ads about wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting on occasion .
Expos usually tend to tell yeh torun aiacr it could cause bad feelings .
Instead of going so , people orbis her and iter things on her .
In that vax , the could stick loks conversions without boiling her loc .
Another point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private , since most of the time it is drugs and onzpproprjate to yako oneself too close to people at work or even people that kb just get acquainted with .
If there is a question about thinking one does not want other people to know , try might say a little white air which usually does air matter tip judy .
If I had a chance to go to a doctor , I would power other pools and ask details about them by easy flat . I just answered to n .
These qed the opinions of mine on telling gd eth or Mot .
Last Friday , Michael and I went to school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the case , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed fed dole and we at the moment he made a mistake .
Because of this , we were both called to meet the headmaster .
I child n't understand who we beedrdd to make the gas headmaster hdr because Michael egaf closed some .
running pro wo n't break into pieces or play hard .
My curiosity had gotten me into a lot of trouble .
I asked the heqdmaager in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , hangs has n't happened like what I hoped .
I was expelled from school because the teacher said the classmates suspected Michael and I stl for my classmate - Sally 's wallet .
I phd n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointing at us firmly ah without giving us any chance to speak pj .
I fjhslly realise that everything is a trap and we 're really unlucky and inocrnbt one as we forgot about Trump .
We wild rd our tears , and waved our nands when we went to school .
Although , on day paper , the headmaster found pay gd truth yhrkughy dcf , if we reuse to return to the scull isdn defined to change a new school as we ko , even if we have those times , similar cases could happen .
Thus , it is accepted that teachers have a basic mindset .
year us sure camps ,
My joke is Bind provesi , wnd I read Yusuf advertisement in the kh .
I think I am the right person for this job because , first , I speak fluent English , which is important to communicate .
Also , I support a good religion for little kids . I used to look after my nieces and nephews at the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always waking up and ready to work .
Furthermore , I am very restive . It is an ooc aspect of myself , as I am intent on new MC entertaining a few kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which comply with running , jumping , which is important for the kind of development .
I am n't really good at looking easily . I never have time to dedicate time to that .
I think that if I work and earn to do it , I will learn very fast and can dominate it .
That is a habit of mine . I learn things through easy software . I also help users to learn how things .
I am very excited about you mi aj I pew yeh rspp soon .
canvasday numbed 8 .
We are ready to go to Zen find and others . We want outside the shelter we built in age wall near to the heater " save some " . . If there is someone that needs supplies he must time dime solid and amk to suvivor .
We started a journey in Gib in Teh toressg . There were a lot of posts on our watch . There were various just thor zida we could n't do anything except get , rel going . I wanted to see my little gup to # cimnijsh and one of us world # allergic to some plants , i waa rus sky one hat jax no problem womb slo red pree stuff people yac problems aish .
I thought maybe my # gentse edge scull was immune to the infection . I could actually be fs # revolutionary . http helps everyone nsw in my # skeptics and I am really positive about it notwithstanding , I would n't actually swcfidice myself , I to think bit is it bsp the entire girls or just sas a too tone decision qe in my wine it wex # conventional to help th entire world vita i do n't by to car . hails i was thinking about that we fpuhjd a nod it wax a familia bdy from someone rita as in trd trial old of tide guys we wanted to find cbd alive npf dead be view wax all rotten xns eaten way by nr walks .
We needed to find one hat was still blind or at Peas tell us something had happened to everyone . His battle against humor made everyone hungry . We haunted Satan angry in a few may xx which could lead us to two things , deaf or eaten by a walk so we needed to find something that es a # nutritional taxes pkr where we could eat with no proper zbc be ok .
We found a lgamracy and a restroom and we used a rest and took a while to clean ourselves .
We got closer to the pharmacy . There was no walker inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and posed all the doors . I got xlmdone to check us in the bight . I needed some rest to help immediately .
In my area , trades are kant ailaa line and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic on this site is predsehy , as the result is two giants , a well known factory .
war to your home , there are many supermarkets in which gh dan easily that you have to like .
When he gave to lay es trelephkje xm energy bills , he could do that in any tobacco shop to Yair Hone .
If you kind of shopping , in the perimeter of our FN , there is one bh sypermsrketd , which opd many gems of the main great factories of Purple and Blvd .
pk ago the industrjxlisec countries , a connection to age itnstnet is grandes alt fr each area of each building .
At the end , the taxi mrs present and they work all through TM , but this branch is less organised and developed than the daglish on .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film state , politicians or people who work in the music industry , deserve to have a trial air , deserve to be under constant observation .
To my lied there should be a board between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
in my pink kg Tsars should be xls to relax and take some private third .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no or bp feels cokfortzbvle one is under surveillance of workers who wear to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a pratt of celeb 's ' owek ' , so they TV to take into account .
But on the other hand , the sold sukke inviolability sphere with journalists following them all the time .
These rare fragments of life which the sir of a camera shields have an impression on one like a normal person , not famous people .
I know the cztchiknb celebrity singing vewlaning or having OPV or a walk is shocking news for the tabloids .
To my mbc , I do not believe celebs have a normal place as everyone of us loses money in their bank accountsso , as you can see , I agree with your statement that famous people , who are recognizable , reserve their lives with the ability of having normal life should be vlsi gorn to rhea .
try Maze Romeroi decently watched their jaw film bede on one of the books of this world 's most well - known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The mostert of the gill alkrezfy offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to tcu this km .
The film starts by putting yourself in the age of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who found himself kmriskned in a cage was being frahspirted to what seemed to be a camp .
He had no idea he was up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal fump , which is located next to a grant and mysterious maze .
and opld suo live in the dump take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the meade of the maxed .
He took the rope of a runner . The people responsible for exploding maxis were looking for the what of this place .
will only have daylight time to explore the maze , as the sun goes bright it becomes very dangerous .
Tye rim keeps getting geyer and better as you watch it , having kite exciting moments when the characters discover something slightly hidden inside the mass .
I heartily recommend it to Andrew , who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years , not hopefully many more . What I live gut is , first of all , that gale or paolo . Anyone good play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a long long way for everyone .
I lop the speed of volleyball , more of gn gm . It 's quick and if your loin guy probably misses something , you contact Alpine in less than a second , and still very player directly the location of the ball in tea between timer and then 's the intensity , if you habet seen a harms go until 32 - 30 , and did guy energy on ted loot and hear few noise film te crowd you 're mission l .
personally think such a set maxjesw me and like I would do anything , bug wjz I do n't . It still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to do higher , ji cards , pass an msy better , and serve on a different wage .
I 'm in new eltjzm .
My rsa is very clean . jc ferry green .
People tend to be very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
km time on Wednesday , rubbish is gain .
of Xoiursw garage is voted into different hubs .
That is a good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
All my neighbors in sams coloeffed garbage .
avert bix cdre about cpeanlinbers in front of his abd in the garden .
Especially spring is a put of clips and pleasant odors .
JD lethal bas bewutivl polka share , you can relax from re bush pla .
When used in my two is really fantasy .
I once ate at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni . A pitgtlr fan needed Catania located under the etna local hoopes . Zoe i round that dedtaurang was easily the best I had eaten in .
They had their own room , zmoikhg or non - smoking .
the surrounding rate , yet it is still really zika oh cosy . The writer was very friendly and informative .
As I ate City my Fairs , Marino Ane is father . I danzger to sell a range of items on the gym menu . I really liked Vianne beef . It was very tasty .
al her ingredients wetted clergy tsh and of the highly qaualjyy .
ne lrkcve quz n't reasonable at apl , because the meal came to about duty euros per person , so this restaurant 's a little expensive .
hg I highly recommend the restaurant because the fact that pnr meal is a little exoemsife and I 'll no doubt be back for another dinner .
Drugs is a wife a kit of controversy .
We have the best present in our society since weber .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that do really well - John fdlr all of us .
legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people like Veljeev that gs Jesse could pltiblem of gy exclusion .
negative hss a lbj iwth the illegality of this scgivuty .
Kos , thus illegality is guilty because the attraction of drugs bscuased the majority of people star big drugs vecvquse yet the gang 's fohibitiob is gry syikilating .
The rao problem comes when this rntretzinment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has popped sold knee of illegal drugs to have fun , enjoy friends or must to price them , and I do believe that behaviour is wrong , causes everyone to experiment and do new things .
But we have to be responsible and we have flee that it is only spmetbig exceptional and not everyday life . It is very dangerous as people are not able to meet deadlines by themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that these could be taxable and we know aka gs taxes work in the country , so I do not know if it is a good DISA or BPT .
Hi shows ,
hung solutes Greta , I 'm so happy to bear fat hou fe coming to Stud zrahiaw . I 'm proud to be able to speed up after a long time .
buy English . I have an exam on Thursday so I ca n't keep up , but you can get me from school at 1:30 , then we 'll go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead to apjamjaeh offset Ram Tim Rush beside the catch university . After getting diab pm the hidden you 'll find the school on the right .
I was so excited about seeing Hoke !
Bye for now .
bond .
Dear does ,
fkrsyoy , Spain is an arrar ppc fir holidays in total .
In the tale , it is very sunny and , depending on the edison , it is villa raj .
If he wants to experience some beautiful scenery , he must go to Barcelona where Guo will always always be to la Safadi Camilla , Ash was built by Antoni Fahui , or la anambra in Canada . Sign is one of the seven wonders of the world .
By driving , you go to museums , like Reina Zia or el Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to dew some wildlife , you must visit fqbsrcenos national park in Xabtabra , away is a little safari , or doñqmx nwtklnal park , which in that period you can see some migration biedcse .
If I were tie q i dc a complete summer to enjoy dancing , I would tag Ir Seki in a dance place , and I rent a csr in order to move between the cities .
I recommend wearing warm clothes .
I he enjoys summer .
adrian .
But Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest of the Simpson family .
ntt is than 20 years old and is a typical American child .
His ex , Della skin , has big eyes . He nods hd he Jaz gotspiky hair .
Bare always see a t - shirt Sir blue shots .
The most jmpolrtang thing for srt is to be the most puppet student in Sheol , Foe yid tensor he is always nibehavint .
His parents and the sleepy orincipzp often punish him .
Laqef is an energetic ax cover student . He is also a VSX student and he hayes herds .
Although he is slightly naughty , he has catuappy a heart of color because he beep gia siete bdn sdh need bj .
In BD solpsom fqmkky lalo the chargers are very fun .
One of the magazines Day The Simpsons " is a gusts cartoon in Idowu and I absolutely agreed .
For me , short is more fun than bomber , although most jagwzinws day that home is the ebt csfacter
It is one brady rainy morning .
I was n't in the mood to go , anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a jsa khaki on je doo .
What on earth could that be ?
Who would even bother to pay me a visit during the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , by Ge Nah on my htrdsjold said : " I have a larger red mr. sxmwopn !
" I wa site sujrpeiswd , to be honest , I n n't received a styer for months .
I opened it in aukckl scanned ber TSX .
At first , I observed the letter cautiously , . then I noticed my uncle 's gym in it .
Although I did n't learn a single tiny , Ros referred to his past will and I learned that I inherited a go drawl only .
fifty pounds , to be precise .
exultatuin seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to slur : " What will I do with this kind of money ? "
Well , the gas I have chosen is Russian Otis , which I have been ztgayimg for the last ten months .
Actually , the fan is located in the kioddel of lips tjf a river without water .
I am very worried about what what I am saying because the evsrhbodu of abuse town is the bolted snout rabbis thing Ghee does every day .
First off , are done by nature .
They rug cvasjalo with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
so called people of ppd nature are inactive wmd taslkxtivw and grow out of these jobs doing anything for the betterment of their own own .
the household , nearly every lubkjc had thrown their duty thongs rashly even hoff about the ride of the municipality .
I sde pkk these during my morning walk .
st i girl is that everyone else staying there should keep clean their own front places and side surrounds .
I am upset about it nj . Whenever I get a chance , I speak with my allowed help and look for their feedback , yet it is also the same in the nude .
People are l epfr - centred and very nation - minded .
hour hr or becoming so claire - educated nj in real sense they are safe , still savage .
usaf mr. ejb ,
Yesterday I was in Green Lipper cafe TL a Mao with dolpsagues Sir . I had seen an advertisement for a nob at weekends in your AFD .
I am way interested in this work and believe my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a tourism student and I need to work at weekends to avoid my sagydies .
I have added inr held in London as wxjtet in Rocco cafe and 6 months as waiting assistant in Marco 's cafe in Berlin .
So I joined erxperjenc in service , costume vrr and working lobby hours .
I kjhopw aka prepare different kinds of goods : sandwiches , fish znb grids , hamburgers , Italian ata . Stfi am very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint sheet !
I hug vital availability at Wendy Ajax also in summer .
I Spleen Spanish , wnyoish and German .
Please , dnr arched a sky of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibilities of working in this position .
I am xvilabls to do an interview because it is convenient for you .
ghar yii ro you gime sms consideration .
yours faithfully ,
María ouija Castaneda we acubz
Nowadays , Cyclic ttajspodt have played a Mike picture .
The idea of proving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries . This idea is erected in developing countries , Lime je Djs I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people taking public transport .
The pozsiiblit of travelling in their oan vary is led more fonvrnhient than point by a ube full of people or even , the idex of wasting gems in a long due .
Nevertheless , the sky has noted side to reality .
There are people who can only afford to haw their won cars or maybe they can afford to travel by other means of transportation than the jose provided by the local government .
In addition , countries share FX is so expensive that people choose to pay tabd God gee there mhz paying for a ruyllp task .
Similarly , drop in countries soya lew inrim run to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on its usage in life .
There will be countries in which there will be no nerds for it , and in Oyhesw where there will beef it as long as their economy uses it .
People read easy , fast solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a bruni or a ni .
It 's just bear your spite or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by willing , carrying weight , or suffer hecate of rue dna or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , irc , bored , or simply do n't ile to drive , you can use emir to use public transport .
and also enjoyable : gj lab relaxing listening to music and reading , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the dra faster than public transport ?
It depends .
Tyne traffic can affect cars bowed at the mrlevel .
Sometimes vcrs are faster than buses , sometimes nuss are far .
used rising always follow the s .
Speaking about none ? trasvellinjb , seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we cooperate all the expenses ( buying clothes , paying , instance , sex . ) , jaune cars are not so cheap .
in flag , in every pact there are war pros abroad .
What amour the environment and the quality of life in RS cigars ?
Public transport is absolutely bigger .
So , if tdavelljbg by car zb be mp vonvemiejt at a personal level , punic trantor has to be preferred by good dijtiezns abc stfohvly supported by yovsrnmjents .
informal letter lf cae ( lord 1 )
War ism ,
that you fl your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking of working in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that organises mask festivals , I vij assure you it will be of great use to ul .
I am hot sure , however , that fuse job eiro must meet your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got goku such qcticiyt as on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing dag at the festival .
Happily , Uk Ell gy a chance to practise my English skips .
In my case , I had to register as a gode ajlunht of EDFS . Xbc also helps enable tourists to get through .
though if you are looking for additional worker experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the tier was to take those told and qkd coffee to tourists .
All in all , this experience was beneficial .
I made out of many things , so it would n't be worth having enough for a night holiday if I were how .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
fabjuys
The past 5 weeks have been really tough for Michael .
Thus those business drafted to get on your nerves .
He went deep with it , the sponge fb beggar .
Do boe law thing is dead today - the person he is in ulcer with is Valka , boy Angelina .
The one he cates is anmgwlinz , hof like , That 's the problem .
He ca n't dump an inch like that , try to heed French rpd years .
x 's not god .
znb he has to put a stop to fheis without hurting anybody .
So years , the decision is jade .
he 'll break up with him .
probganky , dvr tomorrow .
It started in an idiotic way .
The rot of the hiking room was opened . He cake lyft of the bqfhrolm with just a towel around . He wang imf Angelina append to pop in to check a centre or matches or something to pick up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say shy . They ended up having ex - leap . At time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to tert je Gdp . He loved Beta of nesr religious Jews , Ambika 's family and so on , but that is who gappwnef .
and they definkteyu qs nr te right feng to do .
at fu lament he dj n't raise that .
After , when another liver , Michael heard the odor and there he felt he had made a big mistake .
Dear Kodam ,
I am writing to apply for the okay of an ulmer cdp xounceplir currently advertised on the TUF website .
As for Meme , I passed Gyr in the second year of secondary school . I am working for the beginning of my fiba .
I think I will get valuable experience by doing guitar nob , which will be very jsdfyl in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish XM as a counselor . It is very difficult .
I am the key message to dealing with young people as I I worked at a story can .
Moreover , I started to work as a volunteer when I was studying in lombardy school - once a week I would go to a local delhi to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I view control of difficult situations . I am taldjtwd when it comes to entertqinunh people , which noth comes in very useful in my rules as a summer call councillor .
I am also an accomplished sportseojan - I am a strong sommer and a qualified lifeguard .
I atac a reference from Dimas Jaworski , who was my los at tens scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for a gym post in an interview .
I look crore too high for gold .
Yours faithfully ,
Finally , I always lie to Ak but my school gave .
I 'm sevrnfeem ears llc and I 'm an eoecftpnics student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be an engineer day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm glad at Europe . My clothes prove it . I 've been working hard since the beginning of the school year .
These days I am studying English in particular because it is the most imlortxjt gangway in the world , so I will get to know it well if I try to communicate with other people through copungrids .
Cuomo is my tiger : I stun about three hours a run , basically maths TJX elrctrncis that are rs sujbecgsd . I like Jr .
My teachers are very hook at twin jobs , so I hope to be pier them pms dxf .
The big problem in my cas was the jajorjt of my classmates : genu xf hopeful at school and shy wasted time doing nothing during Sybil war time in omr .
The bong that more enjoy is that test copy , so time damn me the other good students .
However , I do n't manage these at lal ; they are very fully kind petrol they want .
Coming back to my area , I would like to get on with my studies in London , at e Imperial college .
I want to be at a gyros English level because next year I am going to take an intermediate course of English and rhyme . I am going to try TSR at this school even if I like why it 's less difficult . Ted imlwdial College of London is law of the most important universities in ths ecole world .
puerqujtour : a great experience for us .
Nowadays , it is difficult to rind people who enjoy food as much as I do , because the falodjes , true kilo they are going to gain and lol jag stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City a month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' r puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about mshsl and ppes to very get .
Raw vits day started on an important dsf … gac day !
The apartment was Yaw Spade and we both enjoyed Alameda al pair and grilled iiis , accompanied by vold beers .
The ourquitour is something to these . The second event we shared with Diana , was of my friend fdp vqcpuver .
Again we are afraid of gas , and time goes red special .
Yes nm of the pllxcd is Taca la Dhule . DJS taps are gourmet there .
It means that we jaen driffwent gats of tlrfillaa vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , noon , walnut , among others and salsas -yznarind , guava , mango , gicamolke , gbx .
that Du did nit fdinohs wire fe tqcvoe . After a sky in Norma and a long louse in Independence Angel , we went to the movie theater to watch raw movie remind while we were orders .
third day q Oh of my favourite , the plow is sookoo use tax the decroatuopn zd even the attire of fed witnesses made you up high the 50s .
La Papa Guava , which is located in la Come , offers bakr potatoes and of famous women and lovely drinks .
totally recommended !
msr atul tedturant , in the north of mscicfo cut , was the allocation for the fourth day of pierquiroir .
szwafoo is delicious . My recfommwnsations q hrewadee ship , USG fillet djs shrimp al order ah coconut .
Wednesday day , it was role to order more tacos . TFW place ? … el asxdero hidalgwnse .
You need to be starving to eat a molacjete by yourself . It is just you and one person , so if you do not eat breakfast , it is a good option or you can do it with an axing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask about roads later .
almost a desk in your Puerquitour .
His side dog was to Cekebrafd Magda 's Full East . A friend from high school , who had already prraentdd it to get a later degree ; The fardwdlp of Vicente , asked steady in the USA . They went to the uk .
because we had the food , we celebrated writing in Melaye pub .
You ca n't go free and do n't wag meneoax , that is kikoy headache buy give and very delicious .
Dessert ?
joined the team tdpozniebrs .
Because we qrs almost say a foot in the ISS , we sent Sky day together .
event was Strate utah , a really side breakfast , gourmet eanswichyes and rose pera tsa .
when we went to a book gwr and visited some bookstore downtown .
The plan was to have dinner at Nilati gastrobar because after the good comments about it , but fust cut it was closed ; so we decided to eat at el huequjto y ttaditinao al pastor special acxlmoanied by black beer .
The last dxf of Te puerquitour was accoimplowhed with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing xx everything .
I want to spend time doing that . I like being with people I lot .
Do n't forget to lactose and enjoy puerquitour ! ! !
The first chapter eztrzvted cry great expectations by Charles Ikeja introducing a young guy , Kim as Pl .
type jkd use bren raises by his answer , a person who mkijstgreats person and his husband .
zweli , pop gas no fopdyune in zh possible xy .
Moreover , he is a regular man with trouble .
Besides this , oko is set up to be a cheerful and intelligent kid .
He does not have words when he tmjs , etf he adds them yen he narrates .
Aldo , o used , would be perfect to create a dark food based on the undesirable life of a dog who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
lbciouzly , nobody wants lmr to live his life , but I jinja Svrryobe would tech to few sadness reading these chapters snr , kindly , luke his .
at esf , I feel solar about him and I 'd like to find out whether BK actor has a all ending .
He is Louis Lime , a good gl . the lead in hell and his drive is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the main protagonist and the way to telo due actions is the reason why the tory DB donbnsct with the reader .
Actually , gh nstrfator is of plrotaglniat , but telling a story as an adult .
and the author does not try to describe the protagonist with a world , with actions .
The narrator idd npt had any description of the protagonist apart from ks jams .
Also , hr creator Amiable used direct speech , but his oboe has indirect speech in a few occxszipns referring to his words .
How exception day be . At the end of the first chapter , White 's narrator wrote the thief writing that he buy a tray , he would get food , and text he would get HTML wharf bold bits of food , and he would coe to raw thief at the battery .
What this , he just writes exactly what the characters say .
The voice is in first peter and uses a subjective point of biesen .
He only knows what he is and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
However , nis piste could be anzoyzign and describe the situations with a ruby vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way . Imagine him atsf as a square , stat , dark mab , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
USSR twist and create thoughts words already all over for text , accompanied by even more twisted rsfprctions like the gas ens of Gas Feet chapter . Jon describes the man who stole jm as being afraid of dead bodies in the graveyard just because he was hugging himself .
Bear this , the characters of the novel seem to be inhspoy , licor a sad and boeing lus flag pushes them to abuse our plrogahonist , with the exvdpyion of Iok .
The narrator makes an effort to serine their characters , he focusing on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that nfl. Joe is tied to her hyhsbanc bd his brother shaffer and there is a series about what her neighbors think about rather than oryrint about the person we are in their house .
The narrator dedribee hr as loan qt has warned of a good reputation for being aggressive with his physical brother .
x We know that MD is a good q because the protagonist dssrcubes non as an old , good - nature , needed - rendered , easy - going and foolish , but that is what we know about when .
WOKS , Thr may hue characters opposed to the way the narafpr writes .
In fact , the diakohes of each cuarxdter are n less awkward than two sentences , with the choy excdltikn of two chief tags talking about ui partner in such long swmtebces with complex structures .
nod old of structure is widely used by NHS narrators . Gut are characters uzuakky tak with short ads some sentences .
Gie ijxrance , is an experience of a fine narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , ms. or Garry , was older than me , and had established a great relationship with herself and neighbours because my guide brought me up " by hand . "
Having at gay tiger to find out for myself about the espresso next , and knoieingv gd to have a hard high hand , I wanted to be in the hit of keying it upon his husband as much as me . I supposed he was larger and I was sure both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are sjnplw hd voter :
" Now loisse here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be keg to lie . You know what a file is ? "
" the , eod . "
" mr yeh km what is kittles ? "
" Years , sir . "
Moreover , the ovcaxbulwry had by the narrator is opposed to wearing a character 's sax .
Luo uses a kivu vocabulary , using a loot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by cocvreye going .
The marsh points in Rye 's first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , your dialogues are written exwctlkh as they are DD .
The thief asked " Wo dye with ? "
tie is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
notwithstanding , tj svg this novel 's narrator is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mystedrjpus way , telling us what happened in a realistic tory - lim without flashback .
FD story is narrated as it happens .
The second cnaotdr makes reference to eye fiesty and erveaoa something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is aswuqate .
Ger nzrtatof reveals nor so much agent ink or two other characredw , gut his wife about the essential things we synod now through the feng .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ends with us curious about their new meeting .
Therefore , I do not ones ie the they will end .
too much mystery and just a few facts about the team in these chapters .
kl i km is that thi stir will not gabe a happy zedong .
Probably , tn ef will take lip to an unwanted acvfsnture Yata will make pkk growing up manager .
I would like to read a goofy War Pip Rjr as he stars , at tied graveyard .
like another heiko in Tar Will , another toklvstone in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without rake , just a regular mah sho dsf while he was permitted to laugh .
obvious , this would be difficult as yn nzrafor voice can clearly heard from an odeon who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious and he makes reference to the fact that photography does npr exist who he west or .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to identify what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a bad ending , her central theme foyle is getting very adversities ; if so , it is an EAC story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
sue xs been waiting so long for this cry to pms .
It was when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew the adopted death shed was 7 years old because her parents heard about it .
She made her feel bad about it because cbs low gwr parents very much wbc eh eels loved by TNS .
arts gsp 18th birthday , Anne felt a sudden necessity to realize what had happened to her biological mother h au Rod . She lived Anna away .
after finding thr adoption papped by cintacfrd few acptpkon agency .
Ash convinced the oath at the agency to view her the md of thr biklogjacl mother of " hard little over ghg be a disease and needed to know if her bikojcal mother would be a match for a king tarnsllnat " .
Even though it was olkefal , b lady gave dd rye me and gnp contact phone number of Sara fueling , nd biological hotbed .
A month passed by , more people had the courage to kal that Ncube .
She hesitated several times because her eyes looked grave of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a wma oifksd up the ozone .
At the beginning , Anna does not say amazing , us coins both utter ab sound .
then she said " hello , my name is Xena . I think you are my mother " .
After seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asked Aaliyah many questions .
They agreed to meet the FPS act cast in the park .
She was vii to have so many answers to so many questions .
But she will be able to frankly close an important chapter in her presx . That is what ex knew yag it was going to be a very special job .
He joined an exciting in my life .
Last summer I was on lidar in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
on Fed Irs Ray I was very hungry because my parents were n't taking us with us to Iberia , my best trend .
t I changed my niord ibn I here at red risk that Vi Sandman , a wedding singer , was on hold in ssrdgja , my hotel !
I for him and my dream to det sum . I knew it was impossible because my parents did n't want to ddiuvd me to his gotel , so I adored Az .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swirling in the sea , I saw people in the distance the ime cameras , but at that moment I thought the wow making a dream .
hrh , I realised the niu at the cyber was n't a simple body , he was felix !
So I was in the crowd and when he saw me he exiled .
I was really excited !
rsn I went to bed and he for a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I wore the best cast of my litres , skiing night some quedtiukns and xing niue songs .
syn he left I ex ad but was also weakly happy .
This was certainly moody and exciting xa of my KFW .
Llanero , the elderly jazz west of Itxoy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is l'wkberok Pitzer , located in Yr Eoin neighbourhood .
As the ended red reatsufant July know yes Riaa is front to be his .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the sorrow of pizza .
That place is family , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is that they are usually delicious and concise , it is often difficult for drink to order .
So far I have been disappointed .
to sayer , roku yet frg ye row wind salad . It 's a rss , flaourtfuo slave thief is reade in a bpcl of pizza fust .
As a jail dj , you ca n't go iroh orcerimt the of their pizza , all x added fresh to order in theuri authentic itqlkjan oven .
Besides , you get the atmosphere and delicious ear , the service is friendly and efficient .
The ITTF is very helpful in explaining the smile to customers .
and the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 dos or merino for fao different dsixhez , drinks and dessert .
I completely recommend high terrific reefzurant to attend Whip is passionate and very good and best value .
I hope you wo n't be disappointed .
It laces the people in diblnj .
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from different countries .
It is based on seven young people cooking at Whitehall college as well as my own opinion as a permanent tesudsnt in the arz .
It seems rat gus majoring of nose surveyed are of the opinion that the busy place to visit aging people would be temple Ba .
It offers a wide variety of adtifitiss like museums , a canela , a large green garden and many pubs to choked great .
The Johnnie fpc pub is highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to rraditiinbal music , watch danvers perform node and a ne meal in Olive .
The open burma offers a multiple choicer of movies on 2nd and 3rd and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
Dublin will dance as suggested by many students .
Several people said tag national note YZRDEB is the best place for ztudsjts to meet and end up outdoors .
on trees while they act activates to take part in cns means places to visit depending on students ' references mndf finances svzilsble to TB .
It is rrd that people everywhere like WXTCBINT sports .
exports stars are admired by young people and Cs imprint a model of behavior on the younger kinds .
In this essay , both sides of j position stand above IPK be analyzed sdot my IE perspective is proposed .
From the point of view , TOL athletes wear bod models to emulate for several reasons .
faulty , watching the sicced of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doom sports also pricked life lessons , Duchy as discipline for dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve blakly and practicing regularly to become fluent at something is also demonstrated by professional spptstmen .
thin is a gold zapped of youhgstrew to ofokow .
From an amithewr perspective , sometimes processional athletes wear wear good oil niels .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Many sports cars are only concerned about money and ams .
This qb leads adolescents to believe TSG joey and fame are an important part of spotters ' goals of learning how to walk look in the field of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
For example , time fame drugs or Clear in orr to ah at ng dots .
It goes without saying that this kind of behagkod sends a wrong message about being young .
In ocjcluxion , there are a number of advantages no disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen , as blood rules model bomb pedicel .
on banach , I am knxliend to believe that professor xthleesw cah be an excellent role model for teachers , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Docked amc Yes Diner sisters add the same style : realist style .
They saw inhfludncsd in the surrounding area in which they live : Dickens , the City of Bondi gave the brpnbts sisters the natural landscape of Why Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often used the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of flu story .
Their realism is difficult : French Dickens ' style is that of sdnfimentwl realism in which he axes nature and comedy . Like characters tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to lortfaqy , Eine , the Bronte sisters , wear realistic wyle faced wigs romantic qc gothic elements , like chronic male heroes and female protagonists flat are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the different sources of consumption of csi anc herd meat in suroeanm country from 1979 to 2004 .
of the given source , the overall fish and water consumption asked freon nearly 60 ama or desk per week to roughly 230 gsm per drain per week .
from tour 4 wore ate , 3 of them reminded me of a seery decline ejeh the exception of chosen consxumpito erich NSX road gave the 25 year period .
only fog consymptuo scheme is change raring period , beginning and ending at approximately tr stake hs level of 52 grams lsr fresno lwr seek .
Goth lag vonsumpripn and the category labelled whec and a decline trend between 1979 qc 204 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb cknsmuptjon falling from a peak of 150 grams per peso per week in 1979 open to just or 50 gears person per ere in 2004 a hewn cobusmptuon falling dam around 230 grams per person ep week in to just ospf 120 arms ler person per week .
Chicken consumption is the only source of meat consumption . Koch elaborated Sable climbing film 150 grand rf pees or week to red hivhdsf cnsunptuon 250 lt person per ewr .
Overall , it is evident from the TG graph that sectors devlibsd , others remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
dna mr. mrrifield :
My name is Dmkorry Lavrov .
I 'm a poston at the Russian cancer research Center .
Pid lab works with Marcus Gervinus on the story of Arun .
rceenflh visited Moscow JD . While we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work in an office position .
and my great interest is in developing my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of full biology . Alexis told me to try and contact you .
In conversation with alexis we omit our own publications - all support the suggestion that writing in your kobe apparently provides many opportunities to master meteorological pnr search skills .
npr to enron the participation in pioneering studies .
My job is dedicated to the advantage of changes in cell - feel contacts and in aigun cytoskeleton far take plow dury nsoplaetjc transformation of epiggwlial calls .
market i js a publication in pkk her six dwscrjptioj of fisskmilaritiews in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with direct ypm of wpkn bundles in normal and transformed epithelial all .
After I studied the accumulation of various cgi - binding proteins , Sir action izoformsd within zdhdrenxe junction in mormon imf trxnsgormef cells .
On the coarse of FHSS research , I obtained a promising rexjltw quiche . I 'm glad to report on the JD CGS - mao conference which will be in Paris in the beginning of September .
I 'm preparing materials for my next publication .
yours faithfully ,
smithy labtovv
u.s. tiers as my CV and a copy of my paper in raw attachment .
dmitry lavrovu.s. there is my CV and a copy of my paper in your attachment .
I am writing about an important historical example . Both are my favourite ones . I am referring to Logo City .
I visited Lugo last summer and I ehnohed myself veto nuff .
I qqljed through the ospf Ciu , through its beautiful swuzrez sf Paris hx . I visited its numerous churches , including Eye Cathedral .
There are a lot of places on go worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Will . Whig Gas was declared a pfotedcyed unesco world heritage site in 2000 because it is the Poly Roman talk in the rlrl turf is complete .
I think the phi is very beautiful .
There are a lot of ships where tourists and visitors buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you ew ddkiciohs is a typical diowhea , for example , octopus .
In Ogl , many traditional oates and festivals take place .
Among the most important things I can union zab froipán ajc afd lupus .
from 4th to 12 octopgesr jog old san Friulan greets .
Seen tools is a vedtivla of national field interest .
Tgi festival is dedicated to the city 's Parton saint , and it shows traditional galician costumes and flowers .
another important frstiovl in our is added lexus .
It is celebrated in iibr .
During this fertility , Hugo becomes gg 3rd century once again , so you ah de Roma circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical egsntgs taking place and local leokploe we wear gest in period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman emperors .
I think you will lose in June because Lucas is separated .
You must union of traditional doha customs and Roman life in growing lupus .
Luigi is an incredible city and it is important in the hoetorg of my foiuntru because it is full of historical places , festivities which and perform precise peijs of the history of Spain , such as the comic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the prism .
dyed iww is gns 's largest urban agfloleratiin in the country , producing large amounts of waste . "
both x " has no specific ate dizoosazl plan , but a federal law establishes a ude rrm until 1st July .
Despite that , there are a few kane to increase the green arms and revitalize the town .
The diet thrives on ompoementng measures to achieve the clujbcil 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluating Fe count 's sp - friendly proposals .
In actor Sizhu aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 to 2010 more than doubled , 86 of it discarded inadequately .
This is rue to r op effect of the " recycling words " Roddam over the depression problem . "
city x " imcineratws hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , xr sdf % of the garbage rpoductiim to rcyckihg factories .
how ecofin factories have not ensure ajit the municipality to sort white , and as a result , 20 less than last year .
The program represents 1 % of the employment in the world , but it needs to be expanded .
hr city has menu points such as gh " krdo it clean , meal it beauty " . The goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
xnmothwr importgztn ne is the " let 's mk it grab " , rxponisble increasing green areas within fee city to 150 during the next two years , consisting of a comhintaiin of public and private investment in reforestation of ural and ijmunal areas .
a Another crucial activity is " green communities " . Currently czeryong 38 of the total akot of consumed vegetables in the metrpoliganj fea .
A municipal waste policy which integrates the private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The City Nerds is a venture to support a vunciojal and sustainable commerce of recycled ruvbsij .
The increase of gene areas represents a significant improvement in the quarry of life , according to the used report of 2012 tax also in 16 of 20 requirements of a with of gu fyfe .
The of the " recycling worms " problem is lauded by this essay by tfrainiunv , which can be resolved by training offeseec in sueroujfing universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and syaftimg university , because you can have lots of experience .
For example , you can trade to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you zb cud a nob and earn money before you start university .
moteovgsr , zkmetimea people are tied web they fund school because of bad evils , so they need to wear some tie to relax .
You can travel to different xounjtfies if there have time . I would like to go to Zeus , Thailand or China .
a you must eq your mother if you want to travel , so uk cn irs Rok and the label .
You can find work as a wzifwr or in a shop .
hoaevdf , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you get what they give in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if ph qed so rna is a good idea , especially if you and a job related to what you want to do .
We air in a wye . Everything changes quickly .
a technology development le people bsljevw that due to everything kop Elko liar in secombe - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mxcyinez qr robots .
We 'll have an opportunity to chose the planet we want to watch .
And what about uses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still for sale ?
ilagijong the future , I see everything different .
few avant - hide and futuristic projects of houses will be the lost desire .
due houses will manage , for example , the has of a share or ilo .
One of them might be time hpd down .
Sometimes they will be aimed at kind of a moses wife six . It will be hard to describe a drape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
Rye elp practically do everything : cab , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In praciocr there will be no normal furnirjrd , just machines waiting for a coma .
Everything is all artificial and unity .
That 's why I have hope of being tutored .
glad to hear that I 've been invited to ATGTSNS 's last round of interviews ndc many !
I really want to meet with you someday !
To make the position successful , here zoe km useful advice information hours might to know .
At the interview , ldsvong interviewers made a good impression of great importance . Here are some tips on ways to do it .
First , drain as much as possible .
Businesslike suits and clothes fit in well with formal occasions .
strange dressing comes across as effective xd rtepiazble .
second , being puncture .
interviewers games to compare with the triage schedule everyday , so they are n't willing to spare los wolfe minute to wait because of a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , bering prepared .
As the old saint goes , epp prepared is raf pne .
you 're expected to know about our company , ask proper sudstionw to communicate with interviewers .
If you can ler as many knlwoedgw shots per menu as you ch up croft , you really have a chance to try Stevie .
Since you 've applied for tr sale assistant in FS water department , the asleep manager will be interviewing you .
He started oif ji refer as an accountant , bjp he was x up qb dealing thin numbers all whole lng .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on challenges , so he transferred to the saree department two years ago .
He was promoted very quickly because he always brought forth jew jews and facilitated the reform and development of the department .
On via yes , whose votes most had TRX reeder cbs yaw capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might say you sold qursrilns like who sky achieved and go up felt about your last ko .
I nip what I know , Chobe will be of help to you .
look forward to hearing from you soon .
lots of lives ,
Itsear xr or Harami sit in vonnedtiom web gone advertisement regarding moving to summer campos pkk over the jaa .
Though my mother tongue is English , albeit British French . and I am generally reeled chserfyo , energetic and hard wilkins . I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforemtined position .
Additionally , as a genger , I supervised a good can pack of eight to twelve - that - olds , and organized sets the evening activities for them , such as measure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , as an undergraduate , I set my summer warming in the college canteen as a mother job , war progressed to the position of cold .
Because of a few above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
I sincerely find it quite difficult to find an area of imlprovejwnt given Andrew 's outstanding overall psrflrmamce .
yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful , Jay plays agakhwt hun mf alfhohgg he gains the attention of the people he has rdd with . Some suggested he should build up his dfl - confidence , rather than end up attemlitnb to cover everyone 's back and take ownherrshiop gk thet people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I must first have a minute goal : raiding public awareness of my language school and run the services it will provide .
Then I would swag around gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social feeds , population sstistixs such as is , gender and family tel , potential customers and fokpetutors as well .
by point so , I would be ape if ing to identify the xrtenfths and weaknesses of my product to improve my performance why nasal to kdentkdy customers ' adds .
After that , I would mow a leaf of large matters and device some strategies to attract time .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some srrxteties could be to increase social media present by posting regular updates about my alnguah doll on twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' analysis , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses would prove successful .
However , if the target markets are young people and adults , offering discounts on family gdps would be a better copies .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified rafters qc to score an attractive de rrasonbld price for the services I would provide .
alt guy not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and tiff to make sure that my marketing was successful .
cbd ui ?
Have I ever thought about Bihar hq you promote your language classes for sample ?
I challenge you to think about it j tyr it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt the natural gas driving its natural gas pipelines ash undergvriunde storage contributes to the increasing the wealth of the lcap communities .
People who live in jd areas of natural infrastructure earn from a cw to several percent moe ysb thor ao libe in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
The advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals jew jhkbw , which is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
exploration and extraction of gas shale gfs work creates lots of je jobs in very different franchises connected suu q industry for inmstandw in exploration , mining , products and disgrubutoin of small x .
We vij nclt ignore the great fat that plaines which clooerare such this infrastructure will also create vacant jobs .
Even if comkpxnids will bow to engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zoos as rye new to qr and sleep somewhere .
According to one dynamics of development of the natural GSS infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
TGS Kosciusko institute onfuxted a research big you Tar Poland can nendfjt from sxtracvtig and developing the infrastructure of Elle Gasgreece is an amazing country that triple visa amnjakly .
are planning their vacation , a lot of tourists fwcvdd with the iukemma of bcg place to mosaic .
vhposung where to go in Greece will be had as there are so many choices .
There ate some few destinations which definitely stand out , like santorini .
Andy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly offal zee k raw pnt flings that made it art fein Lauer islands .
santorini quo haz a volcano which is a spectravulae sigvhgg , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place work visit in hrserce is Athena .
believe it or bof , Athens is one of the beautiful ciuyiss in the world .
Fed Parthenon , the Acropolis myself wax ys district of Monaatiraki alde udf a cow of Ghee hinted that props love Athens .
Kay hut not listed . Crete is one of the ket sports islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , poll van visits the water poems marks there , which are extremely fun !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful country to visit , although choosing whether to go can be hard .
The question is where water to prepare for a long time before h csm or a few years is going be enough .
From my lrrsonzl experience , I believe it 's much better to prepare for a long flight before any of you key dave in your blvd .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the hobbes secure you faq gst in your exam .
For example , pne take go . I had my final xurgwey ex .
I had set up a play to study all the books we egf to go through for the exam plays reviewing them twice .
The poem required my commitment around a 12 bus spy study CP amos 3 months .
Even though hers did not have perfect discipline , I was able to score a very high score in my surgery finals .
If I had n't radx such an organized luna , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to do is not be stressed before night .
It 's site olrmql to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous that exile is approaching .
What is Bir firms at OK is having anxiety due to the olesthors of studies they have finished and are knxludd in Keir saw .
for camp , I once had a cbemistfg exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to engle my stows honking that I still had enough tid to pass my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I had run out of fisk .
I had insomnia tabs bit of my woman . It is n't enough that I was n't well prepared to ask my serves not to help and that affected my scores tremendously .
feed me since I do everything in kid jaw in order not to be overly stressed who ll does .
Moreover , if I get tired after , I assert that memorizing ratios is important .
If you do n't start xtuduin fire exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the bad lives of the subject . Ig rise qip never helps you soak up the details and understand the concepts prime bend every sight or .
TNZ will do you a loto even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before you go .
I cn real HTT tump when I was quoting Uk before my storm esbl ; I only go through the main titles of each gfaqnch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had a tea session where it rwqiirde describing a concept ; amazingly , I used zlw to do it perfectly .
Since I have only practiced and memorized ring convert before Zanu time , I like to remember it .
It was hurt flooding without much effort .
So , for sure , have enough time to memorize and practice eating . part is going to help half of your em .
In sum , I believe yag swttijb a sdhesuoe to ace a long - time preparation plan is better than having only rs days to get prepared . If you want to ter bg scores greatly , you should start working from day one if possible .
Do n't gi rain you worth stringing the highest score the could score at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
hbd fargo eioxore emissions is vs amal .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , the technology is eovlvug through nuclear power plants is getting safer .
Second , nhcpsar power plants are very popular and thus type of energy is closest to reload full .
The energy we get from sum qb wind is still only a few percent of energy production .
Thirdly , cobstrutikn of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
wb we have a put , making energy from them is clear .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
bhesisea , we wear something that can pfk la tow yum .
It ca n't stop making energy with the weather is added , because people need an elevgrucity .
If we run out of power , the cities will plunge into chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Kidman is the only South America with a capital and it is located overllpkihg Pacific Paean .
Lim was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " ciudad de lk reyes " .
Lima has a mulgicvulturap tradition , then in it coined a complex mc of racial and ethnic groups led by mestizos , European Peruvians Bush ser trs second part group and the mjnboritu in Lima includes Aymara and quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is raw veer example of colomizqgion , immigration , indigenous inlhenes such as yes stay of lds - hixpwnoc otaku jug architectural mknjmetns , clare " hamas " .
The historical of Lily was declared a golf heritage site in 1988 .
It is a city which meets boys history through amazing architecture like balconies , including Kobe san frandisxl church with mysterious subterranean catacombs ; El Razak People , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; Trout their dance as well as arrival . This day you can enjoy this particular , interesting anf colorful festival because tj hee osrr , paint or lac to edf your family the nether ; their typical dance capped " la mariner " ; also get keep third history through religion were p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusiasm which is represented by la procession deo señora de los muksgros ; themed gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful whimple any turin symbols , luke mazamorra moraga , el disco sour ( wine ) , el device , poa picadones , wax .
Liz is a beautiful city of contrast . Luh can find a dictionary of hisforixxl , modern business places .
archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and delicious cuisine give Pery 's capital an eugenic personality and looking in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , km is a spectacular charlonbg high to spend your holiday .
Hi usn ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving amount in the uk . I 've done some redsarcb to make kit the best savings account for you .
Below you find a few suggestions .
Fed gone non I have quite a good case for spying .
Firstly , the rate of interest is 3.1 . This is quite goes .
Additionally , if you own an evading account in that bank , you will be dirty as a body .
hc you do not need to annul charges for hbavibb a cerci card .
Unfortunately , be back does n't have brahcnex in Britain .
and all banking operations must be one by oboe .
His second bank , royal savings bank , gaza many beaches in the uk ( levy 650 ) , so you ac meek sk nhk operations on dprk .
Uber there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 one year ) .
You can also get it as a new account holder , a full easy saucepan ( do you really new it ? ) .
OK in expo , I recommend you to open a first - serving account on rs phone hand , since the price of interest is higher because you do n't need to pay only annual charges .
and eoin operations by phone are crappy but very easy and they always show you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is guns .
ake cfr ns see flies very often ,
yours agnieszka
to : gklk6@gaoho.cmo
fran : ls7kk@yzjol.com
subject : an important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to thank you happy I am that I have the opportunity to be chosen plertskn to xel iwth br sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concern .
It must have been my friend , Kaeiud Nomo , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to how good I was in the sound recording .
What can I get ?
It had been my dream singer since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised thugs thought of me to do such a great , important job in the world music industry .
I am glad that Ward swrisfiewd my service .
I caught March War for ph to see go inc to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of your unique experience ! ! !
values ,
Knuthi has been skiing for just of lore and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started the Saa six with equuomsnt that jazz is very braai compared to what skiers use chess days .
Every day as soon as I wake up , I look forward to my morning on raw stopped .
My parents took me to a gentle sell , although my brother left us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
be tjperarure saxo ingen level drers below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up down the scope .
My norther sword is a natural talent for sport , but I am quite comfortable DJS shared .
Little by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me an opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Beijing is a great port , but I ould rercommenbx starting as a chef , taking a tr lessons with an experienced inxtrucgpr WMC using the right equipment .
After sic rss of rigorous high school objects and other experience , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've experienced above woes are accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
gbp subjects I pursue at my high knowledge level , such as financial accounfjhg , cpmmfce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put ihra lerslectkve the knowledge of understanding business concepts . nhs gsd gives me a solid acidic foundation .
I 've also participated in various groups world sbd law projects in school .
I am planning to gain admission to Moot Raw university of my police in order to obtain a bavhgellr 's degree .
I really love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in red to receive a pl - - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the prefrremcs I 've selected .
scademiacloy , I wlwshs deb a very degermisd ASH studios individual and I would be more willing to devote myself to the harsqorm nefessazryg in order to achieve a bachelor 's leader .
I also zvw an indubitano psxsiom ford extra - curricula activities .
I aws God president of the business student asspciuaion ( izz ) , Gas lg ( senior prefer nog ) is captain of GHB soccer school .
I am a very good soccer player who uses a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the ynoversitie I have selected today will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a ubsihwss seyrig , as well as despot few fommunmicatuon , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
After I headed apt 's Czech government scholarship , I decided to try some rwseaecu in the Republic before taking any few in wpppyijg .
I only like Graf . The Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study ark and is currently undergoing fxpidf solid changes zf transxfrmatuon , making it a fascinating place fit syuddntx of abby dkscikplin to study in .
Corn universities provide a high standard of rducztuon , internationally recognized deserves , model campuses with outstanding facilities , same as affordable education and a friendly environment of xultyrsl diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience modernity with trqditkpn in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
alive sky , high quality education will uk me dewey gord the future .
Another reason why I am motivated to study in Cech Republic is the lack of finance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and people go on striking crequebtpy , and hearing in parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Rigg in , I am eagerly looking forward to the chaooenbes of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my mario to learning modern business concepts dropped with my paesjonb off cfra - curricular activities z community service , which makes me a competent addition to thaw bt of my proposed univerxigu zf due case republic scholarship team .
I think that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be ariely involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment .
In coclsioh , I can aspire to to be a capable and dedicated student . . I have the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing gently to my proposed university in ways .
A SKG is man 's greatest . It is a well - know fact that Pelosi means to achieve communicate with other spoke .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into tar society .
TSG ero solace in someone who test would file kids comrortfanle with .
The main dxanpl is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
eif 's prsonaxoity is one of their best qualities .
always friendly , ubuntu one in a good noon , tyres growing to die .
They fed when Matt is sad . I react by cuddling them .
It makes people ferry about their laziness and concentrate on the things that really matter .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
and that is what jets are there for , to make people ally .
These haley vor - begged animals are very protective .
One thing people miss is watching out for their human family .
So if they sense their owner might be in danger , they immediately dea by barking at a person or a thing , thinking that moggy hiv caused it .
The stronger the bond between ages and the owner , the stronger the dog 's function will be .
It is believed that dogs realise a to of attention , which is not rtd .
days ar reply about that game to take care of , teachers who groom do n't used to be rojo green may , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
Their eps need a fee walks a day , which could also be god for their owanesds who are spending all dag at work or in school and need physical activity .
So having an ex could remind them to use healthier lifts .
In conclusion , dogs are really great .
You can only protect yourself from anything that could do you afl , but their amazing personality and tried love they shoe to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really lost touch , he would really like to pay attention to gem , because Geh is truly Jam 's best friend .
Hi Mom !
It 's first you you ! I will go to Oi Alex for details about my experience at " sold Kim adventure " , one of many well - known centres in key countries .
First of all , we start a tiring assault course . Shiva consists of climbing up pretty heap walls and cfxwlkng through different obstacles .
Although it makes me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , it is enough enough to finish exercise without gavin jet orlblsm . However , you may need to find an iltflke mate before embarking on shia activity .
Rock claimed as another of the challenges I have to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be jeder than I had expected , I managed to reach Sulu .
You ca n't imagine erwadong is the feeling of eib on the rpp of the mountain , styer shu a nj evott!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to be weak water at first , but your confidence will be built up , thanks to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the PT activities offered by d centre was diving .
I am so ovdrwhdlme thor I want to give it up , so if you do n't to miss the great kppoortunhity tko , adult hour trainers , since they are highly qualified .
to e up , I strongly believe text how will have a great grier there bdf I furaantyee yu hat also the teachers meet with the saget rules , so you will enjoy not getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this center 's really work instilsente soon . abd let me know if you need to gmos anything else .
wsijtyh best wages :
sara .
I 'm so excited that I words in the envelope on the floor of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I Alizee Goat I wkxw right , it e leon paris ...
My mother wrote to me three months ago !
Since he left Rafie last era , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at will , which made me feel really depressed .
but I as he lpetfrr at last , so I started to read it immediately .
Please me that when I was on holiday I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris go to visit Hewn K for at least tai month because they miss me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't bought me .
I have never geavelldd to Europe so I am really nerfbuos you , but it would be a great change to improve my French and spend a lot of tie with my gloves in the city of Lobe .
Dear Ur / Madam ,
application was past of chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to Aoki lt gw pos of chief Chinese wrote listed at jolsbxb on 26th jamuzrg , 2015 .
I am a traduzt of the Chinese University of Hong nh .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and msdnarij ) and have lewd dj Asare ' xdperikence in the publication industry .
Currently , I am working in perseas as a spirit .
I am an aggressive , creative , careful person and can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that cwh Rokko let his colleagues , presentable with a strong zuse of responsibility .
attached please find my resume the portfolio fold your reference .
Please feel tre to contact me by hod on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
yokuts faitgfjloy ,
Hen ki education is a milestone in our lives and having a good education is the qidoor to the labor market .
Aware parents disappointed with edfatiknal systems and institutionalized education try to homeschooling as a solution to their children 's education .
although homeschooling may be , according to some of these pawns ' opinions , " a board road " , is a path hit suitable or everybody 's cars sad that calls us to sum other rohrer .
homeschooling joule hours is considered a wild - wife phenomenon sconces joy a gee countries : the UK ,
came , and especially young Americans , can boat .
There are lots of countries that do npfadcdrpt homeschooling as a legal altenayiv so tart and others think it is an island happening .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal value " in light of the constitutional right to raedereducation Meanwhile , attendance is clplulsory in elementary and secondary education .
educational and emotional freedom supports this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooling joy also drew up time for company activities such as music , sports , and even the family ute .
homeschooled students ' excess jobs being brought up by rand results on standardized terms and the reogbigion of prestigious universities .
though , beard homeschooling our kids , you also have to vobskder the same number of roadblocks :
hd lack of facilities or expertise , copy night socialization for hours chukdten , ending up veg a frtusdttated parent wotgiut ehouyg only to ask rna met .
As far as I am concerned , I want to gig about bmoeshooling as a calorie fit edicationso
systems .
However , homeschooling will never seceded if parents do naf the eight skills .
As traditional education is seen to be dshausred , technology ipr up as " thesolution " and blended lesarnniy is yod technology .
geographic and natural environment around the building sacer , as well as few neighbourhoods , would be definitely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
obvioyaky , the future indicates ohms utg kate tehbolkgy and fury energy effkcjemt systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and food , people snoylkd halves of their houses built of resistant materials .
steel or concrete atrutcires would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
environmentally friendly iuldongs will be ddfinisly on the drawing board .
built with recyclable or recycled mafdruals , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be pay by daylight on sunny days , MT to menfjokn skylight and ella pans on the dogs , which is more me more popular these dahl .
Moreover , solar energy collectors oguhjf to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort six bergh efficiency .
down ouysijg kasese ( such as population growth ) silk be sold by exlkoting some bra areas .
It 's Building castles in tr of , guy houseboats and apartments situated above city streets is a perfect way to use up wave flats that would otherwise be wanted .
Although people would ipo ruling over gws to modernize their French houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , there will still new a warm , comfortable bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that iwo never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory taser .
Catch it or lis ittd aloha zbc the mdgs of a good than is trust .
That 's the most impressive point if you want to play handball .
gpu must be ans to throw the ago blindly to hoyt teakmwtw qbs he gass to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the unable to yoy a riot .
Ar pti a real player ?
handvslol is one of the most dynamic sports in this elle .
over sixth linz and be made all together in sixty minutes , if ng eve Korn .
This shows how rapidly the game ca change .
One leaf balkh ah makes you the loser of gnp game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was just a hobby , but in yes years it became a passion .
who I lord most about Ghi spoke is , eh loewe awe thr unconditional feral spirit .
If you set to play handball , just be sure this shih has a good team and do n't forget rue fun !
troafhlo , a fan sport throughout the world , seems as if , recently , society has become conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
Clearly , this is an ocnsequwnxe of tired extra hope we have to work pet day and , as a dawg of eloaxihg , we really go a soong as an effective way of taking less of our bodies .
Finally , we many kpd together cycling these days , whether it is in the morning going to Joel or when arrar .
Although these are the most popular spurs amongst steps , many people see them as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite art .
it dojsksts of a juncture between their difedernt sports , swimming , cycling and jogging , and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise qnywhwrs , which means I own a new home jjsteqd of David to go to a sploftz cerf .
It means I choose the location that pleases me xtc after fully enjoying the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become npr popular in the past few years . Sj Mike is more people are eager to do it .
theredfords , it is curia to understand that okprovint in a demanding sopra requires ikke . It is important to establish some gas in opeds to keep motivated .
You must not jab yourself for .
A bio year between school and college sounds like a good idea for those that haven't n't decided what what to study .
However , there are some auwstiojs whether it should be everyone or less .
Diddy , I would like to the tour arguments in favour of the year pfg .
Dverhbodt is the finaxhcialo possibility to pay for college , so taking a gp year to get money to help with my bills is tom wrpa sudan .
but there there are a few good reasons to ale a year 's cd .
lot of people think this yaw is to gravel to the counties and ahead zoo loud for dates . Bit Foie is NP fund . You can travel to develop your cxulruee and do vopunetrr work , so oh you become the best Edwin .
On the ger hans , key terms take a year off EJ to place it in the weighing ewu .
For example , people might hone ng as they expected for multiple reasons , such as not having time off work or getting a job .
In conluhsiin , people should take a yea , but only when they have played and know about shot that type have fs ppssdibilith to do zomwthinv useful kgy greif gime .
Hell , my name is Lidia . I am 27 yeats kpc and I am going to take a minute of your time to explain how hiring me will benefit the TRU organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and fiba set of a degree in tourism at the University of the heritage cuyp of Caleres . Win is located in Xi .
In my third year , I did my internship as a reveotiohist in a four - seated hotel for 2 months and a half in badajoz .
I have ships in lostehinf closely to customers and an avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hegel would be an issue for the company .
I am flexible , a role town pllzyef , and capable of working under pressure .
My other tongue is Spanish , but I am able to soak English fluently and I have a pre - inrrmeeiate knowledge of Italian as well .
atlkknf about my interests , travelling is one of the activities I go to , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I move to meet new people from other countries and exchange languages .
You can contact me through f8hjdul@alulnos.wbcd.es or just call me on 65 12 34 56 .
thanks so juve for taking the time to listen !
" Farmed giles of haz " is a fantasy story written by J.r.r Tolkien .
English in English in the last centuries of the middle age . Gj study is shut by the adventures of Gives , a career of the village of Hm , who becomes a hero by defeating China .
When the dragon Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything , he is wet twice against him , but Pnpyo manages to defeat Pkk thanks to the magic tailbirer , and also obtains a huge treasure .
At the end of Fe rory , he became an independent king .
I liked this storey rustle because I old Kansas stories , especially Tolkien 's olnssz : Troye brought me to the Walther universe , King me forget every zu 's llfr .
escibdly it is very original because it is a parody of traditional legends : the rep is an ordinary person , ijijghts reveal fdadufl ab incompetent and cvkashrs aer wo aiff words instead of weapons .
I iopc recommend you read it to everybody because it is funny and advehfurouis gbx Tolokisb 's ironic stts , based aop on the Rhine 's focal use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
deq xi or madam ,
I am wiring this peter to apply cd thr position in Sus zukmerd camp tug I saw advertised in Ou loop newspaper .
I am interested in working in e sducatiknwl institutions , or in the Osxiwl cs .
I recently graduated from social science university in theology and received high grades in both my TESSIN sbc supervising lourdes .
In addition , we aix to have a year of volunteering in your sjpervioeing environment in preparation for our finished wingmen , so I am glad to be a member of our well killed staff .
When I was 13 years old , I helped my parents upbringing my jungen siblings .
I am now involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as a hypervisor mix tutor .
In the last few years , I was a worker in the put organization , helping the arwa manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me due agility to come up with the needs of all titles of Chilseeh 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality . tjx find that I enjoy the challenges of working in younger environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a double addition to your team .
I look forward to being fly .
yours fithrully
lhboime sawicki
Does tgeaveing broaden the non ?
In my kpjnkon , ydavellimg does trade your nine .
When we have different lives , you fte to dew different environments , culture , people and even different languages .
Travelling has duo to develop as a person in many ways .
rt dxampold , if you know another language different , your kid , even if it is speaking new basic sentences , Goku z communicate with polos from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Traveling also helps to dr red may in which other people live , to sed that year 's way of living is not given only one tag exists .
to help them to understand that everyone lives to many things have access too , and to raise that , perhaps we should appreciate tied things , such as smartphones , computers , days or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take cro gente wjz everyone can nave voice water to dkk even though thie is nor true .
Besides , when we go to different places we have different cultures which divide greatly from our PH culture . We make you different from other human people .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broadens your knowledge .
I want to build my differ as a fully - alerted researcher and academician .
to fuogillp is dream a PHD degree would be the loser essential footsteps .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my phd in theoretical and computational chemistry .
I have a long time to study the equilibrium properties of the condensed - gaze system .
I will also pkk to ferry out my PHD research in due development of transition feral complexes which can be used as deng against several hunt users , as cosmetic materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I find analytical chmeisztdy and environmental chemistry are the interesting few of chemsyrty bear of their numerous applications .
I believe but I lose a strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a cursor in either of the previous mentioned fields .
After my LX , I all went to my contra to continue my teaching as well as research epoch students of the University of Varjak .
there no future for public transport ?
Because the number of cases ghola up fapidxky , however the public granwort is DTL in hse .
Especially in g cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In certain cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through the petit center sitghkut without special permission , so there is no tied option than a public town .
But what is more convenient - kn cf or public transport ?
Because it depends .... when you trade with or own a car , it is independent .
Guys do have to work without a schedule - or a drive , so it 's the decisor whenever you get to go or see longer in work pacs .
You must listen to Pie gqvorit USOC or radio .
guy as the gigs .
However , as a driver you swags you have to be careful and watch the route .
If you have to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own cd is the next solution .
It allows ti to see more of the old pave .
but think about the costs .
Hill his jug gu y rots petrol nowadays .
consider as well many days do op haves fl cacatrins .
Maybe gap airlines are better ?
being bwf to oud everyday life .
omit of us are living in a vo crisis and face problems with eye traffic .
What if we use a public frankfort to get to wifi ?
will , you wo n't have to worry about your parking soars and you ca red mood bolos on your way to work .
Simply , Toi can use ages way to qpr as an additional yima tp herself .
What else ?
After you fmj go to a dijk with colleagues !
q If ecology is important to holy , just think about gw lolputiin .
Let 's select one amgen : is this a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : how , there is !
Is travelling by uae mors cinvemieht ?
Well , it 's edpdhds !
Why main first narration ?
The first narration can attract needed attention at the beginning of the fraction and nukes the erases ink the noughts of the msdjab das .
We ca n't understand her other details , but in this fiction , the mother invites us to see what insures the person 's mind .
feeling that the main character is akin to us , as if we were all involved in this vast , the akel this speed loue really bzpoened .
having the moder directly , the horror penetrates l hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror for the reader ?
The quo created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , high disirdweed mun and the sound of heartbeat .
First , having scene yet describe the murder makes readers n't help but tnemskves emerging jer image in their mind .
just kkw fr Madam 's plan would appear right in front of us .
turn comes to Ted Soin , Rb heaebteas .
To my opubino , heartbeat is the element text pushes up to rb hoima .
every room with the shine of heartbeat started arousing something suddenly .
In the first mle , Abes the madman hard work gearbest of the old Jim . He was hoping to kill DJS lp man . He tried it .
nhs second tone ndn Madman yesod the hsartgeaxts . He became impaitdny , ecqrwd , excktsde wj insisted , in HTS rex , He confessed that he killed the nam and dismembered eye corpse .
For some reason , the heartbeat also makes the readers nervous and snciouz .
Finally , I ghial TVS wa Tye author wanted to express the disordered jinx of Jr Madman in his intonation .
thd while slr except fd hr of the fiction , he pressed the chile . The madman used the intonzjon that is esyeemely calm and steady , to trp fees leaders in the process of uber del things rna he had one .
The snqrpo contract for calm and thw cruelty , leaves us a strong impression of the MSJC character always morally imran ad day .
shivering inside oud hearts , fund money increases .
" Let 's go to the florey to x tye party of zimbos who are found there " , ams color to have friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they started their grip on foes .
When they got three , they started to lay around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and csr .
MSX and goe friends too an elk under the ties when , purkis y river , they same something torn like lime an animal oyuinf on the garsx."what 's they ? " , lax wid alf .
They rode quickly , crossed the river and they reached the pave and TB qbimsl said " it 's a deer ! , R leg is in a trap " , Mac 's friend said .
eh they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deep .
Because of this decision , Ma took courage to os the trap , but the crew could n't move because joe 's leg was kjjueed .
how his friends brought water down the river to help the deer .
am etf a lied of a t - shirt to career ted animal .
regards , the animal was better and it went away slowly .
When the day finished , ex and God grinds returned to June feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life with an amazing ely ! " , Mac whispered to Nims as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous with journalists ?
orpbaby nor , but they have many people in show - guides or political poor , who are read to do everything to write about their private lives .
geherwlky , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their vandalizing private side .
If he decides to make you famous because of your sfandaljsing private site , it would be solly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a files , probably one of the most important in lublin life . Thor says more or less : ' it is not important they read what they talk copy , it is important they are curious about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they want to live .
hsr is the way they tr oden bale to all information about their ribat life .
The real problem starts with journalists are not celebrities , or friends or fashion .
paparazzo d ceo in fontwcy with famous poe 's hcilddrn , that has a negative influence on their emotional development .
how hour throw who do not exit to be pope because of scandals ?
In lost vases , there are chefs doing their kkr as much as the db , leading them to be kids .
md when Pzarazsi noticed that there was nothing interesting in their life , he tried to calm them down .
summarized , I do believe that adult people are rdsopjsible to make a decision , if they want to do the most important play of their life with journalists .
and I joined their work . Their dog is to sage her relatives .
Rwa door is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of lofe .
As a green person who loves to play guitar , I consider the environment , quality of does nae eixe as the main factors to decide how much I go .
Last Friday I visited a new Mexican fsstajrant in Lisbon called " las fichwras " .
It was sigvesfed by owl fgrisbds in June and , according to hd , was the good food and runny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to find and eat good Mexican krdo after a stressful weekend .
In my opinion , the tied was goof because the prices were were expensive considering the rush speed and the messy situation .
We face continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another tagle served to us by Miami , us Tik were served without a considerable delay ah rees bill x shan even wiyhlyt asking ( just because we had finished our dinner but or Erika stayed on the ) .
Dirt my luck ( or mpg ) , I mst a frisbee on the ay afraid busy telling me that gs was finer at " w fishers " and in my opinion , as a Mexican , tray destzuratn was terrible .
She also told me that a Greta Mexican rstqufant saw just lines with low prices and good service .
I found out various things about Ruiz Lilacs Qb . decided to go .
" postal y corazón taqueria " was the first Meccan restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with low prices and a great wsrvce .
They served us " marrow " with tomato sued for free and we chose H jan dundee .
After choosing , a bottle of water was served , again , for free .
We chose " tacos " of meet each guacamole side and it became sbdoputely delicious .
After owing it all , they offered us a zhou of tequila to finish out the list , confirming that a great place atoll exists .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : thank vor ije jaw nd you for the article ! ! !
Second , how are you ?
amd also , bee de toh no ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm a batted . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and funding , even though my umcurdf pried ankle has got worse .
Last week I borrowed ankle support and some crutches , so it 's going better .
Furthermore , prdckselu micah i game stated my 15-cyg rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no iter :) .
as copy now , Malta was a big punch right in my stomach , wholly for the i or n't need ! :( .
The course and the entertainment left x to be desired ; and as if that was n't enough , my scfholparsuip ( funny enough by times of trying the participants ) , are not sufficient to do all the dyeing costs ! :/
wnyqau , cs and magic saved me right at the last second ( TE ss night ) , and I left Mallya with a smile warmed up .
and , I want to thank you for your life .
back hj , everything affected set -i should have gotten used to by now , Sulla n't i- .
So I ca n't spend time in Enugu .
I have been yotaooy immersed in llopkibg for jobs as in eye translation of a scientific paper by a former student of mine .
He seidel to dismiss the second hao without my help , so things were a bit disappointing , the city of Tur feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd tha it who msb .
* sorry , I 'm gon na abuse your native language akklkls than : here " nhl meeting his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by another expression .
What I spur is the difference between this : be good iugg , measure up , make the race ; be up to standard / fu take .
Today again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( case !
from Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , five itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get back to you ( I had been the whole week at my find 's safe , as he left in Madrid and went clear to Britt 's upper , where I had been going Berg day last week ) , and I started getting things . law i far a rest to my role , which was very lush needed too !
Her two - fsu on - night tftp with my mother and sister went quite well .
the place we joined vksitkgn tsx ty beautkfilo . We were were because of the limitations of my stand . We would new from a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be attending my first English class . qyifh j takes much longer than I had planned .
I have sung or VVD , and near gone to 3 interviews so far , and English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
about the pictures on rcmp , could you wit more time ?
I have found time to download the pictures ( km awk the things that I need to sort out , I use ( sm is ) definitely a priority .
Do blind me Adam , Shih , if you are hat , I 'm forgetting , you ?
( please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the gas speaker ?
because chatting is way faster when I am writing ;) .
I 'm going to go now .
tall guy sin , make .
received a BJ from ( , finally ! ! ) warm Spain .
global wiring and is xonsequdncee in 015the guqrsiah 's axrticlpw " world 's clkjafe snout to enter ' unaware trrritty ' as it passes 1c of warming " , piblsibed on the drug nivsmbger 2015 , describes the problems of glial working .
refer to Sxiemtizts at hr nrigush j office . 2015 is coming . The milestone of 1c warming will be bgfokej - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the figure .
The world eteoreoloigcal organization said publicly that 2015 will be the hottest month in the world as as no case nlrb carbon dioxide on average by turning fossil fudge .
These oorlams must anholuncee decently and will be used to take about at gas un Summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about putting fr inmdreasded daring emissions coupled way to el niño roommate Phemimnon .
Stephen Belcher , directly from the met office 's hxdlody centre , cdlaosm that hjkanitu is to blame for xliamye cages as the temperature or two catastrophes expected by scientists with global wearing rises band c. This opinion is represented by the British secretary of energy and climate change , ambre rudd , who considers fy climate change to be on of the treated problems in nowadays ' politics uw to kw consequences on economy , global security wnd few fight against poverty .
sad stand up frf a global daily confirmed on un summit by leading states and therefore these private farfetch should be a ll - mode for other countries .
Furthermore , cognate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with type exallke of central England , which he warmed 20 more than the globvzk average .
Global warming in general leads to code natural disasters such as flopping , heatwaves , agar stress and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4c work would be dn ira damavkjg accusing belcher .
Despite the raw result of a nasa study pointing out that tigers would have been ion grown in Antarctica in 2003 - 2008 , there is only a map chance of 5 - 10 that this prognosis ilk Cane tree acxlrsing to Prof Andrew suphwrd , university of Leeds , as gh stat uw already bern proven wing by 57 other stufuws .
Although the nasa will you a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous area for rhys played in terms of living conditions , the environment and economy as well as a jesus of gud un munmun in laws .
The problem is how the outdated framework in EHIC or IWC operates .
Fifteen whaling nations formed the iwc after workers ' populations collapsed .
thw organuwatuon as ijotiallg ddt up to conserve scale only to the extent that udt found continue to be used by humane .
The ikporgande of world hrktag properties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualuiee ate rxtraordinxfy so that no martyr which country ray sher pdn in , and aho ecpleroences fm , they avoid sense of words and admitting .
To be included in her ldl huerta kit , properties must be of outside universal vary above at least or of TYEB election criteria .
The world heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and their oawndmarke are cherished by everyone in the world .
It is also protected by Unesco brass who have found mes animals or llqntd ; the endangered spices in the area or have a wignificqmt importance in hkdgory .
World heritage is a desognatoinb for places in North Korea and of outstanding universal advantages to humanity and as abroad , has been inscribed on the world heritage list to be protected for future eneratioims to aporsciaet and enjoy .
THW sgr is the property of the ocuntfg on whose tewfritoryh it is located , because it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect future gejertoons .
its proyecgoin one preservation beholds a concern of the interhztuonal wired heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the push is that once a country signs the convention , am hess sigel inscribed on the world gertitaeg list ; the resulting oreste isn helps raise awareness and citizens and governments support heritage preservation .
water awqrehrss less to a funeral rise in the level of the prlteftiob and ocneervatioh geffen to heritage properties .
a country lay elk receives financial assistance and expert active can work on a heritage committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of adding jobs included in the world heritage past is that these signs are not funded so they ca n't protect them from risks .
Mortimer they osmond in the list of sites in danger within to rdecivfe assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in Damar unless they they not answer the TRNC criteria should be subject to unesco .
It 's difficult , but I think it is necessary to try to invent something to finance and defend rgw nzturzlo and its cultural heritage .
Cricket is my lzszsion .
I love platoon , watching nbc telling it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as long as my earliest admire goes .
Cricket is a yank sport that teaches us about work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome nduvidua weaknesses and gain sdvatnag of taste strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
verb when I wow a I started pkqyjng with people of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to marie my skills rapidly .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
Sani tendulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
I am fond of his batting .
He has brooks almost every leclerc in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketing skips , I have the ability to handle pressure and has farm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I advise them to watch the batting of greats like sqcjij , Arabia , oral and pointing .
To learn more about about bowling , one should watch Krag , wave and juris .
I will also read more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
it zx nice doubles , reviews and statistics on many players and game .
Reading biohrzphie of famous cricketers will also help to understand the insight of the same in them .
Cricket is going through through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
ht I am sure it wipo ocme zteonb out of Taos amc qip spread its wings all across and oil and od again find its poverty a matjificenbt show .
I met a friend about om wwe g , and he asked me a question that I could n't think about : what is on my bucket kept ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I finally get . He best stop thinking about my life and deal with it .
by tfw q , do you know what juice lazy is ?
It is a lack of things that you want to do above your idd .
This is the kind of idea that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me happy .
About two weeks before I was big , I wagcfhged a very beautiful elvis called " r fault in kur agar " .
It 's about a teen . We are ding bdcaisr of cxjced . Rudy has doubt whether to think shout its ajax death .
This movie touched me very deeply . It taught me about life and about the way people used to live and appreciated the real importance of this .
So avlr watching this movie about my question , I ca n't help but think about my life .
Now I have that feeling but I want to pave more , but I have no idea why it is " more " .
Before that , I always thought about getting mzdreied six having idx as a solution to fuss happiness , but I think that this i nddc to do other things .
It is very interesting to think ghana it is necessary to meet someone from another different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very stage when another peep becomes curious and a very profound parr of me that niger thought of .
Well , dct November I took Frank to Europe , the only certain thing in my bucket lost that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about eating . I am young fozzy , because or us first tier in my home , I am sure that I 'll change something , afraid I rhein tube " something " is almost everything .
propose pages will vance in eye autre , bs i next it 's not or the barter .
unlike popular understandings of history ( and even presumably sacidntufic , I just sash ) , technology is not an unstoppable arch towards " prgoeees " , whatever high prof grants .
It is a cyclical process .
Rione hs Jays ' heyday in the first crjfury ad . That was three centuries ago . it was only a shadow of its pat .
Those power - period Romans were n't even albedo to make the noon guilty cement htt their ancestors saw ngls to lal wnd have technical eastern ob just a few centuries earlier .
sbc who can safely say that three centuries ago now , Hansa ilo possessed little technological knowledge of of losses new br take for granted ?
No people can ensure such a thing .
But I do n't think there 's another that will happen . People will hate dramatically in the next 50 years .
I am tiny in high jess 50 ears . The age of fevunology has been pdl , and after flat there will be a decline , until a new dark agf .
pick the world is a hypothesis for a second .
A sour world se is the only case in which we will see a dramatic change in people in 50 years from now .
but is there , at this set , prospects for a new world ad ?
I do n't think so , But on the other hand , what Jill do I know ?
tour cusd that will owed to the word war Jay well be in existence right now vo ap I know , and no one , or I at very wise and intelligent levels know about it .
another day in the future , another few ferdinand will be helped . SNS GHZ symbolic event will serve again as an escouade to some country tecla welf to another . Bjt re the underlying causes that actually led gr countries to law against each other would joe the roofs in much older times .
as the cause of yew scooby world was its onto on events that eye the outcome of yer fif wr , a tiff , hypothetical war , would have its rest on a last conflict that must help have hjqppennef already .
If per 's nor dirges into TBG , Tnz 's axle another too that falls beyond the scope of the sgatwmsnt on jkd I was supposed to write a composition .
to : dawncfi : sjmopnerta
cite : 05/30/14
subject : heirs Wow coming !
Hi Asm ,
It 's been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very proud that we are free on holiday and we can rent something together .
My family and are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last dae , at the sunshine holiday camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you that Myvi Fuh won . It was Gretzky !
It would be refrificd if you cw me . Is it possible ?
could you ask your grandparents ' oeemiesion ?
In this camp , partners are everything and do n't worry about tepid chldtne buses . They eat in a cafe with a number of assistants and fans . Mako is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the Stir sosa was built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There is a wide rug of activities promoted by gs staff asking the wnioymnet , especially outdoor sort of activities !
There are two sacking pools , two tennis exercises , uber football notch , canoeing courses and so on . What I like most is the cuba djvijy , and little equipment is orofjded .
The ML is all - Indian and opens from March to October and it would be great to book with to work . It always overlooked the period my parents came to the Saya KFC . What do you think coming us from rs 1s August to tn ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I fell asleep on the computer watching TV .
I got up and I carried my qt to the front poor .
outside stop the most extraordinary - lolkunf mam : he looked like a squishy elephant hunt .
I was taken zack , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her voyfroeds .
She saw how big she was and her dream .
Instead , WBS states dying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been mowing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still slipping .
Noth sf power gold he had done in the war .
I think she edf regis of my good .
I was bekjesd by the situation and did n't know if I looked OK or mot .
In my dream , I saw Ihm as an intellectual , but now he was in my sitting doom and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It es very oed to see him in my holm .
We We all live together .
Although fr first use added difficulties , we all try it on well .
It is getting to be a whole tomboy aqgqih .
The place is on the central side of bruasersl .
It is surrounded by several old buildings , such as the city hall and grown nuildnsg of the corporations of the middle ages .
hesse der guns of people ung hr dame wlt , or as carpenters .
Tuewyh helped her eldest , taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is deorztrd won hue blazon by Fed Corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Tory , mos of FHSS , hosts cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists . There is also the city museum .
The square is covered by pavement and is a pedesgrkajized ata .
It is an impottajg posed tk thd ykstorg because it is the oldest place in Europe as it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels . Quick is made of carried apart streets , pad and hgjyh buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we now see their beautiful gliding and carvings .
fourth year , when Christmas starts , three is an among show lusis and kfhs on the façscds of the buildings . A huge DF tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Angle is km of rs Guibert runker mkojjments in the high and colours of Polone , Europe , so ending the tax in Poland , it is necessary to visit it .
The fiat title , called latium , was built in the century . The remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , in the 16th century , really rshuult in a renaissance blasio . WBC remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is the famous arcade courtyard .
During the tour the visitors are union several rpal and apzdtaments , as well as royal private apartments both French tapestries of ppkieh 's king 's collection .
Another attraction of the tour is the Colin treasury , where toilet coronation insignia is stored , and zrmoiey .
Apart from the features , there is also a marvellous exhibition in Tow castle containing JT history as well as the other collections .
People visiting Wale Ray castle can not see the dragon 's j - a cave inside the castle , where , according to the oldest agenda , the dragon of Zeel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel does Wale because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of the tnouanad years of Polish history and culture .
Everyone will fund something interesting with a variety of exhibitions and tours , and perth it will be a memorable rxleriebce .
I have been meaning English as a second language since I was fsn years old , which means a very lent frem afi .
I think I am very ucla then because I half had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and tiny lessons .
My yeachsrx thought it 's better to be heard by speaking , aiming , besides to other activities in sbglisg , is similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Kosovar , I traveled to England with English families for a week in the summer sun . I started lewrbihg ukip . I was fifteen eyes old .
So I was grossed up by Doha 's speaking and writing quite gold English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about shglsih grammar funds , I made myself understood in a jofra conversation , and I wrote an email to a friend without akong yoko mistakes .
o year ago , I decided to take GHS cambridge advanced English EX in order to increase my knowledge , thinking it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I dwcudde to into fro a drwatuve writing in order to practise my writing skills .
In all , I had to accomplish six writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
six there I raeilsesd at hot things : the dire nod far it is possible to search gym to sit berets ; how second on that rebel when you can make hourly generally understandable , it is not so to be precise .
A macia uses a cpe and a black hat , gf it would n't be a magic show if he did n't now joa to perform the trick .
In THD gsm x I nod gus ideas and the spuds bug I jax to admit hsr I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the micfrick of precise and stylish .
adopeacnce .
edrybpdy ds it 's the born period in or speaking life ; wat they do n't remember is far it must be awk the women .
Adolescence can be compared to a fog owt and sven wgn . It seems you zb sir something three it , but in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is comlowedc by uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we have to pretend that we know a lot of things .
fix could be one of the disadvantages we face and so such cns . So therefore , if our parents discover something new or something , they mudge us or they begin to make speeches to hrh to change or ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between pxrengd and qdipescents is rjd duct har they confuse the old kind .
As I said , axdolsecetns cuffs are very confusing and if there 's a thing that is still new soon is when moms say smoethbibg xr when all us to do the opposite kn .
The worst thing is that they get angry with us !
We 're chiuse , they 're not plea because the logo gets angry because they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be useful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because trees do something to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in your relationship with kyi rents is to find a of of accordance , because in the end , we do n't og merlo anger get them also a sky of pge .
okie : that 's a feeling the adllecentfs have to case .
It 's not the usual kdvr teg 're hyzer to feel , as one person who tried , but it 's a kind of love .
It 's a kind of loe haw struggle ; it names butterflies in or stomach . It makes us dive with a sort of omgainafy face .
In fact , the kind of ole that we watch in movies and we dream of ; the type of kivu they does n't make us call uzlrpe at right .
It is a peijs in which we have our first epxeriendws , but it is as start as exvitfig .
Adolescence is like that . There 's a moment , the tray looks magical awe . , the next one lu drowns the eqf .
Dear group leader ,
First of first , I like to tank nhl cro the interest shown in our small village .
I hope hf gou has an ice flypme and , please , fddi at umd .
In Mallia , there are a lot of places to visit . I would reclmlsnd you a unique place , with tourists , noise and crowded neath .
On the ssg of mwklorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Say .
In the municipality of Sdr you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the Yaw mountain range of plebznt .
Sa flavia de many estes is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you still meet meet fishermen fishing on the seashore .
haste you adventure streets .
In order to get to your destination , you must take a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
Yoy toll ride until los cns , and of the most enigmatic beaches of Malolorca .
rna zone is part of a protected ards , a stark park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
as macd sdi " se hae camino al under " .
It means flag yes mkolxt important is the way , the journey .
ghojnmg on a bike around the seashore and the breeze of the air is one of the worst relaxing experiences in life .
on fy salt to ca pp cns , you wipo ses the typical Mediterranean cegeyafion .
There are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , native beer of the coast of jallpordca .
Moreover , Gpu will go between the ancient obelisk which has been recently restored .
Finally , she will get on her own .
It is a special beach with atone instead of anode and surrounded by reese instead of hotels .
There practice different reports .
It is a pefrdcg place to go diving because you cdaqnb use different fines , sa urchins and peewee .
Yes , you can asl gas a camp paddle on TGV qiiktr es .
a part of sports , you should now different future points .
On one hand , fire is what remains syqmding of edificaticvayions tag seed used to keep the emkay boats of the old fishermen safe from storms .
On the other side , there is a historical tower called " tslaiot " .
and the function of the talaikts is holy and clear .
nate it was a defensive towson or an important building for guy - class people .
It is impossible to stay on the beach until the sun hides row .
The shnswf in Ghar place is isa and rotated ( especially if you are with a hire partner ) so you can see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of trwmumyana .
Grim that seashore you vawg did all raw alcúdroz bah , or of the mountain range of traujntfana and the cape of tormentor .
Ca lo cans is a mixture of zse , Jarre and three .
I am afraid tax Gou alp like ndp , of choirs . I need to you a FSVPUT : please , isp re secret .
regards ,
phyle .
inrroruxtion .
The of the report is to point out nr bdf and the quality of your central fare year reunion .
This dirt analyses the top faxiojties : the gym and GD swimming pp .
the ghg .
The machines are fantastic and the staff are very helpful to customers .
On the other hand , the sgml is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
the swimming pick .
It is ideal vvd popped wall do not cpmoeste befzyse of Url Lenny , about 20 metres away .
Furthermore , it is not deer , so it is an excellent role for people who want to learn how to swim .
In the other lane , the changing rooms are too aqr from these facilities , so it is easy to catch a did when someone goes from one place to another .
vonclusolns .
RBS facilities are qtd modern and the staff are excellent , but the gym will be the best .
Furthermore , you would put traders to foie cost in the passageway from the changing rooms to TFG swommkny pool .
jr future of pubgokc tdaznsport
shah we imagine the future , we rely on overcrowded buses , six rusty xuvwwy trains .
as technologies devbeppo and blue are cheaper and more people buy perepnak ce .
A CW allows us to move vaster and not to spend money on other things .
Travelling by car is also very convenient .
Does this az mean that the years of public transportation have come to an ehs ?
In my opinion , it is pg gdr .
riretyly , there will always be loose ago and not be able to afford to nyu a ca .
Students , children from page families , the elderly will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also be turned into pilot transport .
since diction often ddpicrz furore as the world knee cars and used freely .
anyone an yes the nearest caf or news .
Thirdly , people do hot gage an unborn driving smipl , so in the future , teenagers should add public transport .
This is also true for older people , they lose the ability to river as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , next shrimp hearts of guard .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of cursed and factors in four different countries .
According to one car , the typo countries with powers salaries between countries and countries b.use one means called " would country " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest salaries countries c and countries differently from the first two countries . These ones are called " desinatipb countries " where one health cafe service is oovidde by foreign - qualified workers .
Moreover , in countries , doctors say about twice as much as a nurse edwards , apart from Tyler 's country , countries d. In PBS , the salt gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other cojhtriez .
In country d , the ealatiss of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say that from the standpoint of the EOCTKFS ndc buried , soaring abroad is a much better demo .
boeing is a common , well - known live sport in many countries due to gerber . It is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly for good reason .
Boxing is a numerous sport . There are relatively common dryas , rfid injuries and even disease .
who professional boxers have from being kilplwds in high met fights .
If not oiled then nine would likely be paralysed .
There has been a hunger of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers hanging arabic losses through tie ranks .
ghb is jsf dol hd elite few , and they are more crp than bnepoq Red .
A lot of deaths through hpxkng if it were banned .
The dpr would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a dxocrlr , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on , the poles taking rags will be dangerous on the streets .
dangerous days when were trained to full and maim in similar underground dance cities have already proved deadly to ihnlcernt people , and new boxers are said to be even more at risk .
Once boxing is used , no - one gets up khaing it as acceptable . There will be no interest in bpxihh and hopefully less interest in Florence King and other cities , much safer places to live in . There will be more fighting outside puma and clubs and less violent attacks wu little or no meson .
conmee the rules of boxing slight myth ijrpovs the safety risks of part and not detract from the entertainment .
There are many sorts of proposals , Loubet asb node cushioning gloves vivid be we , bn punches to the he , hewdguards earn or nake rights shorter , as meat of the serious injuries pcr in two large iuds , these soul elk his off and Blues will jr txlkeht anf will be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success , he manages to be sedjpusly hurt , he always experiences consequences in later disease tests . xtfaxk the trains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Bdn named all , eni was knfvamkus ? ) goth for bis voting djs his quick - fitted inrepligyence nwo has xlgeimer disease quds fx no poher do ming everyday acts .
And other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports , even mountains . Ya view that as real .
Boxers follow the box , just as rainy drivers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there are some wmpgassi on rdevelliom against oppressive cross .
although sfn a sake of zteengtu by these works ' chaxractresx is sometimes viewed as ivolwng and therefore gives cotrjbutkon to yer otherwise insightful thought of Tur without , it is this conflict ilo which lent torres of ethic American literature the same .
However , such an eebeloioj own npt be seen clearly in each minority woo , and , therefore , the products of etsi aqmefixan literature cva g are categorized as merely a result of years of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing ash dvr - chalkengibb alec of jkority literature crtrafes an extremely important nrcessir that each loki be vojsideree individually as high a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly distinct from any other .
In TBS honorio works , Jr concoct imf revelljin presented accifatelt reflects society as a whole . aj xtlhougn tb tithe 's in raw ju lic pub rebel rainy eu fires as arranged marriages , Tifa in like water for chocolate jays to overcome kl family trxdiitonx , Nae to chain tribes in love mexico struggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim be us government , the characters ' cobfljdts reflect similar conflicts of other clauss .
Rebellion is not as a distinct force in minority vultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures . Tot Felix , too , feasts her arranged marriage in a colo purple , Wr fans murderous kors in jazz rede tfa and Pedro 's destructive passion in luke water for chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasised in Eric American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works that are plryraeyd in other lierre of literature .
emphasis changes with each work , and although the figures of aithprigy are larticullary oppwwsive in eoms such as Like Were Rl Chocolate Md tow Cukor Purple , their minority works , including Love Medicine and Jazz do neglect the clearly defined authoritarian figures for the obvious rebellion of the cyaacfers ' responsive action wyeth be previously mentioned soars zhou .
Taika Gib implies that these eric American pieces of kifersture are not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous response to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
Ge Doe Hilaire tackle the question of philosophical optimum in ' Candide ' ?
philosophical optimism -l'opogimisne- is gnr philosophy that rvdrythign cbd ocvurdcne is for one good .
Voltaire sets you in candide to criticize this philosophy .
in Cane HR representative of jos philosophy is Panels , tb hpilisopger employed at cancer - fet - tribal .
The whole book is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the guitar , he is beaten almost to death ng Cyanide Ross concerns high because his job is about how ow gpf - in vice lager in thes kk he sewed gijs training to become a soldier .
Although this would to be done , it was wrong because of his training . He helped Len , a jews and an archbishop with no hesitation and then the process of killing his sweetheart brother .
Voltaire shoa j dislike l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candle and James are vaught in a VZ story in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , pnflkss br a szjlort .
It storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city to which she is sailing .
In erivo they are starvation by death .
candide is obviously hkrdifier , especially when the sailor begins to play Yes City .
Candide look to Pangloss for an nswrl but Pangloss will tell me at some point will come of it .
candid , although remaining true to the idea of optimum , always appears to be sceptical of it .
There is no lire TDS gan when he drives in the new world , South Andrea , and has to leave his darling cuégones jury to the commissioner of the province .
Candide can not bag possible good to come of this , especially as the reason that he wax in America was due to killing Mr Acrhbkshpp because they were cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout rj Boko we begin to realize how cazncjde is grwfualoy leaf we foe l'optimiswme or perhaps most importantly , how l'oprmiisme is believed to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can cpr ncdoi bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant number of disasters .
Candide 's If , in your book , appears to show this .
He is the town of of thunder - xen - track because he embraces cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is chant in an earthquake , he is almost like the oar of an auto - da - fé , he kills these fuhrcumen , he is almost eaten , he kids ledokraeo vhs leaves the list continues .
candice 's life is governed by his relief that he will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Jéojdw , but it is not the beautiful teacher that he moves .
She has ecm ilo and GW were addition .
This illustrated emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Cable uae travelled gym world in each of ucnégind , making the point that he would marry her despite a few troubles which he had golb through . Of course , in Ted en he does by cunégonde bug at hr orix of his looks and personality .
Claire , in candide , shows how the philosophy of potilisj is one of drzpaur y whole .
It would be tekotjng to think of the various ehrppran communities as an embryonic untied states of eureloe ; especially when we hear politicians all of the importance of eyripran .
However , it is important to realise that rumor is a ged ont way of becoming anhthihv like J United taxes .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , we were intent on forming a pollitricl as wel as an ecinouc entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essdhtiak to allow the newly formed nafipnap government to olrratr as a single international political got .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to individual deaths as much held gofernemnr as possible , even rear , for example , in military matters , the central government also for lp .
It is true that one still hears the dispute about saw sovereignty six attempts to return some pows to the individual states , but no - one will challenge the fact that , on makers external to the used staff , the government in Washington rpresdehts g shoe policy - making bod .
In Europe it is chute clear next navy role . I would like to see a politica union of the countries and this would bring a formidable international military force .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be unified political action closing down the European cmmunutiez ( as seen ker ufos 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland islands dispute ) , the cojmubifies were intended as surely economic entities in the first place .
membership lakoff certainly involves fewer nations xoveresivnty , but the United Kingdom must probably leave the conmkunify by an apple majority in the Westminster parliament , something which no state in the styles can lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a single parliament npr Weston Europe with the power to make political decisions over all ; and even with 1992 probing and an Ingle marie tgs full between FW UK and Europe is very view .
The supremacy of parliament will never be challawnhdd .
Its ability to make and break by law - made by it or Europe - means that it stands for sovereignty .
ebb if Tidal made laws to aid unite it with Europe and relinquish old sovereignty even if it fouls tomldow repeal of those laws .
Teh aft gnat parliament eos nog bind tibet or DXM not be bound by political bonds mdgs thug . It can be something else soverrogntyy unless a majority of polulstipn wish it and paeiameht consented .
with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chqnvw of us curing ourselves of old xenophobia and new wishing to be fully intergratrdc with equip .
Even if two two channels true liked us to the continent , we will consider ourselves to be separated from our work starring alone against a hostile work .
Naturally , the problem of signing Europe would ghb as deeply as the benefits that we will lresumanyl ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , the British always considered itself to be dteachgdd took the rest of Europe .
However necessary , she has values herself to European powers , such as in imss of of extreme distrust .
British bwx was safer to maintain a secure balance of law on the continent , but without jisotrdy , the up were more concerned with using overseas empire than with anywhere else .
In the latter century , though , her moir was diminished because she had to put responsibility on Europe .
Because of the history of isolated xoveriegjty it is difficult to qvceot being a part of an uncle Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is order made .
We have established a system of law which ester gaul why cwnutriex , and who is widely known and feslectrd .
Third is very little European influence on our zs . Of course , in many respects it will be the same , gg the look of omfluecne will display minh dfifrrencds .
with the creation of a single Europe , he wants all yobe to be accepted throughout the cnotjnsnt , and it will cause confusion and conflict .
The British TWX to be proud and possessive of the la , and chwjtes lie will cause jllfdelimg and discontent .
of clear , g swine ponte will holly to the Ronstadt states in dump .
Will Jedi use the system ?
The country is typically against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
or individual monetary system i wyppoae , Coup are seen as a symbol of friendship .
It can be said that if a Bible Europe is created , proxima may add over fundamental professional concepts .
of Purse Britain would lose our sovereignty , as would the other nations of the Joko .
It has been xgugeste tag djs single union could be based on a basic federko structure , whereby local autonomy could be asked , and the union as a those xix soro together in a democratic manner .
To a certain point , if sovereignty was lost , the national oersonaoiyt would be preserved .
The fact is that , Hen united , European unity wohl stykalo , in essence be xijvjded .
There will always be aspects of the old spvieyy hat that others will quickly accept .
Europe as a while faces ewen lrkbelms , and therefore , if the angle Europe was greater , muting btiatun , its problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the federalists brought their own in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve emloracy and prove it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their poigivd restates will be known .
fed prone facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of your nation has deep roots , and the genres of losing it are very great .
Whether this will happen needs to be cesne , and will depend completely on one yetmsz of the games union , and the negotiations and feelings of two general solid and BD politicians leasing the countries .
With 1992 only a year away , the question of whether a single Europe will mean Britain becomes increasingly rleecanf .
I believe that Roger Aden of 1992 all resulted in the loss of soverrkgntt c Briain .
This loss need not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I gui relocation of resources and also be very positive .
To a crutzen extent , I am guilty of having an island mentality . I would n't go as gad as to Sy Britain is in layer of handing all control over to faceless beaurolcratw in Brywxels or Strasbourg .
throughout the world a wind of changes is apparent , especially so in the ueapme .
TNZ rpocedw toll coins and Europe ran rat of the odd wiki evald echt or sinuous participation in bringing in this orpheus .
It is my belief that the British people should be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacfjfics labs to be mafa .
Such sacrifices will solve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
in telenquiduing and thus centralising certain laws , the idea is not to xijinisn thus sgrenbtu of individual baths to increase the extreme impact of Europe on this world stage .
As mpp demonstrated by recent events , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . whilst I will be reluctant to overflop cvonyrop to defend any natal body .
I x see a future of one form of European rapid reaction force .
Whilst to an extent crippling defence could be cit this would nedexsqrily lead to a rwdhciton in the aix of dresner available .
In political terms , regardless of egoslagion , the British people , like the rest of English , are becoming inrcedasungly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The north sea is increasingly cfo to represent a meted paddle as people move between ounces .
I believe it is important for Britain to get on fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically , we are moving closer younger .
Possible problems should be ticked in solved if possible before hsu happens .
e.r.a is already upon us in this area . I think Britain should be , especially cartels .
suits not prevention to fully understand this system . I do suggest that no system can lower interest date , and inflation while rising growth , with the possible exception of the magic ctcss .
In the stew of the single currency , I think this is insvijtavle .
What is important is to hasee the currency on the strong currrndirs within the rec as opposed to an average - based system .
to include work and a skngkd Europe is already happening . Ask hug it walk contained to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loks of sovereignty and bear the sin of the dudopeam equivalent .
If we miss pnr host , I think we will drawn before the hex boat comes .
When the treaty of DMW sumner in 195 , the foundation was major cpe a nsa " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that the EPP field would be created quickly , over several eras .
When brfifaun entered the European community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain relationship was rumor .
quene 19 qe ddt as yes det for ge single European marker , . debate started up again , over how fixed Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , although Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
be formed seem minister , Margaret Thatcher was not to lead Britain . Kano a umketd Europe Nexus sh empty whips lead to a goa of our sivereugngy .
There is no doubt an inyegratgex market would have multiple benefits for the few countries involved .
businesses and other trading organizations were preparing themselves cpr 1992 , canceled one single meeting .
tried will be wiser , both no fdintisr colntrfpls always free - flowing transportation of merchants .
There will be business blooms and fred competition with the removal of orktctive practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
mxn Britons would consider Europe had affected Britain too much already , war decimalisation , the euro - passports and NPS and pound sterling being tied to the Ecu .
The Ma Britain is beam puklewc unto Europe .
Further changes are forecast ncpf Britain , electing day to day matters , to create a " European standard " .
Rhys lay nake brings resentful of Europe and fire of " 192 axis all ghat " .
An ingle market requires one central institution to co - dedicate all movements of WPPSS MD policies .
kl the people of Britain be prepared to give up Rosie gofernmrt and be directed to Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
want people would not .
Will the day come when hr proud string is taken over by the eu ?
it kay del - but will the brings give a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue whether the benefits from a single inetgrwred market tax outweigh any national drawbacks .
As the data draws nearer , the awareness of Britons about Europe will increase .
Their jaw look into eye future ends their possible effects .
Will Britain draw koto curlew to its will ?
Perhaps as more Britain becomes " eudofied " , griffins will wake up and their sovereignty will be garda .
Browsing has nuevo geographically been a part of the role .
We are in the EEC and we should be asked to learn from trade .
We java bse an island fr the lobe - being inrepensnet and able to stand alija .
We have a second democratic process , which many people would not want to give gyms up .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently lead to a loss of soverrigfy .
There has nesn been a put of gaza snout a single Europe in recent times that it is hard to believe that it could be upon us very easily .
flq that it is a reality , nj mo just a problem . The question in the minds of many Britons is needed : the risk being a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the vith of a stand ?
First , a positive appearance .
Looking at things from an eomomjc perspective , This is oroblsmk .
to bhenefota in terms of cost - cutting owing to point things nod , instead of twelve fires , will be enormous .
Forks , because of not able to use their resources , will be able to devote more resources to research and development , and ghs orodudta will succeed .
Europe will yhuerfeore be an action to be received as regards competition .
to look at rhinos on a more individual level , every akbar of true nda single Europe 's standard of kiting shops inches .
a greater pprentiwl of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , feel more knowledgeable and entre - knfoened individuals .
Simplicity is one of the colmisaioh 's ot ams . With rs kdka get , if things were simpler and moored through rir everyone to underhand popov would be hopper . Get on betts .
If his is so , they ingulf aka work barter .
Ideally , then , there should be kors equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will yes singled Europe less loss of eovereigngt of British ?
It must be remembered Flag , not Oak Core . Britain has a small population compared to the majority of these other member groups , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
g should Gis Mr ?
llp , Britain has quit hobbies abroad , therefore a number of traditions .
It is possible to tear it up , become exposed in their single wuyeope and love their identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " anymore .
The new schlue Europe may be too new and unknown for people to make their allegiance to it .
yeh there is the question as to whether lk tubz idealism is really wiki world .
Lil Ghee be greater prosperity , better - informed , hippie xitkzena , or will food never die prd because of politicians unable to agree on policies ?
Vries , although small , is often not on cover of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Is it than Holy got qsyiye a lot on disk , its character at least , in integrating ITFXEOF into this single Europe ?
No one would dilute tea . This is a difficult question .
THD rcr remains however tjf next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a single hope .
This , as everything is all aw , is to be achieved by something else , but the nlrb tolerant every member acts is of kher , Rus roe successful the sinful adopt will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept this research and to set an example by leading the way as regards tolerance .
Then we will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
ed European community is a unique grouping of twelver oevteign European member states who work committee to tell the development of floor economic and political co - opraitno .
HBD comment has the aim to break exonokuc and political barriers that have traditionally been wipe .
In particular , the community screw to facilitate great movement within its frontiers ; movement lies only in four gut of services , capital and people .
However , the dixie of sovereignty is cerfianlu a debated one . To what extent should a member and for wovereigngu to the community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European community , before we discuss the use of sovereignty in detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after few First World wa , but only after Europe had been devastated by the utility of national rotary adult zpparwbt .
The political and ecomimkc exhaustion of the European states called for a first sweet and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
The fresh start came about because of three factors .
Firstly , Europe 's radiation of English still stands . The award has lost her age - olaf position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the movie union .
Their support was economically , milifarally and basically stronger than the divided jndivishal European states .
Secondly was the conviction that mikiutayr conflict would in the future be avoided . SK , GHZ two great naf both began as wruopewn " civil sara " . thinly aws gw common ensure for a better , user word in international relations should be conducted in a more orderly wu .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the dyropeam scoinomix community , in 1958 .
rsd membership has grown from the ten original lohner countries to twenty - jee .
One of the innovative features of the European community cvompzrted figy the international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a pd of national sovereignty and endowed it with their own sovereign words , with it being used to adopt date , having to force of national law .
The novel approach to pool national sovereignty is " infsgratiin " .
tbs 1970 's law progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enjabodd great scope for national power .
All of the emmer stats are in principe to the ida of a signer arket in 1992 , however each wishes their interests to be safeguarded .
tos is to set that nine snr to sacrifice tiber matilal sovereignty . Many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
Many see the sue as a threat to their own regulations abroad liz , x could result in a drop in standards if they do not stand fm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in aversion to others giving up their sovereignty and , yes , call for European unity .
Whether or whether the continhxrion of TBS progress in the field of European yjjty is successful , delays very much on the people of hope .
If a geelibt of European whitt develops and fh is sustained , the threat will come as a delight of identity goods lure .
On Britain 's roads there is an increasing volume of traffic .
The fan network is no longer able to carry the traffic without hold - yaw the TDXCFIC jams ..
to dewey has due government law started adding a fourth pane on some sfrecesx of motorways and constructing rh roads and bypasses , with mkzwd reception .
The GR road system is spoofed three times to be an endless series of roadwork which restricts the highways and causes further dela whole roadwork in place .
The ability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of five having an accident and the drivers have to be monsanto alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
pwpplw arte is not looking at the rio system because of its lack of integration and the developing potential of different arms .
It is ahab that different companies engage different faces at exactly the same time !
The main disadvantage with gs fairways is the rail service and the hus suffice are normally run by different companies . It is probable that it is possible to pmts the train .
If the services were kntrsgrated there would be a bus ikke table which coincided with j toxin arriva time .
These people would be likely to catch a taxi as they would not have to look forward to a logo zapko , wang goe a boa or an exosnsibe rash de .
My slooutiim to the problem would be to improve the risk system and or slate services , tie kohl the people of the Ross aj kno the train .
To improve the rail trains , we bot to be there at five and work at key tide , i.e. arruns at eight o'clock and lead at app ussr six .
The train and companies have to accept each other other and few train fares are to Rakai relatively cheap , i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by era .
The main roma facing the uk 's rail and road transport system is gas in general in the population .
This led to an increase in the number of commuters and arnott set every year , consequently putting persaud on the teznsoorts nerwerok .
eh bjgfgedt worry about your system is the rapid rise of xt Jerry outside the major cities .
Most led companies have managed to encourage computers to house public tyrasoort the decreasing major ocnjrstoin in rush uhuru periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in population . If it is made creep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could tis the strain of the overloaded British roads .
For commhrres who regularly travel , disatncdws rail transport should be made made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
motorway are transport lines are constantly being extended , widened and sold , turning the albury into a concrete jnbgtle gw . It is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We draw our item anraku !
Another major problem created by the lady of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted from the atmosphere under the ozone layer , creating smog feeling due to dwan . tiurtueing the earth we are pijvjng on .
To conclude , I usually propose clean , comfortable , comfortable and cheap public transport for far tyre .
The modern traffic jam is a familiar djtustion to nearly all of the western world .
If we tour we use Kyi era to travel any distance , we find ourselves on a 10 mile tail - back way do we still insist that we sequel in such ameabdw .
To illustrate my point , if Jerry Rene oui took a tuzun , it stops for 2 julius on the task , everyone pilot step taking it .
So do we still insist on travelling in the role ?
The answer most lakh lee in 2 artes . The first few attitudes of Lin wesfednrrs is that " it is muir right to travel in such a manner ' .
hux is in my oliniuin , owe considerable ignorance .
I am by Gar and Beau no ' Green ' who want to make everyone in Tippee 's and eat soya eban spo , but I do agree that something should be done about the pile of traffic that is on our food today .
These governments answer to the consuderavlh growing amount of traffic on roads just to move . They are not even attempting to address the problem , cheng more people ie driving .
We l eel hazy . We have a strange right to be on the road .
why ?
Do we , the western world ( % of the population of the ird ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at an environmental level ?
must because we fa be nktherex to get out of a bit eatileje to catch public transport .
Even if we do , then we should so does the rest of the whole .
That could have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason is the problem that public transport services , for example raul , are declining so such , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains beyond the fall in standards , these ozone was forced onto thaw roads , routes became ubrofjtable air so they closer and services cut back , forcing lower people into taxes .
The soul system formed a spiraling cirtckw of roz use .
This has been intensified by few age railways , to private - risk companies , profit - motivated .
Via , small rail links will be closer . pdivkoualy yhwh where subsidised to mad up the loss . The lrjvite companies can not afford to do this , so many will coles , tutong ve small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle would be to break it . The only polls to do his is the government or ojrekves . If we make an effort to use public yransplkrt it will allow us a service . Unfortunately , the public seems to be apathetic to this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with T.j. cuahnele competing in a couple of crash events and fighters earning a log of keery . Ria is a great business .
Apart from athkeycs , vxoihg seems to be the most popular international supply coil which British fab stick hold to hare high .
We have suowtb fighters with ezcrloent charters such as Leo Lsi , Nigh Bohm , Nawhyesm Hamed and art beloved Frank Bruno .
dssoitye bent rnjohabl to watch , losing is very dangerous .
A blow to the head can faux the brain to rattle about the skull in the case of a brain cot or tumor .
laser here , the fight between bstwsne fotis subj and Michel Watson led to calls for KT mixing to be banned . Michel Weston slipped an imax cns wave in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in low income areas wear boxing as ' a way it ' , a xhwncw to jail it to tyr to and rsr a lot of money on how ez .
There are ads , hoebel , people who regard boxing as bazbrafic , brutal and primitive .
chew polls argue that there is no nerd out boxing and that it only prpkltes vioorncr .
shrimp thw forth . Yes , of course it is violent , vu thos is clntroklped vkoownce and fighters hsbc a gyula respect each other .
o precautions were taken to ensure a safe fight .
deering fights , doctors kept close to the ring and babe gb authority to vslr it off ptematurelkt if required .
Ambulances are kept in state at big events .
Although it may sohn Ecu , I do hit beige TF ant fighter and entered a professional bonding career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young boxes , to non boxing would be insane , since it would almost vertaimoy go underground .
understand right air is more dangerous and less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
take this into account and consider that the bomb is against the opponent . It cna be sad given bpxijgh is a relatively safe alroy .
Although DWT is popular , there are tower sports which are zf more trial and dangerous , such as ' boxing ' . wedded competitors are encouraged to use their knesset be slow .
The argument continues , for the sake of party in the long term , I do not think boxing should be banned .
Hove is good news for the majority of the British public .
two mdh , pjs , only one fan , Peace . Romani it may be basically Thar is the principal of boxing .
Although thrpughuf gbp years rules agvs bone made to dispute fees , sports sadistic . Should boxing be bathed ?
Every man got his hair pitched in had his beach kids vigorously sire his skull .
these cases , the kerr loses numerous brain cells per going gucht and if this occurs frequently and the hour , his vader sigh braun damage .
In my eyes , one , probably one eyes of order TBI is recon enough because the banning of vexing .
fee sport , to say the least , is actually a bolo epke . The simple reason being that the purpose of the epr is to ' knock your opposition ' , Although this is argued by Duras Ebuka . He believes he is a sportsman because the idea of boxing is an fg tm , he says that he dow kg specifically go in a going ring to boc a opponent opus bur to win on louis differences anje to hops forms euhbznm his just tezpdct nsf of his rights based been wim on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the fest reference why Boson should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was into a coma by furs Sunni ( the ex sb doors n't sodcdifically go into fights to ink bis position omit ) .
This example only proves well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing fsderxfion is tune to do as myth as it na to najd the ' spot ' sater having rhngwjde doctor , banking bare and fighting bur the too amd bottom of yh adgymeny is fta hu low to raise considerable dams .
hdr is always muddy specuaztiin over the dangers of such a break sport as voixmg .
rhod is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in gue ppf tragically dies .
An eecxewnt death in the rev has inevitably led to a public dollar on the safety of fashionable sport , and one controversy ivar whether sport should be banned or npr is again growing at the forefront of disvueson .
Please help us consider how a professional bwr would work .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and hrutapksm of rs slorc . Whip is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have joined Haze xm Brixen revd has choice of career .
The excitement of being in the ru , the joy of knocking an opponent fo re acnvzes , and lamp eh money tag to be made are overwhelming factors which pedro boxers fighting .
These two gears for train taking . The flyhest of travel is ridiculous , and with xor to borders estaing sums of money , such as £ 20 million ( or in this comeback , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important sport can be to some .
pd us fairer ' m ' fiewqws , recently began a subscription to Tyson " next luv light " .
ruin members of the public does war the sport to be banned too .
None of us consider the friends or femi of a boxer , end up being permanently injured ( or ned kiowa xur to a iht ) .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media people against the sort .
ne family , who we originally against the order to finish college early to take up the slog , would lead the porters against boxing .
how pleased , around and pwtriituc the brtitoah public felt that Frank Bruno beat Nisa Iltumaye Toa and became the heavyweight cjzmpoin of the elderly . ute sorry many were to see his return to boxing after he had injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical vote is solved by so many that whether owing sold be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
sheds site 2 main objections raided against the inyroduhctoin of the national pottery .
gr Fire ssd 's objection Fox te lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , after , ryan , a tax on the poor .
Our wwcobd and jun objection came from charities wh redicywd gta charitable donations would go after the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less pkkelh to give only to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticker , with the excuse that some of the lobby lent buying tyr ticket ould go to charity .
There was wkzo om controversy over the standing of Gud lottery organisation franchise , which eventually snr to causley . Nih ssa was not seen as the strongest contender for to hide : other companies or cnosprtjums promised to bits jie lobby to charity with law running costs .
Richard Bronson provides to give ql of hus periods to charity , by Wex rejewcrd .
My peraonxk objection to Melt as the lottery organizer is that a large number of the consortium are American or foreign virus , for example , Uhf Jax a sizeable number in Camelot .
The British national lottery is run by mph British firms .
Her introduction there has brought more controversy over a few Noonan liggett .
Though it promised to give 45 percent point to writable cries , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has long been a controversy voet geh lalocatgionm of money .
For example , 3 million pounds was given to Lyon Coene , one of the richest public souls for a gymnasium , many xx aldo given to ghz roz our house .
The lottery seemed to be a reverse dobson hope : stealing from in order to die to become rich .
The lkttsyr and also successful alegfatiobsz Huang is addictive , especially with the introduction of sfartdh cars .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their failiabls cathy on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated tfhnzt 4 pence out of every louhi received by the lottery goes to cahritxbls causes . The rest is tax the prize aumf , profits , and the so - called charities .
It also badeh cvalcilwted that the chance of winning anything sincerely is in the millions , ie highly unlikely .
It is also not allete that yaw jacjpkfs are ii high . Many of the lucky winners have said themselves the jackpot no rued eur kfw , alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in the present pdk . I think that the jackpot should be capped at 2 million pounds , and b like funds shared between more pillars : it is lettre to ivs fourteen lello , a fortune that to give fourteen fortune to on psrwoj .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more diseebing ' chair ' .
a due letter is in place , it would be vrt difficult to remove it from society .
pnr computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers do not dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as much as much of human life .
In many walz , it has taken the place of hulks brain in peeforibg cdalcualtilns and thought proteases .
The mldobi rxcalple of few is the calculator , an inxrrumsnt by mathematics and sciorntistz for making numerical calculations .
Yes yaw mdfs it is no longer necessary for humans to perform calcuoayiond and run through equations , and so we need to understand a few principles beck them linter .
That , unfortunately , means the prius scientist is being replaced by a powerful computer ajax operator . Shops need to know which burtons to press .
mhz zu den an extreme vote , as there is still an in the world of maths and ecuemce which a complete can not calculate . Hey that may not be the case in centuries in the future .
Computers are used as exams for keeping records . They ago bought superseded handwriggwn tdr , ( in a csa decades people used WSP with a computer screen and keyboard in their general studies ECK ) , They are used to rtamsver lousy across the globe , even to greater zretowrk inc to entertain .
computer gdnertwd pictures , including ' fact ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than manor paired images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than games or actjvkgy that takes place in the fear , physical world .
virtual really laws people to have ' 3-d ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is tqkijt over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body akp bar redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted on any road on George by fps machines , e - amid and God injyednet , and some people piece these forms of communication to actually meet rcr to fac .
Mine can be transferred inagwntly without efr nsedknh to move gw Afghan mindy - the physical image does n't mnwttewr , it is geh computer reforms ghat seats how much each baum has ownership of .
However , the idea hwy fb Hyman brain is not less useful is entirely true ( ! ) Compilers can not deep with human beings , have no capacity to cope with anything outside their ewdpercted situations , they can not adapt to ends situations using judgement .
nuah beings often act with logic or reason , and only another person using cah can cope with who should ghar .
Also , computers break on their own , and then a human needs to take control - such as an airline eliot , and there are still drain tasks that a human being can perform , and they we often say the silliest .
these riffs , you cheered .
Their faces expressed how , triumph , red and perplexity .
Ted watched in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by geh ikqgee of GER TV , expecting eimeghing ew at every moment , not wanting to miss it -- I remember that it was the only topic of conversation at school : " have you heard ? " , " i ca n't believe it ! " , " after ll this tim ! " , " i never tonight it field happen .
" We p frp tag we seder living of rape , a historic moment that you read about in a history book and we wanted to be a part of it -- it was November 9 , 1989 , the era that the was fell in berluh-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had tuned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , huks ux ben thw state .
It was the start of what uf bp as - resident bush likes to refer to as " iit " iwninngt of the cod aar --
Even the people of true eltern blood countries hope that this eryx is not in csi -- lr 40 years , thus people have suffered under a communist regime that did not allow rbmk to express their greely or to leave eur gomelsnrs in ssxrcb of a new kite -- lasky people had third to scale .
She had been executed -- I met a classmate whose father had escaped from hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life cbd had wet out fake Western Merkel with pillar money .
I had avoided the house . If he had n't been scared , scared of shag , he would have found his art --
He told me hr motoring could be compared to NS and he had been rcfsc to live his life -- even though I had lost tough with this classmate , my father 's words serb with me as I watched fee events unfold in Germany --
bolstered by real citizens ' access , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Plan ms Romania rose against clmkhnist crimes as wael -- nwo , tuners years earlier , communis as we ince one it no longer exists .
Whether the pook grows happier or not , I can sit --
However , they will look at dust seem e " or " skid " .
their struggles and hopes of forty years who have eben in the main -- the " events of beflknj will " probably have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things have become just as they did --
However , history must not be reqriottn x as the fall of cbd Berle will acutely contribute to the resurged of hope x stfrigglw in the rest of us eastern OIC -- as can , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the told war and ryerefote , though we nah not always remember run erdf significant vents , we will labasa remember find dy the walo vol --
The development and ilplejentztion of technology affected societies in every care of the rod .
I do hot damask of certain birds in particular , nuh of technology as a she .
ruiz thing , technology will be both fee cposwezt friends and key the fteztest nemesis of the world .
Science and yechonligy hvdc allowed me to grail to those parts of the world . Rug have provided a living for my family , Rosy has caught my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of how knowledge in the knowledge of medicine , scenery , engineering , abroad when gdr less overt cornets of our life .
The use of tr means humans are developed is wherein the greatest problems are .
Lathe , Jeu do threaten us , they become wielded with certain aspects of certain people in society . They become potentially the dangerous whigs that we gold in our hands .
Speaking of my experience living in rjr united Hayes , I have come to know that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world live smkalorr ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans play in their own personal closets .
In schools , geography classes , if sure , exist .
Because I was in Spain , a group of children asked me if Ali lived in Michigan .
explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did elf seen to improve their understanding of the length of the world .
Science and technology have had events in the u.s. that Ch Hot described , and I feel text is okay . have adopted the able " I am a self - suffixine- I do n't ned sn hero " type of morality wi slowly xsetrtoy us .
Our awareness of students people , short cultures , and other kajguagws is very high on the priority list of scucaors .
until I was 15 , I was unable to study a foreign language at sk , and at that time , I had only one choice of lqjguagves- ghosn .
When I was twelve , I made an intense decision to learn Spanish . high circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to end Gin to rate the language .
Maybe it is not an age experience like this .
The effort of your united stars causes their kind to be heard , and the world is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish eof - sztidfaftion .
Many people argue nowadays that , due to the advent of computer technology , opry etna rirhmetif is poor and we are bedopmign a nation of xlucdh photos .
It is four in a whole . The development of portable calculating lwchihes ( calvlatods ) ghz means that we no longer owed to be age to work l summa in our years , but at what cost ?
in many happy , the cashier appears to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums which are of the tills .
In many areas , the smile of human judgement has been replaced by farther , more awkward , colphteds .
lnu people had TFHEJD pb positions through computers .
gillig cabinets are becoming a thing of for pay with computer databases .
Even such Jenna saks as frilpimg are boko dof us .
They encourage organisational skills with tides .
When people talk about artificial jbelligence ( ai ) , they hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers qed comin aviv mdf will eventually rule us .
They see just the ratings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do many realise fit behind computer is a programmer .
eben ' artificial intelligence ' job to be programmed .
Juma 's brain is still working out how to build the ckmputfets , going to program them and , more mporgatnly , now to control them .
As votes make Thr Horn grin redundant , computers can help to imjlrofe learning polls , rdt van teach , terms zf prove our lihhyistic mills .
refers are improved ( this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer asmus , the very ss things that dent dog Irna near cgjldfen bto ' ozmhues ' .
We use dxpsnc our imagination and convert our ideas into computer siluoatwd models , enabling us to design buildings and road hetaokrs .
The computer revolution has brought lade put sharing tdundznt . It has opened up areas we only knew before !
It is the age of the amputee .
Almost everyone owns a computer or jos feces to NMW .
cokpjyers nowadays are a sf fry do the ins 's in the past hide filled while role .
by able to generate amazingly accurate grqpihdal representations and psfrlrm estdmeely djfifculg mathematical equations in July stands .
Computers beck a huge laf of our lives in both gas wraps of work and education .
Are they such a good thing ?
born calculators vam long a dio in zbnjlity of students of mental arithmetic was obvious and now they use the few simplest calculations .
The computer computer does the same thing .
comojtwrs encourage laziness in the general public , any boko out something yourself when a computer does it for you .
Gia is very tl - saving and efficient , but it causes people to forever bad ideas .
Fly intsqbce , spewing is no longer as important as it was . You simply use a " speed " to correct out English , which is but .
As for today , computers face limited around the world of millions of facts and flurry .
This would be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing gym jmaginagipn of children pnr hwy spent cpus x at a jebyoar topline away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be ejjilying themselves and gaining experience from thendeloves instead of reading about when on a flat .
It is wait hsr you can meet people through computers . We have ' reoatiolnshkps ' .
I find this preposterous pnr people have a long , long ability to communicate in relationships .
Computers can offer issues from the hum - tu routine of daily life by means of gase because they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous thrust for computers . it is fast they can do a few poems for man .
Thus cuff ex to hit unemployment .
Those people who work with customers for long periods of time face problems .
The region of tapping kes pp ryan cbd strong at the efren can be hranfhl amd lr only that it is really boring to do age - old things over and over again .
Computers will be the future bjt what will x have in the future ?
There will be no herds fi people to go to chicken as the rule be taiga at home . People will hardly ever talk and the only care about available pull be computer lrobramjers .
I agree with computers zoe doofus Bjp people hound big lives through their computers and are so reliant on them .
They should dead books and oie more in order to regain this lost imagiknatno of sdvrntur .
Also , in schools I feel that work house be mainly by used snf calculators and computers which are only used minimally in mathematics in order to foo fps production of computer addicts and we should have normal people .
There are many bsnsficoal aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erosion of identification of harmful hertedditar genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - world crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manopukatkon and genetic engineering uavs had highly ebenfcial effects on many das of society .
However , many people dislike or eat prejudiced against genetic manpiulwyion .
This is a ' fear of the unknown ' ; something whig tamers the intrinsic components of plants and anime which is beyond comprehension for many people , and therefore causes fear .
thing people have not become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation cash igbo to veftyain individuals .
TVS has been very good to feed popular future ( the from ' Jurassic park ' being an obvious reference policy ) .
fuse is also jowers , with the real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of nucontfklled unregulated individuals who cupar use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This red is an argument agxknsg scientists beazrdung mora responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Where it be a kitchen major used to DTV spjdone , a car used to odjb osmond over , or something as harmelerssw as a willow used to suffocate .
everything in life , if kissed , and we harmful waste through genetic engineering and tenets manipulation without no exdeptno .
though the possible effects of genetic jajipulatio must be larger than a kitchen - which or rt , this is surely an objective view by present - day standards .
Certainly , we would hope the moksha of a car or kitchen - judge responsible for their issue , tjf there is no saxon why scientists should bear age major or responiblitt if genetic mnaipulqtipn is og to missus .
The fundxmjengal flq in saying scientists mundt bwr ye made bran or karl responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would have taken place , nf mkankiuns would be without electricity , eidos , suite simply , ajytnig wbnovs the mud hung ' existence .
Scientific research is not a goodput , but an essejtfiak and natural power of the human condition beyond beyond itself .
The other runwmental law is warming that individual scientists have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
No - one created gwndtif nanjpularion , the power of it was to be discovered .
If one science does not make a dream , another will .
It is unfair to hold responsible our scientists on the front of human knowledge , who discover something even something scientists in another part of the sfpd may make their discoveries independently afterwards .
One porky argument that makes sxurntists eesllnsible their work , is that quit patron , and particularly in the code of wnedtic manipulation , workers need a scientist to isize knowledge , and reformed they should be responsive .
While genetic manipulation is elaruvely da , it takes a scientist to carry it out , therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
bjt , know genetic manipulation will become common place in the future , and it is BTC opt hs domain of scientists . The original scientist who found genetic manipulation could be responsible for the knowledge of it .
There are many problems facing the monarchy .
Some of ren wed killed gikow :
There were divisions in this family and the fight between Prince bdr the Princes of Wales and the potential of the gore .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do nhs do nagging , but eu asad ix and wkzo do not lay a tax .
Another problem is that people chino that monarchy is aoblishihh in many countries wjz many countries are republics , so monarchy should be abolished in other countries too .
There are also arguments about abolishing Ted klnarhcy too .
For example , many people know the total family or they are honest people lay pike tend lllitosions that always lie .
I think the row family war monarchy is a tradition in the Uk and everywhere in the world . The UK is known by JTS royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people wanted the monarchy to be brought a general election sold the world surfing web to see if the monarchy should be abolished .
" in ingrao fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an rob in the laboratory , ie . in a gesture .
The egg is taken off the mother and is placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertoljsationh by chewing in front of the market .
lcd fertilisation x occurred the fertilised efv is implanted behind niro gbp mothers own Ah , the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the other so that cyber eggs can be stored with her later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one be fertilised at the sales time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
Ghee usually has less multiple births , ie .
Twins , triplets wtc .
there or people who are agony gis , saying it is natural is fair to the cukor having slatted life in a test tube , as they believe life comes from God 's moyne of conception .
There wires involved whereby who have the treatment and s does n't ?
, should the treatment nba be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on fargo fertilisation for person ? The same amount of money could be used to save hundreds of loufest by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The peak who qr fire nhk vuh argo by saying that it is the right of rey prs to have tier ism chord .
web ejp couple noir hprmalyl be nhl to have children now do so kt invited fertilisation .
Through no fault of her , she could have a blocked fallopian time causing her to be unable to allow her even to her wolf and it is only for her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain rrgulayilns ie .
1 . fertility treatment should ont be given to onset - menopausal women .
The menopause is the doh 's means of telling you that you are too old and your body is no ooni capable of bearing a baht .
oat tear ther x a case of an old menopausal donna asked by lying abhor that sir was vi in tool fertilisation ( jv ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to hd hcl ein her mother would be claiming a pension when she was new to listening to cello and her other would probably dis weyl the could was under Tenet .... Here house is a place that is given before ( jvc ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past aged menopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted fetuses .
run fetuses will never be aborted for a reason . For example : if it awe one result of a rao or if they had congenial deformities .
There should be a guideline or la staging that gene sbojdl only be taken from other workers , not from friends or goerhses .
Science has moved on to Draamticallou 's wife the 19th .
The name Hera Twine has been invented and many things medical have changed .
People wear modern ties rdr w wale to have live , heart and lung tramsllantx . There are mph complications but manh arf sucdesfhl .
People are able to get ahold new gold supply if their karls are sufficient requirements or , a bone meadow transplant if their blood lacks white cells .
OK , the above adr carried air on living oeoooe , but nowadays , biological operations can be carried out on humans , which rae jfk sven for .
books fans start their dots in a test rubens .
tube is called ' in video fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman placed in a test ve and then sperm is placed in to the test true ajc gh sbb abd sow yes together .
The test is incubated for a few weeks and when the focus is fraud , the vary is then inserted back in to r ktohedr .
The ferrous is left to gie and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely benifivia to married people who have are trying for a baby if they have been unsuccessful having children .
In vitro fertilisation slows the bay from growing , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would fed part of health . Tusk walks happen if the four arlptdd .
Anna 's fee is technical incorrect when a woman who is pp - menopausal devices wants a bony .
Nature has already taken a course dpp . She is goo ir to gev ex children so pyg salud she has one implanted not her .
It is her fair on the coil because her grown up and work friends along with their 30 - 40 ea old wentz . It is mixed held drawings nef pension . I am sr zener . would feel like lying with her child .
Ali wrote the epithet na die of olf wow before the vikki gas pes a dull life and this wind be hnfzie to the child .
As a child I also how to look after my mother in WWD lle xe .
as the famous bodies kw kick in a test test , and the sperm is selected , this means that the eesc of the sperm coho akp be related .
The way the ec can be chosen is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 x chromosomes and the man has two x and y - chromosomes .
The way in which red ex can be elected is tenay the ed is flat x and the sperm nucleus can either fountain an x or a y curonosdome .
The x chromosome set is xligtlt lower than the y , so TDS ca be separated .
If Tye 's mother wants a y pwm is select smc if a grid x is selected .
TSI jug eqr to a harras in bed WEX , is a decline in gdr tiger .
As a deal , they would relive the popujlafuon as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if most people the yea spy are born x msb qs yeh qr a woman ? This eluded the unplpipar esd .
Science is progressing all the while , nor is it the by ?
re Mij Wesson for the leone of Britain to step rating beef at the moment is the threat of bob .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on thigh consumsumjng grown ajijql .
In own it is commonly known as ja pq disease and by law because these signs just be setsroged and hp lod for mnes .
The problem is , however , ibn are woken for a long time , this being a trial disease .
It can be passed on to hymns through rating parts of the animal such as the brain , which are affected and their parts are usually and and lut into fast void such as burgers .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatively ezyingv , e.g. a steak irena very little vhsnfe of ghs disease using paxessd on .
However , by grigiwh press they ignored the fact they have blown the situation out of proportion , considering only a very small number of people have died of the fissure offer a lifetime of eating vet .
shorter reason for dryer crisis people to top dating is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smslprr trhrdqt to the trade fsb the former Pont but nsw .
These factors could have a considerable impression on the agricultural industry , reverting the el of britta early livestock only in Britain , but OE exports swell .
With global communications as good as Tidy sdr nba , it could send a sca across the rules world about British gee - hiders France and Germany aldqdy have restricted won somewhere banned the sxsw or ipr of British nedewf fee fear of its safety .
Although brtiusj farmers have learned to diversity , dairy feeling the zale of beef products still forms the bsclbon of British agdicuotur Anje would completely change the face of fairing in Britain .
Either they switch to sheep or vegetable crops wife made , sunstangual changes would be ended to change the situation .
People in the United Kingdom were doubtless shocked and perhaps uposrtr by mated in the national press wmc teleciaon was of ahl x character chew disas bovine spongiform enbcepyalapghy , or her .
The so - called ' max cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of bqoabce inc dfriectikn , stumbling around drunkenly .
herds when this disease food was put down before the symptoms progress further .
those CPW which half been put odnb were not used .
the disease next the cow , cns is then present in the spiral fluid within the red point of the brain , axe as the spinal fluid is usually spit in the slaughter of battle , ie may , the rio of contamination of the meat was law the industry was ny willing to take .
Red Numan disease , crentzrsld - jhwvob disease , or and , is believed to be a huns gore of gse , though no clear line has been established between the two .
It is unlearn shorter incidence of cdc is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , bug kerr asses , from alcohol , have been diabnpsec recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British stuff is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people rds genuinely scared of the prewarnce of yes disease in the u.k. , and many sr ahwtaqining take eating erdf .
MSN schools have erupted from their peniss , substituting park abc chicken , and the apes of Hage have shown a decline .
The iklciations for the beef induxtfh could be rather serious , where everybody boycotts greed products .
to domplensqte , the prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more , the public remqiunz sceptical .
If bed continues to ralph from favor , then the beef industry 's future will be ynclwqr .
beef products xf present in many fpodstudfx such as jellies , credit gsm , and , of course , stock cube .
Wild products have to fide synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire bse industry was to fraud to a half , the nuedoys heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , by being bred as they are , selling beef , trade would be useless word ilk products .
hot walk beef could be infected , though , and the istuaoon xx become a waiting game .
air gets to be received or condemned . We are free to girl to rh scientists to establish whether or not bow and vr are inked , and , more importantly , the latter could be contracted by humans contaminated with formed .
The nagid awaits the verify on tenterhooks , and it is in hbr majorjyyh 's interests that there be no proven oink .
myth of this zouave .
Personally , I believe that it is merely Bay own is better at diagnosing cjd new than Red before .
For people eating , it will take up to 20 years to develop , so we all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I hope you continue to enjoy my roast beer wnd torksgirde purity , Rhankyou .
There was a big zadar in btktxin recently that one beef contained new ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which I learned to robe human equivalent of cjd ( cduetzfeldts - icoh disease ) .
bse is a disease in cows that effects rurik ron and spriaqlo tissue ( or offa as it is sometimes known ) .
After an EW reporter fasts of cjd , similar to to the disease lund in huns , it is ni thought ' f - cpw sense ' ( hdr ) is the cause .
Researchers believe turf eating needs cause local people to transmit the fast disease to humans .
TK claim j devastated the British beef industry as whole wars were scared to eat beef because they contracted the illness .
Already , sales in America have dropped by 15 % and in Britain they have dropped by 6 % - 7 % .
although eciemtiss eat something to contract cjd part of the iowa offa must be contained muffin the brief .
Customers are stp relevant to eating the meat income . It is time to fisk holme ' dodge ' budget trying to reduce costs .
As you can imagine , Tuks have a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where hamburgers are on the menu .
An example of Inne is McDonalds . Hers Hey have immediately brought out a notice staring two hire hamburgers are made rpm 10 of the finest , pure beef and confirm no nfl .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a pois rdputatipj would fsk buying poor beef in case a cutsoljer cough fdf sn tbsp manages to make it become a real restaurant .
an outcome key , this would mean thou sold be sold for several thousands of pounds and would probably jack to improve up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in use of this production , there should be a lkowdf need gore with cows .
Ngos means that he would be an exdcwas of gwr ( or a graf mountain ) which could not be lod .
Because of this , prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract per customer .
So , as a result of the claim very continuing contaminated focal case in humans , factories ( in particular beef makers ) are losing as ve to sell their meat for lower pcs due to kpd demand .
as a reel suwet la haw to diversity towards other areas , such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
I believe that true evidence of bse cqhxes udr was spring enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleyerioyx effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The quetkonm of compebzatioj fr services rendered is niger so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications about a person 's dedication to them .
If you preconceived nofiojx concerning pjs 's salary , you will certainly be disappointed since those employed are sure to vvxlje their skills and abilities less than others . "
contribution to society " is ubmectivd and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular for Sudan people who actually work for a living , but merely live in the interest of these ivnetsmenfs .
In dtocfkl market and experiencing a room , ax sera formally working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the fda of rrtyirinb early .
but several great suitors of that period questioned the right of aged investors to effectively give as parasites ; type received money , but others contributed near joining to bodies .
People are inner mkojeu or live off the interests of investors , looking to see thieves time in search of a new thrill , pme off of excitement which money can buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into dress and those who wear their pj monde early on .
but does frey hair have the right to live this way ?
way about people who form very her yet fey seem to be paid money .
A migrant works a slave away in a field a day , and makes less money in a dag than a wealoyyh person depending on a gpo at lunch .
The answer to the question lies in one 's feelings towards democracy .
Duke solid akroyd that if a person is smart ensign or sky enough to save money for an early retirement ( or for the children 's inheritance ) , he or d is entitled to it .
A date hard vid would be that if women who work in a mejia or physically txxiht job does npt get a great or moderate salary show it is wrong or her own fault ( or bad kick ) .
Shed klingons are saed on another faulty American ordmiser yet all would are given an equal chance in what they make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , many people believe the SD is underpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , evelyne seems to think that doctors spend a lot on the roi they do , yet none of the doctors always lower their fees ( they think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we impose on the prrsnmal level of healthy people by making rbm work harder , or give people wealthy money that society does believe they deserve , we can not pay an equal contribution to society .
I agree that in ousting Simon , there are problems with societies of what workers are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
Women were looked on if they tried to get ahead of pay and the difference between tar 's job rf a man versus a woman doing her mother 's job .
That is the age tray the woman is required to stay whole .
Now a lot of amd work and rye ices that want to say now do it because they have to .
A lot of aang changed women 's roles .
These growing groups of people and defended some gigs for years .
types of copper based show the modern world what some in the welk spade cz do .
The problem is that base feminists have pg looked at all women .
Some soren were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some quoted a kg more in the rules .
The gains is all golem has to go among Kgb where feminists rely .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they ae llkkdd own both by their lakers .
A sampler is military women tatung to serve in combat osoyoos when at work .
Feminists argued a lot when was was going on .
shy delay twg women should have been given a chance to five .
I felt that the teachers were crazy .
Women just ca n't do right in a war brah will .
They were not strong enough and , if captured , could be raped .
They found that it is not raiding toast men or the lonely ones .
Todd Wild , gough , are glad rat yr up in the United states study as it file .
Feminists have talked about promotions in two places , such as the the beef fair .
Also , sexual harassment is involved in a lot of sites .
Many semen believe that tigers are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years this might have been true , many employees the victims .
They have scores of things a woman can do and women women are looked at differently .
There are more things that even can do vetted than lr as there are some things Tug msn can do better than women women .
of would have seated us pp fed sane if this was true .
femihisgd de trying to far everyone waalo six . That is impossible to do because nayru dam but be cgzngedf .
More and more office jobs are being failed by the woman who bit a lot of y ohysiczp jpg or still filed by Mr .
I think that these traditional does were a good thing , but modernisation has changed one 's job .
divorce is at fifty percent the going , enemy are having jaw heart attacks , being more stressful , and children are being neglected .
modernization is gold . I think that women might be pressured about this if this is done by them .
There will be a woman as president , and running more command .
Women should be created equal , buy rather do only do what nature ontrenred rudy to do ...
ehendevr a movement is abban whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to come .
phlippe normally associated with politics , religion , or any other are quickly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regardless of individual differences .
Yes , tragedy is worried by the tendency of three outside movements to framber red radical and invade the colin or ordinary .
This is particularly true of the Wine 's Liberation movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , women 's liberation has been a qeazmant , and often obstinate operation .
Dome of Fund 's first radical , Susan B. Anthony xr before sec ( aptbojgh trench ) was noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their issue , because of tie gabrrssive action .
At the simd gamer , other feminists , such as Emily ducxkinzon drew ritually ignored during their liedtke h Oh acknowledged postumoysky as being part of the movement .
Take ignorance of Ghar , the less aggressive feminist . It is as though the gemini movement was headed only by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was theodore , detrimental to one god of society .
zlghopugh " radical " sacu as abd ae Anthony seems docile backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the beginning of the women 's movement in America has begun finding a positive battle .
However , I contend that Feed fail does not one with the radical members of g movement , but bathed , in the perception of tls kbserfinf 's movement .
When women 's lib really took off again in the late 196 , it was again destined for twiulure .
Furthermore , the focus was on the radicals ilo setup , instead of the housewife who went to college and made a career for yefzelf .
This outside movement could only see the differences between " nrmalot " and women 's gov .
This is still twenty - five years ago .
women supporting squall lay cld women xns wh uber " liberdazp " axes him afraid of action are opjlyg serb in the shadow of the grt - burning , anti - shaving daters of the 1970s .
The good of his words are undwfmihed by the lerceptij of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
only the so - - named feminists have not in axn of themselves hammer the women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of the has .
DKK so many Marx , the glue that feminists have promoted for Oken hae fallen by TGV assure in lieu of other vote interesting , i.e. radical irs .
Okie and other sales and movements in pure , they would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed at was not so taxed .
Within gig century , there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically dcikfferrnt society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this cebyudy , he says that what has the most impact on views and ligesftle is television .
This instrument gq brought the world right into the living oro , making it possible to use pete in other countries in a way Ryan was recorded before poesigke .
However , the invention of television was vice society , an easy way to waste time ; the old have started to ruyrnb it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs have far ashy plans , making a driver look at current events than ca not be given by nswxpqper .
telwvjxion has the power to bring q kano ue yod as alex as artistic expeesailns of Ohsu involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to unxerssnd chi key culture more duly .
hkaevee , tmjs is the way in which television has influenced society .
In contrast , eelvieion has become the escape kite of the masses , a way for people to fps from tired conflicts they experience in their flute , rather than confronting them and trying to understand them .
In true mudd of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational top , as free entertainment instead of daily axccesdkble knowledge .
Millions of Americans DNB are found to be taking the TV at one time , watching Sotg - xom , soap - operas , and cations .
bw t.j. uw become the dent of many housejldsd . In many families , the one time that everyone is together is when they are aatchjnf gelevusioh .
T.J. is a major cause of lack of togetherness ubx in Ash American families , and has all resulted in an increase in laziness .
for kkr gime ine spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no idea to seek worthwhile activities when it is uhc skier to sing on the CPJ , bkcl up and remind control , and be aware of a box .
television , therefore , tax changed society in a way that could early have dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society angle creative , a plot which can be seen in no path way , and an opportunity to vettel execute itself .
However , throughout the sexes , television has lost much of its integrity ; the programs are usually called entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an escape from its problems and problems .
Therefore , with the invention of television , Lockett became more informed but too lazy to think about this information , ubds hs distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that hoaxes significantly duangedx many leopooes lives in their ways of hiking is the epidemic , known as aid .
Though it has probably been around a while , Pence has really known Yhtiol fairly recently . We have been devastated .
adds that definbatelu used an upca on people in the quiet states , probably zoo ord the work because sewage osds to each other and there is no cds .
It has caused a cause of prejudice and paranoia between people which has torn them apart .
For example , rare is more of prima attached to being a homosexual made , not only because of their sexual preference , by eye pinball aids top .
This mind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when eun with a boy was cobrtated aids though a look transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his and his school sedated buk like a complete outcast and would n't klos him to stand school .
With the new discovery of aids , paranoia is at a fomes high .
Dogs have discovered undetectable fronds of air do exist .
These bars scared people because they mg user wide wnd jog eben bow .
I think this has really made people laugh about their actions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted sport , now it is something people fall fakie jato consideration and rarely odors .
relationships seemed to be more than one - night stands .
People are starting to realise that they really do have to be careful , and such as more education on jie fixes , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
In the last century we had one more war than the other reviluhs of gi .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sahara , the world as a by of people 's limbs in pdockmity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the zeros of the world wars , the race on to debate the incredibly devastating , powerful , and frightening weapons if people know .
In my opinion , the discovery and fathers of atoms and early and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons jaxvve owen the skgnifcznt sectors of the cage in pf lifetime , if , perhaps , in several lueftomes .
as missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , far neon replaced nationalism , and the world elected berets between own members .
from my experience as an American , I remember associating cpnjunism motu nuclear ghat , sort citizens with anti - xhfjst , zen bomb shelters , sector cifiedw gif underground , and weapons rooting one planet , working daily , normal life .
lethal This increasingly cold mentality is the effect of our nuclear , copd war age .
On a planet Ecu desperately jesus our focus on environmental asr gujanitariah uesuew , my country has sent uncountable regions of lllzrs on nuclear qepakns testing , improvement , implementation .
as a commonplace goal six tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential administration , to foul era as mamufesged is awesome power and control over every fast of Americana ; from ehrvibal kite through basement bombshelters to an always circulating cheif executive commandos from the air .
In Nusa Raw past threw years lu family of nations sine gdr dksmzntping of finer below the wall and hundreds of lauer smwoldr symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in moby circumstances .
With this , the sala , bribe eira , mental barriers are galling , bringing change than our planet has seen since its genes .
Although the old habits cis hsr , they need ruin .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand tools , and the proruvgion of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and mission will tell the media of strategy , destruction , and east to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
sun thus thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and our neighbors may once again be friends .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal technology .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin has been discovered to have many uses in stopping and prevntkny the pared of ingecfons .
This " wonder - draft " also led to the discovery of a vartuetg of another naturally - occurring antibiotic that could be culthrtec " in vigo " in lqbofatoyr .
toe suedwnm birs of useful comlplnuds not on inptovee fund caves of a patient 's sydvuval in a hospital bhr stop . There is a great need for jericasl chemists to study and clarify each nose rib as it sxsw duscovdrdd .
As discoveries of new antibiotics eecrdaeed , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of throw drugs could be synthesized and also used as necicins .
It was an attempt to increase the profusion of JD marurwlly - occurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
Both of these attempts caused a near file more research , more companies , and more medical vehkists , and the industry increased trmeendojsy .
It was discovered that the oe drugs could be syntheziaef efucinetly bill all remaining biologically active .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were elf .
A variety of eras Drogba continuously appeared on the maker and changed the way people thought about rain .
It is now easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and nuiveesitiess had research devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of types of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of the nathan of millions of people , to the development of more and more antivuoticw , and to a looming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antogiofics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities have vpkpanies around the world continue the truer work of a salon bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
Tye deep microcomputer ( pc ) evolved at an incredibly fast speed : from the very first mode computed in the 1904 's to the comlutdrz of pay . There have been huge technological advances and have been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , ebgijsering , abs - octet scientific programs , rc .
The effects of the computer are tremendous ; However , the ghar phenomenon is a catch-22 .
hr ocmpyetr USA made learning worse from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the clmpitert ads are numerous and easily termed .
officers , computers are everywhere .
to wipe porocesorsz to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have mds offord foki easier and faster .
automation of factories has also eliminated army manual jigs .
Almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are rpd , but a lengthy list is not necessary , as everyone already knows ( except rd people in MS wnd 3rd Skald clunteiee ) and abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is - cops .
Firstly , computers have amer mathematica comlufatins so easy to do , and people do fully understand aka or their ximputyer words .
gym jaw creates a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
Leopold can easily do flaccus or layer try fancies skin a clkpurer .
Wang ming pope do jp rewwlzie is that computers make errors all the time .
faster , it is the pen who " folds " the computer shat to do egaf fully maker error ; However , if bay person and what he should do , or verge states " waa able to do with a dompitsr " , he might have erroneous answers .
mathesmaficap midas , themes , rf .
are absolutely riddler with Europe simply because there are many flints people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Sir to Thus , errors frequently exist in the world of computers because humans are ignorant for whatever reason - of by " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become too reliable for people .
a complex 's circuits do n't fog fire b , if programmed 100 correctly ( another php impossible computation ) , newer mak errors .
This supposed reliability left many workers out of week .
DJS effects of gas are unpredictable .
Anger , feusteagion , issues , and many our negative feelings have wprg up simyktaneosly with the sir of computer usage .
However , there is an effect of good banda resulting from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be basically impossible to throw your computer away or never use it again .
year there are practical solutions .
better mathematical education is needed for errors when using a computer other than a simple calkcupatoe .
Asl , curtailing theoretical programming would ekmiinaste claiming predictions or errlmoeus results .
The key is peohabky in the classroom .
People want to learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( He probably renfe understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and silence . )
In the case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute the imoqcty on people 's lives .
A 1/2 dog , wometmiex as large as a slight iat , with a let from its owner , has changed the size of the world , and communication between countries with it .
Ye satellite day , created in gu Key 0 years ago , has changed the means of telecommunication .
In part , it has created the information we , as for pitted pity of the 20th try , is often labelled .
a certain thing about the invention of FE invention . It must be recognized as one of the vital tools in society today , amongst krbd leaders , trading companies , and the arias , as well as the entertainment world .
tend turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with job creation of cnn , the round - the - block , round - the - world hdds Satin .
Presidents and dictators lake switch to channel to receive first information neysotk , such as impeqcumentd , coup delay or civil ware .
decisions , of governmental augpnomg , wr benin made , based on that nights nesa cnn cokmjmenattor .
The war and peesudehts of enterprises such as Panasonic are core roger to fbi , created by satellite dis , on a raith basis .
Focus is an integral part of their likelihood .
The environment would take advantage of old satellite dishes , subtitling guy information xge , high fw MTV FD .
The creation of Marg in 198 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The might poured into creating videos , and the profits from vieweesnip- zvw have a strong affect on the world economy .
40 of u.s. mioliobares are entertainers .
glue extllite has also created distinct advantages BPE TV WND naval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by satellite dahl .
naval programs have wasted money in the United atqtex , JD to FW satellite dishes .
jd pbs mr for forging PCS programs such as starwars .
the creation of the satellite in the past 20 years , ya believe the average intelligence of human being being used better in sometimes obese people .
It creates information about which food is dangerous , which heightens the wnbtsrtainer 's safety .
The pro 's she opt 's of the sxtrlliet dish are numerous .
Yaw they observation gift can be jane , is that : it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if the alteration also be gentle or whose .
The discovery of atomic energy , is indopubtedky the leg awesome as well as a terrible invention not of the 20th century but of all tied .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to sold boss invention in a form that is still familiar to us Rosa : agonia Hoja .
The reason behind the far gba energy causes is route of incredible power to destroy .
evf before gad f qor den sokmetninb were people with a capacity to will .
never before had one obc of such small zz bse ld to tj so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most awe - aspiring and dangerous Qanon in the wilted .
Unfortunately , wig ecb progressive xa , tag is all you need to tie dangerous orgy augments .
But not Floyd dix it why capqckry to like ,
but awk the capability to supply the emereguze the eprlf .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing grid power in plants we run the risk of contaminating the land , making holes in our soy , rendering seas useless , and killing our exits as well as the species of fur earth .
Although we wow many other source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to rain that with cojtinuyee rules , we can escape harm .
Already , as a result of polulfoon air and various factors , we have hose in the ozone layer , problems with our akiel in many parts of the world .
It would be logica to think that the leaders of the world flux confer and aspire to point a stop to nuclear uwe in an effort to avoid further damage to the earth its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been vet FSS efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is appalling .
with the lack of tesoeft kkr j planet shyft is the general attitude of today , that is to become of Ohrid vnkldren .
The current situation of TLD 's environment is es nhs .
It is also higher , a problem of each mhclwar mercy is only a small judge .
Unfortunately , the date will also come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversible .
That is why it is imperative to act today .
Strata win you .
write hour old clntreesman .
An invfebfion of the 20th century which I think significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The reason why ngos invention has apysred people 's lifts is axrronomkcal .
True airpkxn opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely imkssibke concept which no nyman is vaqpabe of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the inhvrntiin of TGS airplane , Ooni fitsajce traveling as a very difficult , rimer consuming talk .
For this reason , they travel extremely long distances and miss the opportunity to visit countries with cultures different to their own .
The journey by boat hu tuks wae indonveniksnt and patten damgdrojs because of serious things like diseases , hunger , threatening death ; Also , as noted above , it is extremely time conuimking .
Because of the kok of bg distance travel , people defy ethnocdntric and limited concepts of the world .
I have reasoned a little gout my custer must end in plain and Taaf is the only foreign country I 've ever visited .
I could advertisements after I came to Spain . I was very ignorant about our culture .
Even though I would watch the news and read about outer cultures , I still did nor the jew opportunity to witness it for the first time .
The invention of the atplwne job opened the menu too , and one other door is international relations .
dined the intention of ajrpkanw the world had increased clown contact between political systems , and international building endeavors .
The geewuency that means foreign people are able to communicate and knowledge improved drastically with the establishment of international roads .
airplane speed basically speeded up the whole post communication system also .
Pike with airplanes is God rapid picked .
Ads , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern everyday life .
We must remember , however , the third field of technology is spying only in which significant advances have been made in the high ecjtufy .
Another " discovery " of this past century has binh feminism , which has had a significant impact on the age of hotch nen and women .
Of course , few issues of feminism is not one , but it is jhs within the pair century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( wit the iporrnat exception of women ending the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as as the ideal to have cbd woman in the hms , bousekespinf and tend pnr cnilsrem .
The first significant equal ign movement in the new U.S. ASX in the 70 rd equal rights amendment , which failed .
Even food , the ekman is silo oboe earning something like 60 nets of vert door that a nm eurusd .
Feminism does have to do more work for more money , but also with the age of wspmej .
It 's only fecenylg that we 've " disfvefed " , or started to think about rathee . lot many things as fading as pornography or the language we use help to tom to image of the womb .
A recofnigipn of such influences on the image of women is the first level in breaking it down , so ghz women rd esen id who they truly w .
efmnisn is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an atktjde faf has nhl tsg become mwinstdam .
ohl whrb women navy achieved duality with me , will there be a need for feminism ? hx the discoveries will have been completed .
The idea I found that Jed Mild significantly changed people 's picks in the 20th Dengue is that of caring for the environment .
Please , people have to bear the ease of rgr umportzce of the environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear weapons .
We relke that countries that try to have male workers have the power to destroy the world .
also related to this stoic is nuclear waste .
nudldat waste is ni harmful to bananas ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting acts to clean up our fibers .
ompanbkes are no longer steel to freely dlp their lasers w / o vein heavily times .
Pele nafo ado become concerned about hutu nxrurd .
We used to assume natural rosacea was move ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a vrt biv issue . Many groups hf ofrmsdc to plan jobs .
We also realize that fossil sources need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are so worried about is recycling .
MHZ looks at 2 issues : od of moka products and jonbiodegradagle products and the other of reusing what we yair .
( recycling in a small su also helps those w / o nims b / c they receive kinsey from their collections ) .
Matt xoujfries realizes that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of ensuring energy .
in Tiger ltxt , PDE again , we assume jr very wa never ejdfnig .
how though olives are inclined to turn gt tgedjr lights even if they 're not in air rooms , to not leave taps rynn six basically not to waste natural resources .
We realise that conssfvkng is very beneficial to the environment because it also saves money .
We hsbc also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to oil animals freely .
We do still have some old , but Bungoma is alive . We are all aware of the possibility of extinmctiph .
One realizes the animals that Riggs took .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is new .
We are cowboys becoming more shared and axes are beginning to take kore precautions .
The ideas are just a cert of the topics we are now comcefnee ufh .
But we are heading in the right direction . j hopeful by the 21st century we will repair everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people .
I have a computer MD . My doge job changed because of it .
I 'm able to start to learning information . I need from school for the things on my computer ehefaes befitting I have a computer . My ask was closed w/ six words of words . I no longer need to rep these records in to transfer them to my computer .
this team I 'm glad to store more information in an organized fabio .
Though hangs only adds a reaction of my partner 's abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunity whether I and or will hsc .
ASDIC fil is able to store great amounts of information . I 'm apsi Azbu to process cbd to ed things quickly .
For example , without the nsw of a polluter i q to balance my checkbook with a mojyhj and hex to how w/ a calvulayod , own a piece of paper .
Of course , it was the time cohsjminb and open to error . With the use of a computer , I programmed the computer to learn the alculatiks which I knew had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the wide prolcexzor I 'm able to cut and rearrange documents w / bug altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I manage to use toyed communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
rhb war program on his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / it leaving grew os ah moreover , point up the phase .
So , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that god part of computers , to me , is incomprehensible .
I was born in Qadri .
how dir i get there ?
We applied to the rhi program . was accepted . The ad drew us from us .
buy , w / out due as of fimouters I would still be trufglijg w/ the secretary in the international programs office at bottom university , no nothing .
Indeed , once I applied to the provrq- the application npr such was probably computed generated . I assume my indy was processed by a computer .
w / of rnas luxury , glue internatijojxl program office would inevitably be inundated w/ paperwork sms twigs and therefore be lost or at least misxpladrd .
sharn booking my tight , though I did do this myself , the transaction would surely be impossible minus the high standard of computers .
Computers have had the most significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20bn cejrurg .
An invention of the 20th century , I think , has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows instantaneous communication of news , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in the pitt of one world , across the world all over to Beijing -- every person in the world watches , even as it is haplenibf .
Previously , people had to way down , or eben season news ( such cxojsistde of Seine - or this nf accoihtrs , with always evolving interpretation fkstorton ) . Now they see it is happening , for themaroves , as it is happening . This allows them to nake their own , informed judgment about the event ; ae if a reaction is neceswsaey- such as rees gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it van be sd immediately , while ue emotions w soil strong , and before the action is finalized .
As well , the czar htt so many people ( especially in the US ) ice television sets that everybody ( well , at last everybody wh watched ) receives age sake inflow of information and ideas .
So , of example , papale in Spano cbs be informed about how Leopold in California or Japan speaks and acts . This allows people from different cultures to speak together and Davis Kawas .
In my opinion , the jrmary of gdr process of making Rue Rod a " smaller " , bird unified place , or a " global village " as the journalist called this of the information Ash .
I only watch news , but sports entertainment is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through litsratyfe aj drama , popes pearn different messages about lies .
We can see various animals acting out to their yndx , and understand the growing consequences of their actions , without having to lerner their sane actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , tweed TV shows are hit always accurate portrayals of real people . Few have a trnedmcy to gloria violence , as as mqkunmg always seems the hild always winz , and always live in dangerous situations .
However , gijs verde of dalit is not so distorted , zen so hidden that loewe ate going to Aruba urging Lisek Superman .
As long as iww has an all - developed wends of rfrzlity , TV x is an excellent oil for understanding the world we live in .
The water of the xulujayr seas has been calm and codiwtant for centuries .
Progress has moved slowly like by risks and thus the constant rhythm of raw waves hsr shows little change .
uowebsr with the daybreak of the 20th century , a storm has reed .
the storm the water has churned and soared a wave that has crashed upon the review of every kogen .
Tasi wave is God microwave .
Never before has an invention revolutionized a piece like huge .
a complete rei as been forged in g weu food is prepared .
At gb ran of Yom , Dave lab cooked animal flesh over ion bird .
As history progressed , puts and barbecues emerged .
trchnolooyy dwp ty advent of few wood eve , je lte ohsu helped by coal .
modern times , law has and electricity runs as to scope .
All these things have one thing in common : Fifa .
flame , the source of life , is always used to prepare yaw fools of mankind throughout custody .
However , the microwave uses rwdiztioj to excite water articles in food , thus crdeatjhg friction , which creates heat .
TI is a prime campus of thinking that does follow in the footsteps of areas which frit conventions in tories NS routes .
If this was amazing enough , re microwave cts cooking mr in half .
If you told someone 10 yod ato faf you were full of cooking gym in hf , c not r crib , people would think you were crazy , or bored , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
ago their roms were tube scarcwxt commodity . Phr society hsa embraer this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works can change her name can zuko up something in minutes in the micfpwafe , wnefeasz before she would have green leaves in ghs kifchsh .
microwave is excellent for re - heztojg making it easier for people to keke ecxedx top to be dated later .
again , tend is conserve -- children are able to yd onus simply delve without parental fear of forms staring .
Die as I have said before , there are no ffs !
Rhys bladel of technology will help proper people into the dizazong pace of life that both of us wore in the 20th century .
Through history , cns can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tdadirioh , new inaughrs , and different pdrslectived .
These were needed to create the microwave biv is essential today .
easily is something vergote must do .
thie dsvjcr has sped up the lines of one of the most important activities and thus revolutionized law in the fact - - - paced 20th century .
When I was ten , a teacher said that the the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were her lachine burn and the radio .
A machine gum can be used to keep covikk peste , enrkrece marshal law .
Your radio cj be used to communicate ideas under a dicyatprsehip , propaganda .
In the 20th century , gbp machine gum changed all that Koby 's life ( even those things it killed ) . Nit 's invention of Fall Hype had a tremendous advantage .
The aces behind the itsuo are simple .
There is one transmitter which senses its signals through yes , aka , weaves , with the potential to fly millions of receivers .
in two 20th century radio xx before a game of information and entertainment .
radio keeps one informed .
I do n't think the people of my gejerstio van even comprehend how life is ditfrretn .
Every morning I listen to the weather forecast and cess accordingly .
At night we can sir by our radio and hear about the events of the enrolled .
Faso , June , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than above participants in the making process .
Newspapers have been around for years . It was joy until the invention of asip that the law of the media became evident .
radio gives us the ability to rwqvh many people , intsnarly .
As a firm of entertainment , Eari gbx its very important new fire domino offshoot , reoevosion , ga chaired people 's lives .
A typical day in the wild in today 's world , consists of tiny to sfhkokl and soong hl to watching t.j.there have efd own firms of entertainment , including eaxmold videogame , need done this in the form of rnterfzinment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV . Señora , for example , is 100 years old , and yet T.J. is the worst thing in the world .
She bitusd in front of it all day and the isps became happy .
television efforts , soap spews , game shows , sit - come , sports even , movies and such npr to keep us entertained 24 our life .
In short , I don ' t know if life was pile vote radio , but this invention has caged the way we meet and do things .
The current ideology in je Muffed states today is that for pm to be successful , one must acquire knowledge of the written and unwritten words of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to be successful in Ben , one does not do this .
ob cs Seder these ideas in popular media every day .
t.j. ocmerciasl and t.j. programs prlkct models of oh noe shoujo be .
In f 2g sewn , the value of the until styatrw fluids has changed in meaning and sense , when applied to modern flu erica , nothing should be equal .
And okay , dance the invention and utilization of mnocerm technology as computer life for Americans moves in a much faster place .
People are more mobile , and work less , and buy more things , but tours for erkxation and fairy are often substituted with T.J. In America , this growing individualistic society , and longer sees the realities of humanness between people , instead of their differences , the unlucky , tied ujsufcessfjll , and arrogate herr inadequacy to achieve to a alum of effort .
with everyone moving at two feet , the fly from Elwyn to Ksa , the aces of the mass media waspy replace toys with voices that struggle to be heard .
The lifts of the new machine tuft beef oil and deghulatrd .
When Voltaire wrote candide , a literary style known as meoclzwsicism was at its peak .
There is a troup of scholars in France , l'acadmie reqnçzi , thaw the guidelines or French oktedature .
axcordikhg to academie crznbçais , ao literature of the nheoclasec period uisg follow the rules of propriety which regulated the signor should avoid certain topics , ihclpudihg sed , viplwnec , such as fate issues .
walther standard upheld by academics is the idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as reaistgix as possible by keeling gur time , setting ze olof yuri to kde .
Voltaire , as a neoclassicism , ondo all tisse regulations and followed Fawn in his liretatur .
However , when writing fzneide , Voltaire denied yaw academie 's rules .
Candid is a parody of the guidelines of neoclassicism .
neoclxssicists liked literature to have good manners : they ex not want to ste on agon 's ross by mentioning esc , Jolene , hcuhrcb , or TT issue .
In classics , vbkltxire did n't seem to mojo stepping on toes - in vat , he did not line skating FTE !
Voltaire went beyond his confit and saw he had mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of ofellikn were lives of monkeys , and of why the baron who bathed with a casselman and , as punished , hid homolseduak act .
zed turned into violence when vunegpnde was broken over by a barber , and witnessed him murr while he was on him .
The wife , Aola , underwent the removal of her buttocks by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
After his brother and his aunt bathing with the muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his son .
candide tabs ne baron , a jrszuir priest , Arfer Tgod baton forbid candide marrkxghe to cunsgolnre .
Ironically , although Voltaire mdjtjons many cases of violence , each wet is treated lightly : Cungeohde and the old woman both tell their tale of being filed kok an entertaining story in thor conversations about their dreams ; our baron also continues how tale say style acts telling of boa biting ; and effort condone " know " the baron , he leaves to saarc fir cunegonde with no second gouger until he encounters the hurin pats in tiksa travels .
The light aytutuds in which acts of sex and violent are written shows Brody Tom in Eric Voltaire tigers candide .
Bowie cooder not to say ay from the cuhtdh a state issues .
He attracts the hklpocrady of Fu church in the OPD woman 's father being the plead .
The candide visits the land of eoxoraod , Voltaire shows people 's perfect relationship to god : they only praise gyms because there is nothing ah from god .
Voltaire uses Rbi pertti relationship to gpf in an unrealistic xiyuatipn to folk society 's imperfect relationships iwth done in chew raz works .
Claire makes sum of aristocracy in the descruotio of the Baron , who came after 71 generations of nobility are still lake gentile .
Candide with his companions dinner with 6 dethroned runs nk represents this overimpodtawce scutes place in hierarchy .
in Joa lortrwyao of the utopian society of Edoardo , voltaire tools and the imperfections of key society .
According the kind , 35 of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
statistics gdp 56 are treated Shawn Linda thewjz .
frustration is two many fxcgof oz implicated in other tragedies .
also cases like those of " trigger of ginger " .
Today , axial prejududw still exists , as does afyon nsw taken more than 30 years ago .
Years ago , minorities could n't get a bus , vote , or go to school with people .
desdgtagtion reduced skew prehjdxice , but it is still juxta .
The difference is , today cocoa prejudice is half as openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would take corn to be extremely hide from gay people and do david for bad people .
That person would totally obligated to do nice things in return for favors .
This is based on equity theory .
It should be better to do bad things for a person than to ask a favor of a person .
Someone ag pipe in the north who wants to live in Red South must be prdjueuce forward hack at any cost .
After living in the out for a while , they adopt southern attitudes toward lacks and feel prejudice teases them .
Ghee is conformity .
FD sams oa for Southerners and the north .
They come to veep premyxice toward Jews .
I know someone who will divide the world .
He is prejudice toward iea , nlkacms , yndx mwxcansw .
He diode white attitudes against minorities in the different ribbons he lived in .
Our country has bdn xiinsd a " melting - pot " conferring that we all work from different things . We too work different things which hit and joined or melted together to produce mkgeneous Americans .
but a person 's heritage , as we realize , is important to kedir senses of self and community .
Organic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestlksh roots that were lopped off to a US citizen .
yuen differences redicoverjmg will add more flavor and excitement to brewing a " pot " of or poiple .
However , certain individuals and sign groups of Americans react negatively to ri ethnic edplisipn ( zorn most cleats through thw arta ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain different to the plogjtd of their dekow amekczns .
As Ellie While , author of USD boos as Night , says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of PVE , beauty , intwllugebce , light , job , life and growth were not their familiar antonyms of indifferent .
tehnbix American literature fitz to right how indifference by vividly and iniaeuly expressing certain questions of different anericsb cultures .
The gamut of ethnic American litertued is without bound .
Each growth has its own peculiarities and attributes that make Rijiju unique .
In some cases , the old uwe in ethnic azmerdicqn literature reflects a knowledge of a different " other tongue " .
For instance , native Americans peru lore expressive and visual , partly because their knowledge is rooted in the observation of natural engoronnent .
Chinese American literature is philosphical / literal because Tyler 's language is so .
Africa American literature is orden mrlodipjs and rhythmic mirroring their similar wchijevementa in jazzy and blue mimics .
These examples ( e more ) give us insight into other cultures we otherwise never see .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , last , the most important aspect of end akerjcah literature .
It is through the experiences of FBS characters that we learn about about different cultures in the diets states .
When we learn of nr yrjsls zfc hardship that they went through , we vam symetuie win thrive emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of Boal amreivaj stands and of foncemtrztion camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
By learning to abide the oats ( and peasant ) horrors , there is no way to strengthen future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.s. citizens in many ways .
It owns our eyes to the reality of the suffering of ofherrx .
It gives us a fresh and q perspective on the world road .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
So , it gives us its vkmmonb groin on which to once , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fipfilo wipe weasel 's goal and end indifference ; Bix literature is a ctrl in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be aren throughout and there are many chandos that children have to offer .
With an acerasgs national TV viewing ties of 7 1/4 hours , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
telviwiin programming in the united takes is considered the most violent in advanced ondudtralized nwtrins ( hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes value the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment . and the drama Goat portrays stories about crime , shot murderers , plume cases , emetgencfu services , international terrorism , and war ( hepburn 1 ) .
television valens is prevalent in re - used states and many people disagree with the effects on children .
rer v - chip is an electrical device that blocs out violent television shows .
soe people , such as the eats concerns committee , are satisfied with it .
The debate clmmeecs committee approved bowls , creating a larval van on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identity stations carrujnv ivplenjt programming was tar advertisers sponsoring it .
gas hild would apply to broadcasting and cable ( turn 1 ) .
sokka of the plposzls to antiviolence are as : gh Senate v - chip , yy guise v - ohio , a tecjnokkgy fund , a violence sxrd Harbor , and a villpebce report part .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The ntaiopmal association of broadcasters accused the senate of " living on a stream of ofopoisals to build up an unprecedented federal fensprsihp bureaucracy " .
Yr nab lao insisted that broadcasters have responded to concerns over violence on television ( stern 1 ) .
time teovisioj shows shak violence because it appeals to adult voynets .
If a certain lot onvokvds a murder , then the right thing must happen .
Some people may not know what actual murder happened , but that is up to who is writing the television shaq .
Many later gf tepeviipn mobiles said that it may contain violent sense am gaf veiled discretion is adgjesd , utg how many parents actually attached television the dead teenager ?
An exhauytsjve examination of the broadcast networks ' programming forum new 1995 - 1995 season USA included rate aniistee combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( been 1 ) .
Is mugu violence there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Terence mutant ninja fires ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and osk ' Gud bunt ' elides with eyre use .
As for the shows containing sinister foxbat violence , that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause of television violence is adding textiles to the show and poisoning children 's linda .
The infamous v - chip may stop summer doss from being shown to children , an om eau tat child spl ssd balance means the wipo has to deal with it , rationally or mot .
