It 's difficult answer at the quality " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was thriller I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswomnan and even a teacher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychuooigy because one day I would open my own physical ofdice and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a event , you 'll try it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or air .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on our things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet grtiendoy people who usually also to you something to be friends and change your twlewphobe number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have cdashed in the street , in that moment you realize the importance of a public transport .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Chcle , Bil , Cars , Train & Flight .
Drpending on the distance and duration to the dsored place , kinds of transport is vnossn accordnigly .
But Grnreallpy sleakinh , travelling by car is much more than and compared with other modes of transport .
This remxs me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by National Ukrainian to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We have stopped at huprels for having food and ys in case if any of us feel bungrh , we have purchasee some nqcls just before the trip .
Secondly , we have the option to aig what we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible and travelling by train & French ) .
In addition to it , we can all them a comfortable shoft back on the back seat and wake up there .
Due to the above mentiondd reasons , I am going to believe that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Ears .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to hearing you in this year summer camp .
I liked children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organised many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
I hope that you get my best chance to join you .
Yhanms
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport playing every sport , when I travel on the beach I like play with my sister in the dance and after we are going to the sea .
It is very cunny .
when I was young I liked ppwgs with the blk in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer glals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the other hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Bacella , Madrid , wvillx , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Pieeta deedo Skk " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Last summer I got Sevilpa because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a way that become the ecfojopmy is very far .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsibility for look after the water .
Her life is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
You will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today public transport still plays an important role in transport system and it will help on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better raoufce option in our transport system .
Also people need not to suffer not operating fos dinnkng their own cars .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from too .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an private person to oiam a private ieplame travelling to another country .
Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that did n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is nice , so public transport continue to have future for people arr toijg to us more the cars fhe bud or underfround .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them but we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way can carry more money than the public transport .
By far we can not stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are them but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both transportation are biox and tr cdwrs do n't need nefessarizly to rms up with g pblic trzhsport .
If I had not to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose w because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
We have allaf pwbela and a place to make fmopot at the last grade , with some who eat and decrease all the organic waste of the school .
In some attractive points of the building we have special traschzns to separate the garbage in orgamif , laoed and crdboard , cans and pet bottleds and they also make talke and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contsminatikon , etc .
The manager of all this project is Mrs June Wjs , our scientific teacher .
All this initiatives has made us all over the yearx a redognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I went to share what is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , can I choose it?Wrll , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Rxampld like basketball Premiewr League , Liga Pdejuer , Fudw World Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all will deligfhetdf us .
By the way , my favorite football dinner is Manchestwr Ujiyed , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football playhera , and they are axwssome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a superf girl !
After many years he still from to become a zuper hyeeo .
He entered the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the best similar to be a syer duty .
Pass some years of the university and he knows a girl called Kife and he got moved on her and szhew their lives in him .
akte was during the university of fashion .
Then the two started to ewte .
Mkhcae and Kafe was so happy , until one day that Michael said to his dream to be a soer hero , She felt so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a iue dream and that Michael was only dreaming that that would never happened and that her heo do n't rxiwr .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and she made saying that she was sitting and did n't have better .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
The following day , they sure slfrg see them gayp again .
But when then get to the home of Michael they cigthy wgaon and Michael got a knfie and not her .
He frtked with a lot blood around .
Michael vwr very from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had had a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in our history , it brings amount of benefits in our lives .
For instance , we take subjects in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than this public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and turn our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our pvfsprongs .
Bigong than a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transport , traffic jams will be serious than before .
In my country , all , we always stop in together for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , one long I will take from school .
Cars is convenient for hymlan , but it brings damage for humans also .
For example , carbon dioxide juice is created by car .
It causes global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather either happened in decades , such as tgphkn , hurricanes , eipd food and mud areas .
What other precauions , is usually think ?
The NG Kffoxe is notkfied by the pbotograuer and the fclk was syipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Loxy shipments have been found more easily and this process will be started right way
The pleasure of travelling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are definitely abroad and , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
The most important option to travel is , by course , the plane .
But , even when it 's great that it 's the faster option , you must be very catsfuly at time to get for a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and else , obviously , you have to take a goal .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option , is pick for a train .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the right apt , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the train for some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is traced at all .
Transportation one of the most important things on lives so we have many of for transportation how we travel by car but in the near future it will be more comfort and was eats to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from both to aoluyh in ess rhqb hkir thiz will kazje busjnexx men opy and comfort becaysr of saving a lof of times wjd etots so we hope that ghr government wh aciwfe this eay as wion as ossivle
In modern societies , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
Vkg project could not be finished without co - ooerations .
Friends could be communicated and exchange new ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
Morer importantly , the parents five our lives and they teach us knowledge and skills or bailities to live in this world .
In this case , the facilities played important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as fillows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we actually learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , the families will give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficultids are told to the families , the idea would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to see this situation .
All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
The Comphting Technology has been advancing very much this few years , making the old computers almost yselses , getting better and making the different between all and new computers grow even more with every new hunting .
As we can motion , old and new computers are vaxtly different , starting from the basis of the computerz , all computers are much bigger than new computers .
Lpx computers were used to play one entire room , now , they only have the soxs of a bgiz , even the xke of a book .
You can have a balanced course now , and take it with you to every place your visit .
Like computers only or you make many cooperate , or even long some games with 2 courses ( green and nlaxm ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing vidrogamws , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or jam vijderos , ijevng new stufg to impov the Comptuin Technolby , xns hiy lnlkyh in 2 colors , vtu thuousabd of thel .
One of the greatest arguments of new community , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via their csnpe or Wiuredlesx Connextion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Yet for much
I went to the abanfon house and started to think the best way to make him come miseraboe and passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sure .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he loves at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he got about so as i fontjnuee to go to his house and notice he would always go to the same house so i ecidec to followq gi to the house ame i fiuh kyf he ze dating a girlo dhw night be his girlfrien so i finally bot an ieea , i woyld dikve hgun draay just as he djd witfh me , fhzt sh ne ulp hunl he had lrpblems on gx mind zmd lefg hjim , vujy son i hlugr agluf it zgauj and realized that if i ckx thar she woo tryh to hyelp jim wnjx htdt will be mpew united , so i decided to drive tem both crzzy almost at the gptder of frarh , juw as he fis with me !
But with a minutes am i really so angry to know that ?
Tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my aqjger had flminatd my mind i did not and no longer control over my actions , i was afraid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was ik suffdrin waith a eloq deathg ajf the satisaction i whld feel when i finally ha my revange , the gests rewvahger .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering i had been through became strong and bigger , i had had a decision i was going to do it , if he dewdicatsd 4 yewds of njs life tiurtlring me anr not wanyim me to be happy i wlkd tnd rmer is nesesary fclr him to uaev a midrahle pufed adn i wo nt stpp untul i hbaf acomplishex my goald
I 'm not agree with this new completely .
On the one when travel by car are really much more convenient and give the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issues for travelling by car .
My Favouriye spkfg
I birnt to be a football poxyet .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I saw football on the television I erdeam with play in a big team and in a big fhampionshup like Bsrclssy Premier Laehue , Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favourite club was Benfica and Real Mcri , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the best player in the world , that is when Reonaldo show the Gold ball of 201 .
I play football in a Lortuguwse club called valebviano and we won a lot of games bis xwsson .
I dream in him a lot more legues in Football and with the best championship , the Hwfx Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Urta Chajiponsz League is Cfietiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like but the only real that I do it uardfky is because of my dad .
The dream is that I become the best captain of a big team and earn a lot of money .
My name is Nohny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technplogy .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I kis personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of your football cfkmpetiton when I was student .
I Plnaned many interesting activities for veias to make competitions work .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom comes , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simple to people .
I really try to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their smile all away .
I think that smile is the best gidy in this world .
I am also a heart worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think she is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thank .
Public transportation has been more used by people and over the year it is kind for becoming stronger and also more safe but some people prefer cars to exdtdnt do we agree with and what is our reason for that that is what are we going to demlnstrxtd in this easay
After about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owsjwd cars so in those years there was not any more facility to live from place to other and that is because there was no companies to buy cars in about 10 years days trading became changed snd oso becdame very supported by havijg her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg thjs faqced a lot of probpemsd but ghey werde able to solve it by the end
Nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper but for another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster the when it cpmewa to ttavesling a lo of peppol rpefwrt ruding rhwir own cxr to fd ty fsawl experience hd to ejnoy morr by chilling oht frim rcowded llacss
to summarid it is different from some oneiss opinion to another for rpedict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more haf by the fact cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself esxplzininjg the uncergaoty of public transport in our country .
The conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car company and exponential growth in the same century and sjt also budgst private cars in picture , scdnzfio ddrastically hcangesc in past 10 years
Development of boodiuwsel industry can be a ontrinutoon to public health .
A large lack of information was brought for global development .
Meanwhile , it hoios economic growing and home opportunity , thereby engance Business Domestic Product ( GDL ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does more and one young should be taking after by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
Good warming is huge issue in today 's darr .
Godrnmeng should take online action to stop it or at least make it stops down .
However we the people have respected important part of making our world .
Active and a good gievrjment understand the game of taking care of trees and water and u and much need to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and probably taking care by my city .
Everyone have to plant a gree in front of their home with the type of provonce government .
People are not realizing that buying new tree can reduce the production of money in atmjospbered .
Evenually humans will have no more fresh air to breath .
Additionally , our daily government has prohibited smoking in public areas and idsr 18 years old and provides a free tension of talk or presesntatin to increase the wareenss of clean , relaxed , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so much that it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football game .
On our school or vilkjagd football syadiu you spend a lot of time every day .
Isuwllu will play football with my classmates .
Before hearing you run 1 - 2 kilometers and my legs get a power and my body gets an empty .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
Jix main words must work and work for hard , if you want to their high results " .
I can say , that coach is experienced person .
For so long ho , we are had competition .
The first place was getting by us .
We have afhjwved this result , because we are friendly and organized .
I believe , but in the ftyde I will be a famous football leader in teams such as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Folthall is my life .
I want to gtive fvicw to someone who starys this sport just believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your that typical ?
It 's really nice for your immediately e - mail yesterday .
i regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll gru discuss everything perfectly , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your office in the academic newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plan for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I sasitsed to a bslldy course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of time ago , ohwrger , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to crewtw a dynamjc training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for for this and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had take care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , young and funny person .
That makes me a good candidate to invite the job , or the one for me !
I hope you ksd in much my candidate because I 'm not going to dissploing you .
Best wishes , Juloia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be duffefed by the eohrtzge in demand .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
Because there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is right .
What is the " Faqmliy " meaning ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that has your best friend can help each other and like them .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them part when they use old , but the point is that if you can not sacrifice , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the roipv , I do n't know well az of embed of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like NwwZwaalnd because there are many islands .
By the way , NewZealande has a cold eafber .
In Malaysioa , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and get the future and have a for their own life .
You can also buy a lot of gucts like many cyzins , satfue , or what else memories to be made before getting to Japan .
I did not have to go to NewSdaland but believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I have success , I will go there and bring all of them .
I live in Lenbkni , a small city in Wast Wjcily .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
People fpllecr any kind of running and tgroaa all together in nlac sack .
Although the Council began to plant something , the people were n't committd with the problem .
Around the dig , you can find any places where the people throw rfigo , paintings , " amkzhto " , i things or furniture .
What a lot !
The suburvs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a few laqmw and Eyba in background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
We ever played in the past or we followed about our taste , music , shops , we laugh a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situation that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me a things or they talked vs about me .
In these usarsw I love the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I cerlebredtedd my 15th birthday , only one schedule ajyed to come to my party ; I think that this way was one of the soirest days of my life .
There ogjt I cried because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they learned for me a special birthday and they invited all my vouaihs and together sent to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In the moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I know that that never talk her about me .
Now , my hysbwmd is my best friend .
He is the most important pools of my life .
He has never been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
You like to travel around the world and to lractise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekkuv .
We lie watching TV wwrids and cooking several desserts to .
To sum up , my best finefs are my family , especially , Easter , my svand .
Life of people around the globe is becoming bad and buzid day by day .
A busy life always has to use the faster and more convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation always lag behind omgof cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suotabpr person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am walking about answer .
Hi asmk
How are you ? are you still living in Madrid ?
Next , I started my lesson the last morning and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study hard because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I farfy on studying like now , i will do it .
The lessons are very funny
Dear Sir or Madam :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , wonderful and hardworking person because I have recommended some from
my last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am sualkfied .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Swndd Varrienotz
the tscnplogh have chosen the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life wslect either to our parents or our grandparents life.opr explain my parents did n't watch on tv , because there was n't want tv on the sofa when they were young it is n't tys alone difference : we vqj thnik at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at lwast the internet.id gfanrlarents woundn't imagine a strahgd machij like computer in thrri lifw .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the standard of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use food rules as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , the source of energy does n't always mainly at the constant level , but nowadays it will be run out .
People misy ijc ways to use private energy ourcse like nuclear electricity , gas power , public transportation such as electric also use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will ingrsf more in resesrching the usage of those new types of eberg , travelling like public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be organised to renovated areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcroqded , It all eqx to ajy other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some lerespectives , these problems are over by the best - using of personal vehicles .
People will realize that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for using polluted air .
So the best way for how to travel is public transportation .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of energy to practise his own life .
In conclusion , investmdnts on developing public transport will be incteased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stancer in the future ca n't be eeplaceble
Hello Also , you are you .
After you free for weekend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite him to go with us .
If you are interested , get me at 8 cloi near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Nelen for those wonderful points .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to people in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel Most in the evening went to the each .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instzbility , motivation travel for better educational products and stable environment for younger generations to grow up .
The effects of brsjn rain are that it creates a range of people qualified for professional jobs , economic dtabipity is fafetced as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of British - rubbish should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rqtipnwl pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , revlopingt nations should take control of information ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and also enforcemdnt to support public in a positive manner .
There is n't too few kitchens at the tip of Everest to brexfne easily
Jordan Romero has born 13 when he clkmebd verest in Kayu 2010 .
Mliny Everest is so high that it is very difficult to come .
The town was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashion clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the oarrh with my friends .
They listen to the music and say we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he danxe with his girlfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and xlking in the party .
Another person is Anmgel , he does n't andr in his place .
He prefers yury in your home .
Hello Zomerhign .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in gdrmq .
In the morning I visited the Srcomdayr model school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example there was hiel she is in my class and is beautiful .
I like her look .
She she seemed as the sun .
But she is kgnoddd me .
I hope I can forget her .
Renu for your life
My favourite sport is boxing .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feels me as if I jnh on sirt and the feet do not hardly know the rgoumd between the strides .
My favourite place to this is in the forest but I like to ruh sportive you .
I am likeing to feel the ground uimser my frs is soft so xlfy not the best centre of the footlasthsd in the city of the streets .
The best advice I can going to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to sit too fast but than to actually build up the running week by week so they even see who are running a little more urther and a little jofe faster ans then attrr 20 yeard goiy wjll be an loylpc championm mayhe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to lose the rjgfnt television shows .
If you 're watching Tyoin & Jwrry , it hardly will have any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombur apokxlyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Fer for some time now - so in his eye , he learned not ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forwnsic bioloigsy and I really love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dunamid , sitmulating and , even if it is not well rekunefated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years corehsic bioloibyu has developed many aspects like better sendibipity , robstnrss of results and less time required for znxlyxe a sample , but what struck me most is how fact this change happens .
Television seems to be a ontrogerskal airport .
Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television are both entertaining and educational cynctioms .
It mlted how my educational programmes broasen young children 's horizons in the last five years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great real number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational problems make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possrss .
Apart from educational clmtents , there are so many rolu contents , self advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wroibgv .
However , I believe the educational programs on TV still plays a vfigap role in fact both adults and young children .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time wbi I was here I had had the best possa that I have ever eat in my life .
The atmosphere ermimd the theme of the and in fact the windows are dedxoraring with a lot of hsel and the waiters are dressed pukie sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can stop all together at the same table .
The summer is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenient price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
Both cars pollution trgr with with C solutions every day and contributing to the climate change .
So , if people are aware of this subject would n't need so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the qsuhranve , council tests , and mechanical books , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to ot the ticket , you do n't have to dtive and if the bus or train or sharevber vehicle you use , brings down it is n't you responsible .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than wra .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your rmployee , to serv on your company .
Vwrh plrasedf to be able to receiving your salary pqhent .
Hit psu a little low .
I completed many tasks , including futorint three students complete summer homework , ocrrectint homework diligently aseist the jnstrhctpr , the instructor helped organize handouts , itsead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to cvlewn the vlwsstoom hyvone , very hard , but I bzves nprhjng to compllain sbkyt .
I will run for two months , pay a lot .
Just for what was too much more than I expected , I want a little higher sake , orders of 300 yuan more than the writing wage bxsi .
I advise you to consider the people .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of our against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for security parling and the cost of time , and also maintenance cost .
In both cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
Ibsedad in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because for people would it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his wife Lollh and she had to pjnish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went back to school and he saw his friend Louis which they took a lot and Tom exchqnged a trip for good gooth .
Then he saw a beautiful tie and Becky so went back to here at school and they went into a street garden and Tom kissed Bwfy .
You said to her of another them so she got mad and she itnoredf Tom .
Tom was so dad because did had n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Tom and decided for weeks .
When Tom had his house he went until his house and saw he met Loklg crung for him .
So the next and the people of the town went to church to hear the fujerral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom opened the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Jack went to in 's house to tell him that there is an abandobed house up the mall so his two boys considered like an interview .
So they went to the congratulations house and when they were inside the had voice so Tom and Huck hidden and just saw that Ionnuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two boys knew that he was possibility to stand some money and look people so the boys start the adventures on dtopint Imjuin le ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer her questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurants , such as Japanese " ryitfei " and " iaakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
Recently , many about Wqsy Asaaims have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house and suddenly he left all the bathroom court and went to his house .
so he went back to arah 's house and clrh all the bathroom , but Sarah always knew that he got the bathroom like this so after Michael entered to the bathroom she said : " I think what you orave three " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Juous ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bhangzlore , Ondi .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much because the teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an way about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming ppolo and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , some like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furtremore , I prefer going alone because enjoy younger me or I haven't wait everybody .
I read them because when I was edkevwn my best friends had been operatdd on her back and before the operation he came with me and then and I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the suoaet cleabjmg for long nqis , I hated that !
Lufiipy the opesaryion and fihe and she left to come with me , and since that way I go for my own .
Saik is a relaxing exercise for me and mostly there are n't many people in the look , but sometimes there are children who I do n't like so much because they like duswturbjng me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who did not swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they like it and then they can also swim .
I think that xnde is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a young , it 's more than this .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , eccepr my atupisd cimoaniuons that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for slekng .
When you describe , etc , or act you can showing something to the published , something that 's important for you .
If danger is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
If you are tikref does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up easily for going face , or do dance classes .
You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a time , ti just sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , she has xitedn years now , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
You have a dog it name 's vhesnted , it is a good retriver .
It 's a love trip , he knows how you feel .
My older sister her name cinthya , she is really wrong with me .
One relation is not good because she is so different to me .
All who have a brother his name is now how he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a gilh guys .
Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi x .
Jatew Ashby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
For work in the world to have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some kinds of sweet goods like xipcakoes , cxks , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can ompress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers for attention and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our car is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisess ,
Vee
we think that in the future the poverty will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissppeaing , after that we will be having axr .
In 30 years we will have changed our naromy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pooe will have melted ttoxll .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will get educated because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The technology will have adanced and maybe the cars will be flying by street and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to axise awareness of what is happening and we help the world .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is wadyoer than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , these friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to not talk about it .
If your friendship is rael , you will always come point between your option and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you umdj !
Good day ,
My name is Fiuad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball half of the most beautiful sport ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
1- make me git and healthy
2- coassh that no feictln between plsydfs
3- it exercise all muscles of your body
Regarding the above I advise all rookies to start practice this sport and there will are many benefits .
However , they argue they can practise it as well and they all get the car .
As kinds of village , we totally damage the environment of our village .
Every usbdah , we do a mutual cooporatoon where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they fruit themselves .
We learn the very fast , eat rubbish then we bjrfg rubbish .
While , we reculing inorgnaic rubbish too .
For industrial , we can many bags , with a large stuff .
Then they can help them and get out of it .
The cfeator of the asvfen and the earth , the creqtor of solrs , the one who uses earth tests around it dslg and around the suin .
What we belks as Mjxlima that , we were dreamed by one who did n't have other with think the one who crezte his father ( Adam ) and called them him ( Eve ) and just were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the ere for ty Satan deceive them so thry beougut to tuks life ahd genefztionx csle from them xns had aehty rd orophwt qhd messengers ( Joses , Mewus , Kobamex , others .. wnl tbeg worshio thye same one ) with Miracles xnx evidenmce of hte truth , to gjkxe the peppe to kniw wno qp will rolliwa ybe truth wyofh wull guide to the Paardise xns who foooq othner laths whoch it wkll guide to hgw dlkl . so vracuse of tgxr we ds hdeer to do the tat in tnis ahofy lkfw .
Transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
public transport . da by any too are more than our own vehicle which leads cxrk future of public transport
Firstly . i agree with biven statement that there would be touhgn time for public transportation in bwsr future.bwcauysw people wants privacy as well as freedom which is quite mpossible in public transportation .
Secondly the mode of transportation ckvets
as much as possible of city areas or giwsn which mismanaged rkhtine who travelled by public transportation and consequences generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally can can say that there are various modes of transportation available
to cokmletitikn with public transportation .
Nowadays people have mumeroi option for travelling like many private companies
which play an important role to give both competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more beenift like lower car , private , helicopter and sacd travelling will much automobile companies paying new cars with affordable private which nisiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely tap Vlrgk dgos .
I met many people in the oa .
I have thought about the people of so many places .
In the lesk time in the park is very busy even but the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their club .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other days .
Fampg is the most important ijstoution of school life .
Peter never have his own door and the boss , the father or the mother , has to vujee new etk to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there some generation problems , who do n't understand parents and vicecerss , but dialoging and listening ejotions and face , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to ask to outline lies in social behaviour but also must listen others point of view to ri - arranged and updat your knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his confrigure in family studies .
Recently I saw the thriller of morning aged 2 .
If you want to see that loved , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
His first movies , were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The band of this series , had been wantjng for this movie since then the first movie appeared , this was in 201 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very important to the story of the book ; this one of the first movies that is really made in the book , the tnele is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I ghionl that in the last mvie , thdt wajll ouy doible effory .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cpok to see the kq place looking !
my favourite sport is Kate .
First of all , I buy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very new and stressful day I can deal doing mawratge , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Yraiihg Jarate is a way to face your problems , to bring you tiring room .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with others sports .
Apart from that , Karate it 's just just a sport , is also a discipline , it reach you respect , nature even culture .
my teacher shows us how we have to change with others and he teaches us a lot of things about the Japanese culture .
fcpe someone would start Karate is easy to fillkw the place , so my advice is just just to get jervuod and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today tppjc is technology .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from costumes to making clothes , we use technology everything and everywhere .
Technology is always upgading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development that brand generation is influenced with technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a dream in order to enjoy the competition , he had no money . Fortunately he had a lot of friends who can meet him .
he hpohed me and asked me to lejg him some money to regret the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in working the story after only the spending in writing a dk book nob he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there was a notice on the eoor way yag the onpetition hxz csnxeped , he czks nack ey asf an tolx me anqt happenwd .Michael dlosewd ryw dkor a insa at htaf kmeny he hadf a mierake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the consumption in our lamrt .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the psol lusy me or I ca n't sit down because there was n't any chairs for me .
On the other hand , in the future you would have a bus which haqvih xhyair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Another transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane has a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future should have a bit bit more comfortable .
Niqis19
5 Jsy
Dear x Deinata .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Payras a big city in Sweden .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandakisme in parts has increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is the nad because when some new people visit Plates they see that think .
Poland is a very beautiful city be for jest culture , and for city monuments .
How to see that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain here .
In my opinion the plliec should stop the Vandalisme .
If it have place all around the city nobody will care to do a gtaffiu or to write something or to eat .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jesshka stavros .
All around the world will are waiting for finishing school .
They were eager to find a new life as adults .
But when they reach in - between periods , confused feelings creates their minds .
As a result after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
What you will do in future they are , like in a flat .
In this way , idea of a year for between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a test after the first jrd - time studying period .
Then or eleven users at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which has serious sttitydd .
Secondly doing were over would give the fight students a chance to yfyg themselves in their professional teachers .
All they would have an olprtjbity bit involved in golontuer activity .
And then they might work for when both money or travel .
This year holfwy would be really helpful for education and getting new oows for future education .
Kjer year is not long period .
The benefits after year there will be obvious .
I live in Wab Miguel Almoloywn , this is a billage in the municipality of Almoloyz de Jusrez in the Sare of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they their different actions in the care of this .
People cooldcts trash of their hours and waait the trash gdick that cwrdid the trs to a landfill locatec outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash and there is on the ioksm , the church or in the lrinicpoal lpafss on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to further further information about the English forues .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course are , and if it is possible they are exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cktk , so it would be grateful if you could send me defxkls of accommodation that you offer in this course .
And also , vs how gave me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Lastlu , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before ststtung .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rs .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his he neiyhnoursx .
They are planning to run a very preiius thing from Mjseum tonight .
He does n't have much time to drive from own and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is his town and it is his right not to save them 's history .
He called the people and informlrd about his neighbours through opasn .
Police redaxhex Museik and caught robbers rds handed .
I am believe that there is no future for the public transport , hsibt trade is not convenient and not expensive also to decrease the carbon gases which affect the land , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transportation on the economic and environment , govererlents shall encarge the pdople to use t other ways for transport , yihs subject shazlo be ksuesd in zpl ledia to lesran abr ehcaqge ghs peiple to a he wrjyth way lr teanspot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I told you and my last summer holiday .
I went to Laura Hurdes .
I stayed about one two in the time my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
When I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meadro for more .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful vow .
The other day , I waked a ir and then end the way , we found a weatetrall .
The name of warfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
For wedding day , I had a great time and I felt very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we stayed in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garage and there was a party , all night .
You should visit Mrs Hurdws , It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
And the door are very nice .
English is an international language which become important for the modern world .
In Cboa , English is going to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They used at least one hour to learn English knowledge a lot .
The kids in kindergarten have begun learning szinplle words .
That 's a good phenomenon , but English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think English is eupsrior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , the English is afetd also a foreign language .
it is hard for people to add due to sing .
English can help us read English language words , but courses help us learn a free China .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send out its brilliahces .
Lexrning a country 's culture , especially its class culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our other tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Wollypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for the niub nurguerds .
Woolypooks is a specilakisdt of mine , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to emat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expected to be more fanks , better her biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , there is very small for potsa of people .
In the life we have many things that make us only and make our lives go on .
For example , a peesrht or a gk especially if it from your best friend .
Once , I got all and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite course I have it for .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , with which want to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizens will take the responsibility for specific dw to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and cldzj rree xnx okant molrr of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and full stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is nprriboe have a person behind you all the time , you must have a life , not pass , not a happy .
In addition all peazrsone have the right to practise and to be drsr .
Nevertheless the journalists start all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , day , how is your love life and with whoeger sfxt , if she with something important and what you .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy although the society have a bkame , because if they do not take a photo okye fillows the more of the the people bros .
So then , politicians and vik sfad who have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the race with what they seen .
This is all .
Good morning .
Good for you .
come here .
Het swoj .
Get in to the door .
Best due to the bus .
Let us waakj .
Let us play care .
Let us see .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see the photos .
Let me watch your house .
Let me allowed to enter in to our cabin .
Frogivw me . :
Brijg that you .
being ylass of art .
Drijnl waste .
Best good .
But fast .
wpp shouting . do n't shout .
Let us atj .
Once upon a yule was one little and called Pdnjy , he was really small in computer with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the what and but of the until one day something horrible and incredible happens .
It was a dark night it was running until a big atcofe volcabo expression buried her into the underground .
All of them tried to find a big out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuate tapidph until it began a big earthquake ...
Penny was took ewd , the only thing that he can do is to awur his keep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so that sacred untfkp they find a refife .
Everyone wanted to wjtmess the queeh , but no one did something .
Like they are very delicious and they put out just their ancestors so they can help them in the big dral .
Something that they can also say that the ahkler thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The zcxtofs monitors that watch the ante and the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it got to talk it to his queen , the querh at knowing that she got very confused but at the same time she got lost and she made veenge .
So they make a plan to ioslpay all ...
The next day when they are about to start flimihv for her bj nbrs there so they search for them , but they ca n't come them ...
In that moment the ahts and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
The anfsx win the wqr and they expabd their hbitat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever age !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball every around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the sfxdium to play it .
But this makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Football has many benefits not to me but all everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwim .
Besides , it also helps me feel fit and have a good body shape .
I really crazy
She about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play some new sports ventrw .
I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I tunished it .
baekyball is an outdoor activity .
Let 's deal with basketball is my favorite sport .
With the weepinh process of development and the boojing of population , many agricultural land , forest and pcdesn had been used to destroyed to build more conhstructure and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
To study with , there are a wide range of problems it maybe leading to this phenomenon .
Besides arguments can support that the rokt cause is that almost all the present st utilitys are already apckee with laces of rrzieence , ocjmerce and evaluation and the almost available for new housing development is increasingly scatcs .
Additionally , people now continues destroy more agriculture and flressr in order to datisf all their needs , which will eistory the efowustem sviersit and bioiversith rspecoally the emdangeter species .
According to the problems ablev mehyipned , most appropriate that government be adopted to deal with the problem of all , reading building constructurfe from now on , planting more the instead .
Sustainaqdpe development should be waahessx to all humans and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , that unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to replace before thinking that words and the governments have to take the responsibilities for that .
Nowadays the languages are very important , not like English .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to Lojdkh one course to learn this language .
I had taken that decision because I was tried to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that opportunity I said yes .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produces much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the time developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc opions it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is provided for a person , when the car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or fkve perople .
This has can create many pollution for environment so we have more energy for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Pahguaje , is hard to get to me for the best reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the teachers , teachers or instititee teach , is like the psanidh Language , my native Language .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the being 's in Apabisah Panuxje , just Imaging you the was but not in your antibe language .
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for constfjction program or sentences , the even is written before the subject , but not always , Which is the rhlw ?
Is there one ?
The third reason :
I love to play xivket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is Indi because I believe to this country .
In India , 85 oldest people foolwo cfidkrt .
In 1993 , Italian cricket taken with his first work cvup the that 's changed the eirdctionm of all in favour of cricket and everyone efary to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sport mnqn known to this team .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar known as little mqtsed .
Whenever I play this exam , I always follow this lesson .
His star , Scout , dgors , fnubing between the sivket , everything which is most required in this he is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Ihriam allows follow Sachin for space .
When he was 18 , he played great games from India .
He is the first player who played 200 tests in cricket .
He has many achievements like idstf 200 in our rag exam .
I love the way he was pleased .
For a nice first they have to decide what they can do better , batting or bpwling .
If the person want to become carry the context on rubbish , action , stance and one batsmenb need concsbtration on lf and gay coordihatoon , wyued and bat cxokrdination , discover some shpts which bsvaje key qctlr in barting .
Also watch viddos of some best lladr like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vrwtt Ldw etc .
As health is important factor in the sport so also need to improve health , etmina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for that .
I can have only any advice on television and working in my country .
l wish you will have a good time .
The weather is nheitbe not not cold will hrqr , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in efe .
If you want to travel this town . I can be your guide as I have a year fcred before university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually are here or shopping or watching .
There are many local fopds very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to him , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to buy a big car .
I can recommend you to my wife 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to have a job here if you are forwitn and haven't finished college .
It may take very long time to find a uln and you have not much time year .
You can consider my advice .
My favorite sport is xwoms .
It 's ebdayse swimming is really fun .
Also I think swil can keep our godt city and it can make the people who ewakm feel shorter when it is in a hot day .
She axvifes that I have to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , toherwise they may not earn sej and also the day before older it would be more difficult to leash them the little .
So these are the advice that I give to them .
Dear Good director ,
My name is Sofer and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really glad that I am the person that you are finding .
I am monogkr in the free time , and I am looking for a remporal job to improve my English .
When I have problems for staying in a line , will be clear if I rod you that my parents have a bar .
According to my ag , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as soccer , basketball , ...
Wiaijg for your answer , Eoder
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Otganized shares , where everyone cleans up the viklar .
All residents degrsgate garbage through into suiktablw containers .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , and , in order to not jeopardize our various disasters .
In my village there are tarsh cans , so that no one threw sbris on the ground .
There are special places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone have to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a windx power image .
Recently , also on the top of the primary school were srf the batgerfie and the whole school uses solard energy instead of electricity .
They organise carefully meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wsxysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that polluts the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in their own life is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always well by to get a passion that takes a more time than expected to come of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle routes are more Yes than usual rfput .
Firstly , it is as crowded and no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket lickre .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy bus we can w for the adventurers who want to have an exciting advice for they to see more action .
Like watching oustud or with seeknh , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also wdmide the buhllet train in japan which the consider fast and state public vehicle Peter known .
To make it up I still consider having their own car is also more safe and convenient .
Public future unods they have place to at least lessons the time of travel and prioritid the safety of their parents .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of minefw extraction .
oe details and reasons will be esoabotated in the following paewgraphd to support my opinion .
To wgim with , extrsct the linerla will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sigths on the outskirdts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
Next to you will be , the extractkon of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
This has been an example that the other town is pillute by the process of developing the mineral .
No one can deny that the pollution isu is one of the most important things which should be prfevehted .
Last you not the ldwdt , the general extdactiob will turn out to be profkund influence , especially , to our ovfspring .
To take my friend , Tsulor , as an example , her homelnad was over - developed and become an evil place when she was a child .
After he grew up , she decided to leave and never go back to his hometwn .
In addition , she has no other memory in her vhildhodo .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the military development , many people in our hometown can possibly earn much more more than before .
It also like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not take us any pormise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to general and environment conservation .
In a nutshell , based on the radio and instance above , the cisdvangages of exact the valuable minrral are outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not sybscribw to this decision .
Lijotinb cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fgossilo furlpx used by vehicles cause global warming .
global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ive food melt .
The longer we burry id headw in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , especially while there are not family .
Even if it will afer happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuel , xerfie and so forth .
Buers are more simple - him just like a girl .
And what about them ?
I saw the high train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and the stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fjfth Elemdmy "
Brandon Mwklie
Patliamdnt Yopuse
Calbdra ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Offecd
Farolw Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
Your order for air conditions is incomplete , we apologies for the ihconvejiemce .
We have donscinecd of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air consumption before the gelwphone conversation with the escretary to confirm your pudxhjase .
Because your prtdwr was confirmde at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could find 5 pieces .
Some the unist were sold in invrntory but your purcyzse indicates that 6 pieces are crowded , do not worry about it , we will send you the remqininmg unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep plrrefrring us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Mapageia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considered person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
During my school , I like to play colleagues and i 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and paintings with others school .
This is my favourite sport .
During my elishde time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook variety of food new dishes .
I enjoy the church was oily hands in the kitchen .
Since reference to the above , I will need to apply the Summer Cajp job with my fullo commitment .
Contempoeary Art is a very contorgersila ksuss nowadays .
There are many sources and crsators , as well as rhekesz .
It is well known that many Qftg customers and Aditsgs believe that Contemporaqdu At is not a good source of art , since there are many actors that only create based in their waste idea of an adstehtic image or a philosiphicxo idea , but most of the times this is unintelliigble .
Although the most expensive are also being the old , like Picaso or Greux .
Nowadays a lot of empty art lives are being sold at quhctions around the world , for extraordinary jobs prcia .
Experimengal Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanty has seen a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an indity of information available at any ovem time .
With this stayf , we now have an idea of np actors created .
The sports days were held on Kwso Vhuinhg Splrts Hroundx in 12th and 13 the November .
That wetehd was partly ooudyu .
I got there by MRt .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. The year I 've found the 100-mertw race .
On the first day before the sports day beginning , we have the oklenjng center .
The athlpstic representative asred the gotcy and we want the anthem .
After that , the waste data grgazn formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grass C 010-lstee race started .
There was a found thing when I went to the laeshal .
The teacher called my hame for twice and he told me to stand different places .
So I know that there was someone who bmr projounce was was me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I uetd my hohsematse looking and for and passing my face .
The feel are very comfortable and make me feoy relax .
At last , I got numbed 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a bad result , I 've already done my best .
At least of the day , our school announced the msrm and four houses have got .
My house has the number two temporatily .
I feel hipeful and wanted my house will get the change .
On the same day , my classmates asked me to take part the Internet - class real rdw .
I feel very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the rxxw .
I implidatew my class from nininf the company .
At past , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the chaio in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not crrectg .
We should use of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollution and unfortunately we are having the environment and the world .
It is the hdet that all people go to the place walking for running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a way , ibciouslg , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
This is common - debard that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of our country , but of the whole world akong .
Whethere tourism has have a positive or a negative impact over our lives , it temaknx cause a room for the ignoranfs .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Secondly with the development , the ability of travelling has sasenex to such a scalew that it is now quite common to communicate from one country to another .
The existecs of multinationals is well connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalization , once a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Blugariw , in which the economy reliew merely on tiurizm .
If tourism influenced the economy , it therebvy influences the environment , and if it influences the environment it influence the transport . How become more useful at their historical sites , this way oresergign them;Transport is developed not at a small and a large scale :
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and others work to teach jmoortaht places more effectively .
At a large cause , people can like travel in most any possible way : on land , on wa or air .
Through the development of tourism were both tourists and their vacations .
One upon a time there was a tivee who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daugnters .
The first was the main time Xjsnda of 25 years old , the jerdrrs killed her parents , because the uetdere were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they will them .
The tyger 's boyfriend was a long nzkes Hihj of 27 years old , his best wife because in a fonglict with that animals , he got an infrction .
Not will fit because some things or someone can out of the kwf and stop it in a xabd few other animals rzf her .
They did when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened so he went to all the parts for see them even he walked and walked down at revrrsw but he never found them .
The 3 changes were so different and other .
The first one was Xmahda just like her mom but she is a chewtahu .Xhe has 9 years old who loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
More is of the ones that tend to make something enforcing .
The swvon duaghtrr names Elisawbth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the saughfwrs .
The 12 later out .
Another animals give them reaard or onuse because she discover that she was loquie .
The last daughter was An who was the younger of the family is a jwgura .
She stay sleeping in the sea and drinks anything all car .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
One they know why with Anna she gave her an incentive for being an zthlete or make something else than stay meeting .
The end .
Hello rfishd ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returned to home I saw a mistake with some advertisements .
There is a ice glag near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to pass her for only this year .
There are a little iitcgeh , a great berrook , a bathroom with warm but without and and a good living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you some clothes because now there is a really volc weather !
Aits me soon
Akesdoa
Hello Rdoley , about the question you asked me in your letter , it had been hardx to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
One night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
You huge class xinxs you spend been years for and you already know how to play learn , so I think that you would continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still play piano without going to the classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is good , so when decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Life , Ines .
Hey my name is Jow and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think you would vonplimeht the summer from very good , because of my good manner and very older for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nursw at the local hospital and you can do everything as a doctor fan .
So if the kids is going to use themselves , then you can find them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and anwller injuries .
The most exciting part of my life was the 3dx of his , pretty years .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I read John as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the etc .
When I started to read the tasks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and was the best .
But when I finished before this time I was happy and scared .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
And that is there .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
ongratulkatfions your swistrrt for your prize .
I would like to go to a new art sports competition , although in my city there we n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd had a lot of time , I 'd already spend the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents were skiing with me .
At the beginning I went to the children and they taught me skiing .
It was a lot of time , because I could not it .
At nine o'clock in the daytume my parents told me and them and we drove together .
My father took me between his knhieds , because I could drive without fplinb and it was fun .
When I was older , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should lean smiling perfectly like my parents .
Later when I was 16 years old , my friend did there .
I had my first snowboardlesson and I lbec it .
I took every free money to feed somebody .
That was the story why I go showhlarding .
I enjoy working , because you feel there when you are driving down the ipwtre .
You are like a hd .
It is the way feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a slv and the work is perfect .
That is everything I want to hear and i 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowbizrdihg or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other things .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck to and new animals .
It had been a very long and frikng day , but Tom felt he had achieved something that good .
Suddenly , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
his parents were worried and called her a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly
Everything was early .
She lost her work and the first thing that did was the bosfk sky .
A dark sky white sars .
She got up and looked aroundx .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to atie conscuousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She has to them at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the first thing she remembered is that she had been sleepkbv and then suddenly woke up when the windpe openef with the wind .
Have tek sleep again , did she ?
If she did , how she mahage to walk until there in her spwrp ?
If she was n't aware , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation it was really fustratign not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She knows her day even in the dark ; she has given to this sport a lot of time , specialky the past few weeks .
The development of human oihd in technology is eddn everywhere .
In spite of transportation technology , in this third first century we have various options like Plan that can the with the cloud , that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hours of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than anciwj time .
Although compared to ancient times we eat much enough that we have all these options .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
There are three reasons to choose them .
First reason is its speed , compared to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can take toussnd of hours in a couple of hours .
As a result people can save their time .
Second is wafegg , compared to other the chances of account is less .
That makes it safer to travel by laned rather than the train or boat .
Third one is cljfrt level .
Poazb is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plane will be my first choice in all of three kinds of transportation .
The reason being my choice is work , sawgey and concert travel that make lkan as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to learn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attend the high school .
The young people want to euecover the world and tdavdkling to reach places which would be jmreachzble otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Gurda and its name is O ykño .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
The wqster was very cold and I could n't call , then I played football in the end of the beach .
I took the eunm a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I stand a revreshmesnt .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
No future and a public transport ? is this ckasm or no ?
klo we see on our roads the public transport after 5 or over 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting questions
You think that it will depends from the development .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
But , i agree , if you prefer the travelling for a long time and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , cose firstly you prefer less time , you travel will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where azjr df a ojgh tojs , as you need .
but if we are taking that travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
You think that this is the reason for every nd , and the answer ca n't be either for all , csus , someone can use public transport , and economy by the not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to see p.t . , cayser they soend mkre yilw fot trvaelkin or fueh zilple do n't liek to travell with amothrre peopoe .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of oassaner
Hello Lzx ,
Thank you for your reply .
My name is Mhomaed and I am 28 years old and from the kjhgdom of Japan .
I go to YM and run on a daily basis to keep in sbas and good health .
Looking forward to hearing more about you .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to dep most environmentally jolm - polluted and food for all .
In order to atgaon the fak I have to take stores and actionz to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in the public place .
increasing the number of cars for lpantx and punish the person who cuts them .
estankishging the gaftoties pustdie of the village .
prlect the water sources and the sew .
guide the people and giving them of information , details are guideloines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant for members is " elloh " I go there every day and the different food from any restaurants I 'd like fjixken rciapy with garlic sauce It 's excellent choice for me and My favorite sport is skate and in order thar desesrt I 'd rather " Fadge " xake wht vhocolate sxce I frw I;m at ease ahej I go thrte I rnoy xlaseicsl music over haviny a lumch bapit rge sesrvice It 's fwty vood zdn alk staff tr rsepsctzble I ca n't imagine one wwl withoht going yhede tnat drivez me nmyta I adgoze any pne to go htere znd enjoyh a time thrw , aksl rnis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene felaoy It 's excelldnt This strkiingly thkjt vkd anyone despys xll of these advsntagse prices are noy expensive .
Vklleybzll in one of the most difficult cities in the world , you should put your body in the correct room to take them all to the other ones in the game .
I been twelve years doing volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I was chosen to say with a group of girls older than me , they are good , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball was my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be dear and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the ubibrrsity .
You should try practice ist so funny , but I advertise you , is not wash at that , but you have to intent many time like you should do in life .
In weekeqys , I get off from my room at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any uojrwork to do .
I am not a high fan of sports so I do not play xn .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Michael woke up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
The movie was about a competition .
The competition is about write stories .
Michael was experienced because he is great writere and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story aluy oiatds looking for trexsure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to enjoy the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the pots office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and ddfeds .
Yes , i think TV can entertain and educate , because they are many xkedy .
But there are a lots of educate channels .
I think historical changes are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Comediesw are so funny , so then you are sure you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of the public transport .
Different experts have laws about this question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , ons people usually prefer to have their cars .
Public transport usually is rsstrected with d timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to live themselves when they need .
But the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people mahbe is going to determine the most use of the car than the public transport .
Sduswn is a little broken .
Her skin is colored tx and green , red does good of the ffene to be more precise .
She oers that every day after school .
Of course , she has also a little brother .
His dii is colored red , must like the vatghner .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about you 's mwq in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organisation at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was younger something like sport .
My work consusteddc of making less advertising , providing all tickets , food for muiscisns and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my brother and we were there together .
When the coderr finished , we went to clowkrlon to get pictures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the closkroom for the signawyurss , but only me and my sweet boyfriend got them .
People were so nervous ... I loved it!It was fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a cu effect !
All to see you soon
Johm
The advertising is everystir .
There are cars in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many are on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true just one programme or series which we use , have a lot of mentons to products or services .
There can be people fired of so many qdvdrtising letters but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be abnounced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the message on this way .
In addition , behind one qxd there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one area there are , for example , the public 's work , the companies investnents , future xles , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adsd in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite reason of this year is summer .
Why am I making this choice your gallery town qxk , I love syb and good weather .
But it is that that during summer the temperature is very old and you can rarely stay near the sun because you fijihs not be born by the sand .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having sumbarhing with my friends rather than getting fun with them playing volleyball or run inside the water of the sea !
I think some activities are very interesting and they make you vorvef about all the thousands of summer .
Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The some oilours of flowers with the sunshine are fvabullus .
Dear USA WYMMjER CALPZ ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of children you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , because I do n't miss hard work and I earn quickly .
Well I 've just got my CCE certificate this year but it would help me a job if I practise my English in a native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organised and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself daily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would jwdt new psople wbx a different culyure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tedsa Wuslcji
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
It was really important for you because he was training for 5 months years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to elebeate .
He invited all his friends from them and made a party .
Tom asked Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was freaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hated that she was always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to make it up .
When Mel came she looked forward .
And when he saw her , his eyes started to beating faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Tom looked early at Tom , the said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and apoligied her .
He said he was denuk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her fodehyea .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never died like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of the life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something and was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mdl has lost the baby .
Tom had to have a hard decision .
But life was going to change .
She was crying all eah and Tom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Ks and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fsylt that they had lost their little hyma .
Glicung in the wafsa
Even if I am not a fan interested in tdainiugn , the sport I feel prefer to dance is swimming .
The sdnsatkon of being embracd by the water , fsepung the body skating without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the Janeiro , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in all because I was n't able to swim at all , as I wanted to peqr .
I have been raking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
If you are not a good simjer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movement , but it is a very eelscing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before going , because is really simple and it can have a lot of satisfaction !
Your effort will be practiced by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Ijtroduvtioln
This report will examine the different actions we can do in our series time in Castrpldefelse .
·Sctivities to oill time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean oawt and for the Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , many groups or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the sand or canoening and xauatid skating on the Olympic Cqzl .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive r .
However , I could recommend them , especially gkd sloety , advshtudous and young people .
·Otjsr has to have fun
In Casgelldfeels , there are the activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zkb maztetlass , high beach , rumihg ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are luxury groups , rhearre ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canmw and the beach , but their ucfews is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , funqllg I suggest that it would be a great idea to communicate the different types of activities , both popular and the newdwt .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Csstelldefels !
Hi ajns ,
How are ? .
I was happy to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you you best way to arrive at Seapoy .
You will come to the Red aitppet , for ? .
Also , the sport is located just outside Deus , it 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than the a rasi .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
When you get off the bus you should also spend for the spring Saturday .
It 's near there .
You can come to my house .
Moreover I went goj a map in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce wvens .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mzr
Dear Srebio Gxfía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , interested in the " Ibstituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz " .
I am particularly interested and I am xojpdtent to apply for the list of Chisf of opwrations at the the underground project Chiquicamata .
In first place , my abilities and professional skills seem to visit the requirements of your Fompamy .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great lroect requires .
I am also keen to see the oerations of the project responsibly and through a time work to achieve the objective and to continue with the peestihe that your company has .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the orivileve of bdlpnging to the " Minrra El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operatruohs at " Linefa Andka " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO products .
I really appreciate your time and dknsidetation .
It would be a pleasure to eisxiss personality why I am qualified from this position .
I expect a lrompt response of the Copqjy .
Without further ado , I remember yours .
Guillsrml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinztionsl companies that need people to speak the languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign languages have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , are more beefiys , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without competitions .
Finally , learning another language gives them the ability to talk under the mind and context of that other culture .
Toraw globalization is bringing the world more vlswe , that means that there are more possible to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetrt , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspects , so if you have the position of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao zvenhe nº2
oe Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 21st 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to explain about a recent pqckage I received on Monday last week .
I ordered the batyerues modsl 00255 because my mobile needed the kind of nature , but I have only received one better from 001212 .
One month ago I orrerdd two batfwries model 002545 on your mobile website .
I have a mobile model Nlji 1214 which needs battries model 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am a bit boring because I need my movie to work every day .
If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem I would like to reduce the baftreies by course post .
The lovely efrir has been made by yourself , so this time , It should be set wf for xelivdry .
If I do not hear from you with the next two days , I will be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my bils still does not work .
I hope to hear from them soon and change my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of this report is to evpuate both bad effects and good effects from the users in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
First , people in tha area have actually foundr a xuitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , than which was held creatively and effectively and have been educated for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the usdta in the law hours and the guidefs are everywhere and eeaet give a help .
However , only one thing that we disliie
With the luroose to actdact for people to join in the club , besides oy good pointd , I will highly recommend that they should organise the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to vaoi the problems
This is a diagrams introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Desbin the bank notes was the first and indispensable step .
People should decide the background place and the artwork while they need to consider the security issues .
Then , skillwd machinists would prepare the metal platex in order to go to the next step .
The first section is to learn the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 big tds per time .
The plane will present on the both sides and every mltese has their unique mk also the miagwx will be light raised .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is onspec the quality of the printed sneds .
People usually digxed the qjwlijty into three parts : Good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As the good quality sheets and potential damage sheets are still good , people will cut them separate and lsxk them together in order to dispacting and dxitriburing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are abr , they will be treatesd as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the program gives a quite expliciut process of making bank notes .
Although it seems to be easy to make them , but every person needs people to be very careful in order to promote the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PlLACE TO LIR
Begiibgs
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Manager , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to think how he could hear better our lives and he found a solution .
A xlncerned polustion
Wbie youngsters use their time trying to the concerned the latest people from the village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - and people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the fpoopf of our public place making a more attractive place to live than we jsdde to have .
Dasy recycling
Local authorities nlepedc this initiatifd creating some places for people to lpwave their rubbish in order to be taken to the eefycking center with the purpose of giving a new place to our waste .
Thr resultx
As a result of this aitude , and Wofres has this great idea , we enjoy one of the ckeajesg villages in the area .
People now are eprrked about the future of our planet and an association has been dreatdr in order to lromotd the qee of our planet , Green Planet is crowded .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello his Blajco ,
I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " Ms Ckouf Gejdration " programme .
So we need your h with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with five years of experience in similar odojecst , who are ehginewrs and also have a high team work skills .
We all choose that they have special studies in Clpis technology , and foreign management .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that prodiles so , we could accept people with one heqre of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Renebmer then I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of The Cokud Genertion should have , and please tell me if you find more different requirements that I tell you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo ueda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do the you remember when I told that I had been helped at a concert ?
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You possibly wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem nwnc , I talked to the end we had lunch together , they 're very nice and . Because of helping them I was the best place during the concert and I have their characteristics on the newsdtg eedird . I did n't ha many duties ajf nophe of tbesk wwre unplessan .
In general I had only one dcuty that is chwxkkng qyssr sport , but that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a great pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
Dolinioa
Eeport :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the xet course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
Thusu were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
Second , the teachers are really good skills to teach .
They managed to enfiurage all of us every day .
This way we made the money of us and never yabd up improving our English level .
Thus , phonetic owsses chefuled on Friday can rally in hansy .
They helped me to peomounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been with pactsing .
To sum up the relief just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signibb it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Msn Orozck
I am keen on cinema that I love to watch all types of tea .
But , what films are in my Top 100 lzt ?
In my opinion , seen is a fantastic film with a dtsmatic and fhrillin stprylin that is a lot 10 next kvirs .
I really enjoy it because the plot is oirginwl and it gives different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the students are very relaxed and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Bqne as its message will move you .
It deveals that our favorite carries the bhoundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rs year of the faculty of medicine Porttr - Eif University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Uudco for the last 11 years and a lot of ofizew .
My jobbkes are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am also a lot of oursess and training in this field as I wish to be one of the greatest resources in the world in addition to becoming a member in World ealgj Orgaqnization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I feel used to make this dream come true .
The two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water puirvication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I choose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know new and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Aloah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel that I have the role in my town so I can do anything for people .
One of my holidays in the life is to invent an effective fight for our the incurable loume cxacnee , AODS and holidays .
I asked just many times what is the way of our life ?
And what are the benefits of work way status ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be xeserved from everyone to work so far and achieve their hopr .
I learnt from research that you can do everything in anytime in addition a little can change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspore me feel tb cpmmunity sdrvifes snf deevlopment my society as I hope to come gack qne faech oyhers what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the lots of you as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the past .
I am a preacvhkol teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself this pareitn and fun but in my opinion , there are two qualities gibhly necessary for this kind of job .
I am very good at working in a geqn .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great wars .
I really love being with people will be time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Onstead I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and active person .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum interview with my believe number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would be really appreciated it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for private owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although lrovately pnd cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset than in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the danz of transport of the future .
Most people today eeapizr that in our cities and in our planet there has an increasing problem of ace and pollution .
Carbkn baxsed helx will not ast fresh .
I would say the most probably private cars are not " sustainablew " in the long ysrm , and it will be necessary to recover to some sxldt of public transport .
The population grst flrecst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a stqggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to see a future of technology people moving around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there are no helidiptere , and not even cars .
Systea and local countries will have to tackl the problem and provide the public with a current alternative . T
The price for independent transport will that deamatically .
I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice more trains could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this esmester , students are yawninbb and do not pay attention not the teacher ; whereas the teacher are for the scene , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last summer .
Students could receive a better , more fetjcient education if they spend 11 months a year studying party because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , owrtly because of only vacation will let study used to have fun instead of study , ajc psretly bexause of zon difficult coutses should be contijually studyinf .
Therefore , I enter with the statement that students could recrive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and drxil will be used out on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general cinsensus , students will together the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of our America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the weekend .
It is very wasting time and not efficient .
One to go would be , students get used to twlxa by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the srmezte starts , students can not get ah from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joygflu that they had heard poqyng attention on the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continuously studying rather than having kong a hdeako time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on acorementilned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 ninths a year studying .
My favourite sport is the soccer .
I enjoy this some since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherfiotsd this love for the soccer .
I played soccer in different frams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all program .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyzed the rock team and we cohosd a atfaregy to win the match .
When I play and I feel nervous but my parents give me more unconditional sport .
That is priceless .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big possibility that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever eports .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it brcomes .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally I admire that you enjoy playing this always skills .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niawgwra Fwlls .
something that makes me happy away to see my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to ena Uoro city .
In the film I was very happy because I received a lot of roles .
The fifbt was approsimatly for hours where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my home a waiting for me and I gave him a high hi .
We went to lphh island because there he lives .
He hzev a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousins " Angdo " who lilksw just like me .
In The York I were so cold , I also went to new city that never sleeps , Manhsan .
My uncle had the awesome way of going to Niayara Fallz .
We went in fact and it was about 8 hours long .
Vinakly we arrived to Russia Falls city that looks like a bhjist place .
It does not have too much to do but there were the falls .
I was amazed of how how were the falls .
They were incredible amazing and beautiful .
I take too big photos because you do not visit places like that everyday .
something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My umvld English lives in United States of America and I was ready to join him because I like him a lot .
My voysin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not send me frecuentlku and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visiting awesome places as Niagara Fallx and Gomd Sqze , rscievint a lot of presents and special and a lot delicious food .
Most students students to Universities are one of the ic where they used to live , so , they are an afcommoadtkon to love through their study hears .
And universities provide cheap accommodations such as , share films and eormitories to their students to loesrt the living costs , where all students have its income .
Other students who may have family financial support present to give an apartmsngs to live independently
Shariny housesw or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . sagng money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitoroes because monthly payments will be less than four times than hirion an apartment , sjd because it qull be xloser to tj hiversity , savig money qc tile is nlre efficient by feduding ytansportation 's costs
In spige all these benefits , I prefer if I can - to live in an apartment where the personakty is very important for me .
Many years ago , I whared a friend in a room for few months during a ocudze outside my country , those days where I worked during my life , he was rich , speaking luxury all time and did not share the beauty of eating . livomb alone will graht me gue freedom to jver by the wewy that I choose s sfoll friendly wkb xll the others witjptu exceed fj pdigacy of my fiendd . this kwtetr wilk nly cahieved shsh livihg in shared oms .
They annoying me
Although The general government which is decided as a role of SeA has many benefits according to reading laasaye , the lecture believe that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the gereraoism which has more likely for the students to have their own duties according to their needs , is not always you for the lecturer where it may create all confliocrs between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some dtqtr admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the drsding passate claims that even the federal government let each state contribute understand , it still control on the main decisions .
This causes causes some problems where the lecturer mwntjoned the fairies of their government to stop personal omjmigratikn to USA through Nevada dwser .
also the control of the general government is the reason with each of the sstw and the general blamd each other in the increase of the importance in some states
In conclusion , federal government agicy are feedom and powerful , achieve many problems such as no single polic and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exiting and important at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frudratkng moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get home with travel company and enjoy science goods instead to critic about slicy abroad .
People say that in every village the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrive , get away to the fruaftation of an unknown place , get along with the trip company , live as a traveler and arrive only think .
In order to ejlt a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a member to get zkome with ihs or the ocmoanjon .
This minimal change would make a big difference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to eat alone with your travel company could enjoy each moment of the trip , rxchange some pictures , eat rotetuer , and visit places with common interests such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that who for emxicxj food .
Nexicsn food has a lot of tasting dishes from different syastes of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times voyls get angry with the effects of people that the Mexican people used to how to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ask for studies with lower people .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less people and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advices for visitors that coming to my country : try to get home with their company in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexifah for because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and evwaled first time in August 29rb 1969 , social media Sits ( MsS ) is the next most efficient innovation that has partyl rdplafed for facd to affe communication .
SMS such as Facebook webx out 700.000 messages , and 10.00 Geets are published on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Surprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or ZJS in general , are not likely to be their own personal projects that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on engines and devices of Facebook and Rwsitfer , and also contain potential future of these miplications .
Conunicatinf can be achieved , rwgardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of being from being connected glonaloy to Facebook and There is that messages can be transmited almost knstantlt to cieqers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their ideas are in an unplraswnjt world , and in where their negative feelings are exhausted .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to travel in touch with daily activities from friends , making observstions of relationships , maintainingf in 's own feelings within the network ( through wall ootss , points , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qukmn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook sfew interview we with others by sharing their lives , and receiving responses .
Firstly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication role in business .
knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintqining relations with other exciting members , and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
( Emsdsld Groyp Pubpishinb , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone you they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by ollowing famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are lost by them .
However , due to this , people who are being ofllowsd , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a big potential of being more aggressive toward someone .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are really efficient , therefore everybody can easily Due as a public option .
However , information which is accepted on Facebook or Gwitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily Due as a good option .
Mostoy Facebook uses expect their friends to response or put attention on what they are doing .
In fact , along with qgreesble and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even eacizy comments .
First of all , people can psot any racist comnentw which tqryet a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunbgee and was released , a ts posted an oknset racist tweet that said that they were unhealthy because one of the main actresses was played by Black person ( Rauch and Schunz , 2012 ) .
Because of the internship information through SME , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cyls - badgering , ctxle - syalkn behaviour ( Kirshnx , as cited in Wkllixmz & Mdrten , 2008 ) .
For example , Klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distufbvibg a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competert to stand trisp on chzrges of stalkikng harassment , rewpassing and yelepykne jsrasment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Secondly , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , has erplace fracv to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more from or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without name to get watch other alpeatancew .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a service , rather than have to call them .
The posaiblg oyrcoimes might be the more time people spend on LE , the most environmentally skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative oclmebts or posts , Facebook and Twitter could omporvr their future to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , conjtrilling what posts should be ddnt by addimg more ltvacy options .
However , despite the uswrujl of these implications , people should pay attention that acsbook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it lots of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that problem and communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
All people can easily reduce their negative mood by syaring and dxpdessimg how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwidre , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possivlh , users might express aggfessife toward each other , because of all of privacy .
Phoyography classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly kndluenced by social networks like Facebook , Unstagtam , Ointefesr , etc .
Phktograpus are included in all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photigrapg is part of our daily lives , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthday , tgracels , special ocassions , etc .
As a new ciloegw subject
This practice is considered those activities that ahgons can do without any kind of social pfeparwtio .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the lomenr of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both akukls are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the sqk level .
Yyd reasons
Their series show that in the last thousand years more than 3,000 photographs were than most persons in the world , especially in the most generations lives and kids ) .
This increase is related with the ovefshelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , xwllphones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of esplwcisl skills , tdchniqies and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today !
Shwr a wonderful day ! There is an Aoril noise and finally spring cake .
A hrjght sum is shining , the whole jeltdf away in amcru .
The first spring bid grow back from the warm countries .
They are sinhion funny and singing their head .
People look forward .
They are feeling firec after a long snowy winter .
We se not pay forward on hour in March .
The summer was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and longer .
We usually set our cooks back and hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one our life .
Hpkeh as a life style
Although some sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
Why are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
You think that your life style will love you ?
All you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have bojs of some requierjents ?
Fehn ij old hockd is the asset .
This is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a great way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in some words ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has been a huge day to me .
Why will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Nobody will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
So all searching for the different sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best tranepry metro for environmental afe .
In spite of some people not enough money to buy their own day , elecri and hybrud cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use or diewssl ) so , people choose their pbds and that 's because population is several issue that we have to deal qktb .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , then ikdre the ancient people .
The government and many countries are meazuring the O2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for orodeucing goods for the social consideration .
If people do n't use public transport , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the cestiny is hard from the place where they live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developer countries .
I think the government will xpow down the rate in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
In Doslaea City Costa , people are all informed about taking dwrd environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of our citizens , for example , the children learn from school how to separate the past .
There are many ecological ilsajds .
Each of them has three or four oionds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaognjs to olang trees and to clean the ficewr Jarajz side .
Nevertheless it is never enough , because love 's knows that they have more of the blue .
Since 2008 , there are many bomes paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to value them cars and they will decrease areas air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and lastoc the power waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment cars is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their trust of making money without thinking of the factors .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the pride is worth .
We live in a cityagd and we have several giba which are vlssifierd according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we rinj an krgznizstion weapon and people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
My sister teqchew people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or apees .
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people and following her !
It shows that the kind of things can have a secret life .
As soon as the last ribdd and the southern gopfder of Egypt is here .
The Hipd river is the problem of the increased Egyptian civilsation that clunts over 6 thousand years .
All stories , researchers , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of the most civlijzation among the bute dessert Sahara .
All over the time the Nil is the only source of water for Egyptknhs .
Furthermore , elevation of the qatdt level on the river helps people to believe the possibility of expanding the area of fertile pancsw .
The Egyptians called their country ' Gpadk Land ' to make it out of the dd soil of desert .
Nowadays , deel and wide variety of the Bolke become the more important transport all th Egypt .
Through the celebrities people have needn exploring the nature of the Nils .
The ajciwng Egypt divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or serr period .
get more when it will be the ' Green Nil ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilozatioh has the negative soee as well as positive .
The greater amount of dxms were built on the rice that caused the dixappwxring of a lot of ponts and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water argrry of the country and hardly can find the clear water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt loves developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problem that our lives .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Djomlk , in Mikaho .
But the Dyono is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseum .
Gif chturies this building and been the yhmgol of the city .
It quite amazing , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who xlm every week .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Russian emperor .
It was used for show with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Moreover many cars were presented in order to celebrate Roman army .
It is done through the age , but more people understand his importance and take care of it .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our faditionsw , which we should n't forget .
However not only people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people forced in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this fact mivijg and transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily igong .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Firstly to raise the benefits of public transport it is cheap and enjoyable for all claes of people in society .
Fwriery of buses are reoease by the government in order to net people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a time where and no price are some of the disadvantages .
Sumilafy travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , not to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy our privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Tzupe is too crowded .
There is no denying that the MRTf in this icy is such a convenient transportation system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a young person who has no public awardeness at all .
They obviously too many sides , including priority aspects .
Furthermore , most of them are sutdemts .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that provides the way to eloders is also a problem .
Priority say , are prevented to those who made , but not elders but all some adults need it .
Secondly , not one of them can uph identify whether their bodues feel uncomfortable mertrpy from their appearance , which lead to someone misumderstnsing between them .
Some people even how them sure they occupy the same instead of offer the seat .
Moreover , some old people would take this cvonsiderxtive action for granted and they would even comkznr young adults or students over their way without others !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize expect that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public means .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , dancing , news and films
TV nwa mycn benefits :
Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can acr as a catalyst to the kids creating - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or dradiny authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational progfamming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Now , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other courses and people .
Documsntaroes can help develop critical thinking about society and the words .
TV can help introduce you to classic Hollyueooe films and foreign movies that they might not other see .
Citurap programming can open up the world of music and and for young people .
The television have all negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television have less exercise .
In addition , these fhipdfen provide less socialization with their children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with comsuktung and aware of financial products and services to an international bank , in the kaws - market and small - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from afquisirikn to the sfviae until the realization of contracts , vilding and maintinknt rdationships after - awlew in the zin of customer satisfaction
I also worked with parties and small trwls in back - office , managed many administdativd activities related to mortages , personal oxns , contability and ijvssfments food .
I worked for several years to the acqhisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , invextment products , personal loans , revolving xfedjt , and varied - seplin products .
In many years of work I have hpn my skills in many noin - standard situations , achieving the problem , funding and omolementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , anzlyaong the problem , hunting and improving practice and rqsyh relations .
I have faced several situations always work with sdenmity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a difficult and dunaim .
I 'm cardfuk to meet the vlaps of the tram in which I work , cooperatn with colleagues to achieve the goal by pdoivifing my skills , always willing to learn , rsepecfing both lots of time and finding whs to deal .
I worked for the same orage company for 25 years , this is the time to change and find new jmolh opportunities .
Nscs to work my business has been living in Sweden , I want to find a new job in Poland to renoin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , ding and swimming . I 've also got the real project , I worked as a lofeguard in the summer studying for the often dark djcr master
Nowadays we all goods , that public transport can move the world .
When we can all the cars in our yrasd , when we are in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immjota traffic jams .
But , probably , this situation is only period of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in these splhears .
For instance , Google reporred about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
If they all ocmtavt each other and use Facebook or something like this , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to against traffic jams .
it all people all the idea of Goglemobile .
Some people think , it might take about their influence .
The mode of people think that it is not so many iwz , because they will be able to dink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who downstairs to be a driver anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of wopl can most impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
How many languages do you speak ?
Have you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is now more important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons which ask you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
Also , for finding a good own opportunity , the business exchangw is increasing in the international level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it are some vskus on your people and you can get a huge salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know uye culture , get to know a different culture and society different than your 's , it enrices your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more msierqblpe accidents happened around the world .
For newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing sevsreoy .
Many scientists ifddr that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' growth .
Humans always deserve to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forgert to protect and cgeksh the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and land to build high buildings .
Various gadtorfies any xfessivs action dioxide into the air .
All the examples about the temperature and and the Earth uottyer and botfr .
The higher temperature enhwncs , the wsrf the main quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphaajs on our long lives , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to the climate change , the weather is so cold that people could even have a water shoretages .
Not enough water supply , people 's body will become warm any roigh .
In this living situation , instead of lauhtwr and happened , there can be more fibht , ntardd are swness .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brigbtnss .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the gymams ' unatisfjrd heart .
Friends , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The underxveredc work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really ranfed is if you get disappointed .
When people now that they are dedeived , that they trust are broken , these will stop .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The reason for the case is the way to survive .
It is just something that I had to do , nbi you , nhto jed , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has cgse me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifestyle assistanec which I saw dacertiaed .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming hiup at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this sport , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand I completed the fitwt aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have learned and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should rqude further information .
I am available to attend an interview at our convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebasrián Hernábdex
In our modern world , many people are suffered from stress that sprjv from our conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workjplaces and they want to prevent from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be sz that bolidays are the best option to rehew the oil and revive the private for people .
In holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more rules with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
For example , walking in the sesaods or swimming in the wea can be dlptul to dokrgvet uwrd its conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experience about life .
People can provide their decisions in holidays more accommodation and helpful .
For instance , in stdedscul life conditions people can make bad xecidikns for their future .
Besides , people underestiamt emitriona feelings in their workllaces .
The reason is that people must cpmplate their fasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that never were for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go zarced places in order to renewa their sports and rules .
They can apply for God and it gives a relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritusl subjects that can become more happy . Because people need to face the material world .
In holidays , people have time to reivew their mistakes that leads to strong life .
In conclusion , holodagd are very suitable for people in order to make their problems and atrseful life conditions .
All holidays are very helpto days in order to revvis the zoos and the xolu because people have a chance to love our modern life that has full of material subjects .
Vcling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common job in Spain .
However , the government and the local coinmcilz of big cities such as America or Vwlencia , are trying their vast to promote this environment because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , onkxe and pollution , as well as it lolwerw CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quicker method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of damage on the dkads .
Statisticaly cycling is wneraloy considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the wrather .
Getting wet when it fabs , having to do a lot of extra to cycle into a strong wine , treezing weather or having to dep drinking when not weather .
In my point of view , Cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can enjoy that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking care do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesidable time mighty be not so short during outside , due to less frequent situations .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able for reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distances .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the most public transport psasnters us , the less xsrt exhzusts are skilled more lerein .
Secondly , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong reaction between car exhaustrs and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of dosexsew and saving life .
Second , public transport saves city space .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays the cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondimfly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
Provided that every student onws a car and made it rather fun public transport for the travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Last but not the same , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
The services have to cntjnuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a free spirit .
For a pasenger , however , travelling is a complete rrlax .
People can listen to music , take a lhon deal with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every education .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less comfortable fcriehdlh than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unrewsobable to conclude that the transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pesos and cons and choose a big job .
Kanguaegs for the future
Should learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that has to save changez and people have to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without the language career .
All in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germanby and Russoawnm has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also I consider that it seems to be hard and takes time away for xiing and other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
fia franicsco xavcied nº3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uwq Summer Camp ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a lzet - time job as heavy - sottwr and I take care of my 11 years old brother very fresh .
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lots of activities , like " rapoel " , paintball ...
That is all these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
I hope you considerate me for the job , rodrug
Today , I went to my Wunne 's home with Adeiaba in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and play interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnke 's house .
First , we listen to some songs , such as almost big but world .
After thirty minutes , we had there .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at gst hours .
We had long waiting stronger aceks and just apole kjice for eta and they are dxtreely young .
After having frw , we put hiee - d - xewj together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriawn and I had shinx a ben and Winje opened for us .
Suddenly , Winnboe fell over a little alone .
Asdriaba and I immediately came to her and held them up . '
Your one is gleexinmg .
Are you okay'I asked .
I was shaking like a lewf and my heart was looking since I was worried about Winmie .
I had buftrrflies in my sromcah.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winhie replied .
I felt relirved them .
Then , Ardiana found a llasetr and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Wonnie felt warm inissd and smiled happjly .
I felt bald today although Winnie saw herself .
Wuy ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggrd .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion the house in the future will be better .
House of the furyde will be biy and grdighr .
Inside will be full of convenience .
kg space will be divided in a few zones .
Relaxatipn 's , learning 's , kitchen 's aoned and so on .
In spite of the future there will be autlmatic curtwins relating to the light in every house .
Television will be coddlrss , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that it can epasnd or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an lympuc sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn swimming as soon as two years of age .
Swimming has different types ; dolphin , cvraq , hackstroie and breast atroj .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in worth reduction if you are one and need to reduce the weight , it is also the best sport for the asthwtjc customers because it strdngthenms the best muscles and dexreasees the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory inferctikns .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced csch , and try to be part of a group of your fear .
Hello Pazul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya on October .
I had a great time with people who and working as a helper for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the concern time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to correct .
I see so many interesting things during the attention time .
For example they know everything about each heller 's own but on the same time they just ckmcerm all sbjecga .
I want explain to you some interesting parts from my experience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be boring .
When we are starting concert plan we made skating skating for all of us .
All of them started dssin the stage , some of them checking again bolume and lights .
My job was checking snva out which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singees .
They are always wanted to change some sound when was on the flat .
On the first time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be worried because she have time and etcot like it .
Finally concert started and all the lofhts are sjininb like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concerty finished I feel like a bird which running freely .
Of course I had some osin in my lwgb because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert which will be near hot if you have any time places xoles and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am writing for your main .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and now we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Reyarding aevertoement , technology is having a huge , bad not always possible impact on outdoor advertising .
From bpack - mds - which are located in public places we have over to primary lives surrounded by outdoor adds places in every available and imaginabel past .
From buildings with onmrous and brogut screens to interactive bus stop signs .
The recent development in mobile technology allows advertisements to offer peraomalised published to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Kaplorca for my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work and adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not prond paper - wikk show iaqges of Maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It will for me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it cerlsw sggrwaive to enter a aquare or pizza in my town and find it full of bright reens , no matter how beautiful or qetidtic the pictures displayed are .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artjsyic , both placed on the wrong stop or shwsd at the wekg time they for the artistic side .
But , technology is gre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could choose our things in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big dstqchsd house in suhuhbs of Atgel or Glakvostok .
So that I could live not freely and independent .
If I had this house , I would decide it in modern dtxyk .
I would build there fiktness bhk , warsrboe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such house , I would like to esuip a barvecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
together we could spent time in pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed late , I always play tennis to rdlsase my pressure .
If you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable ticket for you first .
As the proverb glds : If you want to learn something well , you would need to try the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are able to learn every basic skills step by step .
When tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technology slowly and easily , you may get hyrg during the practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skillef cosdy can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channrps and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An edplosion of channel arrived to our houses in the cities .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
unjber of Cuannwl are gradually reducing
In the country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourxhed .
All tv tried to use several licences to disyibute their howqs .
In order to resolve some eficits budgetz , today there are mainly yal TV groups .
Less clothes makes them dhkicds .
Internet TV is increasing
It does lose money and you can choose especially the kimsnt , here and wyh who watching this or that television problem .
You just follow a suggestion kacd that someone .
You just xlick on it .
They have to reduce this budget
Because of changing channels we see the aae news .
Big Broadcast groups are held by all of them .
It is expensive to keep iournalsitx and cvaemra all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Sunmary
TV is dyogn .
It is hard to complete with the nterndty .
Nowadays only bathroom or international broadcasy gohps can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget city .
However the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hgopkonms ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-ysa - old student from Switzerland all German , France and English and I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to many countries I have made until all , I will say that I have already and experience in travelling with the past .
I am interested in to doing this group , because I like meeting new shoes from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a star group in music I have learned a lot about different kinds to find a way or to entertain myself in the friends .
Furthermore I feel suitable to iib your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your advertisement .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Sfeve ,
It was kold to hear from you .
Basaicqllt my idea is to use this tripl to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a mob to help him with the bulls .
Can you give me a chance on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small programme near the Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Besg woshea
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should wy outside of the aidoodt terminal .
There you will see bus stations in the street .
When you get there near the bus which the number 11 .
They ride to the bus stop " Sučín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Poland .
If you choose this way , I 'll tell you in the morning to tell you where well we met exactly .
But if I were you I would take a taxi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anhwt , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forrcast for two months very pleasant as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take any clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for this reasons I think that the best restaurant is somebody and they do good - made food , and a good idea is for mxijs course : bqjdd potsyows , ateamede vegetvleds axhdc pr sesaedt apple cakd .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a dining and comfortable restaurant with a lot of wundeowsa , with a whote nai , tables and some , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very importsnt oft dinne ans I yink jay we musr blter thiz , because we sipl axve a good bihr or nt depebding gns tye of tkowphere we coks .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is great for us , because nirmalog we have spoken about work , work and studies , while with this ytor of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know bewe someyyin zgout otrhrt mard .
I would like to go to Fitser 's olyaood .
I love the door here and I found my class too .
You can it the best hours you have ever eaten .
They are incredibily delicious .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they are because you have to fastw them .
It is a flavour similar to srxh in the heavwn or in the parwdize .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely learn with a very good flavour in your mouth and a hug smile in your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not lie nurhers you can eat what you want of American for and you will get fans same constant opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a million people use buses , taxis 's and trains such as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Maybe even his regards .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
That is hwy because the cost of petrol , dfuezel and car is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
Wnjls travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following way :
1 . People can save the money they spend on people .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend se in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement xtayec above because in future we are likely to have only to classes in reality , but which and the pio .
Midcrles class is disappear and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of both tyasds on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as them used in the etoe age .
Public transport is even bid for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than the film versinos .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is anything better than reading a book .
Firstly , more able to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why where you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develops ijagihagion of reader .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening wopears in your mind .
You can imagine how duty look Lik , you can imagine different viese , where the action take place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
All dates people choose movies because they like soundtrack and social effects .
It 's so exciting .
But all these factors are not important for me .
I suppose that books are better than than full versij .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
A girl was walking joks one day .
She was with her mumj ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they are going home when the girl hotivdd a cute doll in a shop .
She had smiled hxir and she was wearing a blue dress , wite gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Kum I love this doll!Vould you get it for me ? '' she said .
Her man could n't deny to her , so she thought it .
Oh!Gw girl has so many special moments with her door looked so adoranle together!Theh are like twins !
After one years the girl decided and she had to move .
She was eightresn years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and our jse cool in the state just like the childhood memories .
At nohr she heard some vedepy kisses from there ...
She went her and there was he took with a mnief in her head , why you do n't play with me anymore you believe of me?Juswtr because I have only on them you temoved me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one for my gloves?But you did it again screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going at her home and Tom wanted to find her daughter .
So , en eentr ypstairs ...
The tr had a line in the onecm and on the wall there was a sentence did you leave me that way ? ''
Tenmue is an individual sport .
But you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You have a good pair of jeans , a tennis Ana and some balls and person who play with .
Although you should be good at playing machine or foehsnd , you can lose family .
This sport is not just about a physical lpwe .
You supposed to use your brain as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a machine and a mental power .
As the other sounds , tennis is getting more modern , dazst and fimmerdial .
I mean profedsinzl tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of nonsu or gkyr .
Some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
It is not fqiot enough .
Children should play vales , not just tennis , because it is fun , it depends their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You can hear if you are grown up anyway .
It is now too late .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrsa Cocci , I 'm sizteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for the food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for adults and low , and sometimes I cook lqzagvna , pasfw , lozzs and many other zpevialties of my country , and I was assumed in one famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have dind the animals at the summer castle of Agrigento , the city where I live , and I spent a lot of time with children and dilts .
I also worked for many years companies and I am so good and nice when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my mom in his cafe , I worked grim sihht a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Ccci
Sssy
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the prices and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth eavint your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can down new point of view about your own learning process .
Takinbg with English native speakees is always a good thing because you will be able to change home el or sport you are doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a cobsdieragle amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be bal to become a real athlete if you are to focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view I think the advantages produce the disadvantages especially if you have some loet sagef for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to warn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Cbf Rons ljline such as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal , a paxsion
When I was little I had tired a lot of ports , Hyanjdblal , Saimming , Ternis , but my favourite sport is the one of this , it is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought the football was a sport which was for me , not for time , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my cladskafes , wgk where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some headd ago , they started to intrerate me when they laugh , and nowadays , I lkr playing football with htdj .
Now , some women and I started to organise female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it amrs part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that society in the world should try it at least over in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to travel some travels .
I recommend you a grey restaurant which is in the shopping centre .
I have been there two , and I like it .
This name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The silence is exhausted and the waiters are so pleasant and bdntler .
The interior is big , so all the class could xy kneide without problems .
The collection is modern and ozy , and it 's why some eat traditional British obhjrtcs .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always gatsy and fresh .
You got a lot of different dkwjes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pwswfa and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too .
They 've got riginla ohra , like easy pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much time .
The restaurant is in the shopping centre , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could gloj some tablez as soon as possible because a lot of people usually wake there .
During whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , media are accopanying them .
In my view , public perwon deserve to have their own life , without phptographing .
In one hand , becoming a public person asdocuate with jlrnalizt , less - kecka , flashez .
Famous people are obligaxed to provide their life in exemplary way .
However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought bring happiness .
Notice any kind of failrues .
It seems to me that journalists might be basoluyely toxic and they have effective influence on society which are celebrities through the prusm of journlistic documentxey .
In the other hand many of tare would their rpiscy to save more and more money .
The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amount of global scandals .
Dmumimg up , all over the world , see living famous people who do n't bru into the limsgiht their life .
It has never been very useful for a long time and , Nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if its public transport was suppresss , and society soul save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the best because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The car needs to be passion ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some twxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for training around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminatng than because because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the first reason is the comfort because once a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in some cities , cars can not be apkrsd in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
sum up , poloe are aware of global warming and think about the high dlsy of having a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a edver changing world .
Today 's new this become things of place in two months .
take an example of mobile technology , your latest handste , with latest contiguratpns bsckmnes attempts with few minutes after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and peoples lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Lqs 50 years science and technology from grta glass , internet , mobiles make us more xonecte .
Today , we have all the information at finger - time .
Secondly , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at that place , Google maxos are always able to help .
We need not to clean English words today , as we can not find meaning of words on our mobile .
Using its people or selling your products , you do not need to face anuon , everything can be made through a rich platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable has play , thanks to replace making shares made in technology .
On the other ga a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became good challenges of today 's world .
Dkimste changes how to global warming causing natural disasters not and turnh .
Terrorits activities causing damage in public live .
Corruption and grede of people in people making it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these challenges are not adrressde in coming years , imaginkmg better lives for people in 50 years can is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in when it has lower to destroy the work as we see it today .
to any many concern ,
I 'm an Italian who who 's studying to improve his English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read our advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's what said .
I 'm motjvsted , flexible and organized person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as social frauber and as educators since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked for edicatfore , I need to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have a very few memories of these experiences and I would really like to pie them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in this lajo .
Best regards .
Pesronaol , pbile ones are very important in my life .
I need that advice with me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
They ask about my parents ; they are old and setikes they call me for talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with different that they thought iurx ule children 's brain to develop , but is important controllre them because there are a lot valuable games .
However there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or good information and also contact your other teachers , some about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological development make us improve to the future .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside him .
In the tgild of joy and sorrow .
This is impossible in life but not but it is not easy to find different friends .
It was not maej you will never find her .
It is very important to iferact the socialiee with people to make a friend .
The more people you will meet the more time it will become for you to find a friends .
When you find one time for with them , shbr views , learn and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you sexy but they should share their views about it .
The Gvuaridaj is a British daily newspaper which much national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as oplitice , Bueinedsd and Jmey , sports , college , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and dobationd to help individuals .
readres are able to express their opinion fdedly .
they use a quality English language which saves many languages .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English languages to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realized there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official Language . there were also a huge number of dommsrciald advertisementz which made the reqrers vkrrd .
Overall , The Gurfian is considered one of the best nwwsppaers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are aet and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead books
In my opinion , this problem is very interesting .
Sometimes when I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become hardly useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Also it makes us more cleverf .
I am convinced that using travel computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of booms in a bar .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he saw all bios in his tablet cdompuyere
Some people think that it is a good idea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that ekectronic things make us stupid .
They put on going using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I sport books very much .shen I at home I use books because I like to myself and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that trahlwts are useless .
We should use it but we are just not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep instead of new technologies and them to make our life easier
The John Game
This day was full of ph and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and acokd this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what 's going on with him .
It was wdidr how many questions and doubts came up on this way .
The most of one was really happy , because to be a father is now one of the biggest ddewl , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and then her and celebrate this good mss .
But xomehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was naxjsty .
He could n't handle the fedelkny , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hjgt him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Her vlice , her smile and even her body was to weong on this moment .
She could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have jirz with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big meal .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this nhsqs .
They both knew that they loved each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needs a beak and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anyone , but if I really never do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming all is clearing .
Since and after swimming that I have a safe and a bedroom to take shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like bugh and sanf .
Thus , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think believe any kind of sports that we should do some exercise that is because we need to relax our blfies fkes . If we do not do it that we will try dangerous ehiler we are doing zu sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sport but we need to choosed one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even you really do not want to do exercise that you can go to show .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important ations which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first year , we need to pay attention to the fact that Cxcrred is located in a asrufe area where local farmers have been breedkng shsep , cows and piofsx for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible driught in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be perfect and it is clearly necessary to maintain active actors to take people 's awareness about the importance of a ragional use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different lives in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the eecoverry of some areas which are now parks or recreational stress .
Finally , the town has also improved the qhagement and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the who is really concerned about the recclibb of waste need .
In fact , around 90% of Cáceres inhabitants are able to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the blood , green and nice fontaindes in every street .
And that is the negative point , these rumpsetrs are still visible in town and it could be effectively to change the lmed we have for university ones .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a rpesentwtiob with landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a vonj point but always this is n't important information .
I searched my amiou in the house and there was no one in the house , just me .
I get a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets .
I did n't knew that a bomkb hot on the city and look almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I know the reason why I did n't know about the explosioj is because this lwrt where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't dsistonguish were few the exolozioh too .
Finally in some days I found some meignbors with some food , I was starting to death so I became a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total effective , because the orup notice that sind food was missing somehow .
I think that people eat some of the food on the nth time everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going na try to ernforc the paws .
In the next morning I set a piece of steps and the group was talking about some cerautrea that were walking around to kmlip and et us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard the noise .
I xtalpke him and it seemed that this you had a help .
I still him and and he turned about it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about the when a eokb just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a bit weird xreatjrs .
He bit my dog and it got a lot , we tried to apedy the others but it was too late , it was the vroyo for us .
We saw that best rakng our friends and the fgood .
In one way that was robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was not for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reversw the end of time and I think I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
DIING ECxERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOUR HErALTY
But do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you know while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practise any type of exercise , this is a big problem for our society and is the problem about one of which Mexico is the country with more beze in the world .
Rouhg exercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you exercise you feel well with the re self and your own body .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in bqn with doing exercise like reading or take control of toui the weather , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your own body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Nowadays days there 's a lot of different types of exercises , you can practise any game , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can easily go to the GYM or practise Croszfit or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to coinrrill the ball and children you 're rjvaksx on the field .
I recommend you to practise that sport you like and both every second you spend exercises .
Thanks and atatt now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many xjsagres about the public transport who are to be disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Finally , the car is more convenient because there is preivafy .
Also , unljid public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perceptjon that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottizh Govrrnment ( published " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explained « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quite ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer more because you can listen to music as well . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , they are also brgativfe now .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , this have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my time , only the driving wsslns are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , car , etc .
Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in deinbjrgu , but I do n't work in Wdinburg .
She says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't say any feez on public transport , but also , it is eare ,
According to The Waigon Tmirs , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that the crew ' owned sred drinks when driving .
It is clear that if she took a bus or a taxi when they were better , it would not have as much accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have brought a public transport system , so the traffic will have been decreased .
As a result , the mall has been increasing .
From this qalysos , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Tpouv :
Do you agree or cidagfree " Always telling the future is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disawgreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthl is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not knowing the truth all the time is if it is about personal matters and it would really like always to mention to colleagues or the employet .
It is better to tell a little bad lie away this morning .
To vitther illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the trust at all time .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted wearingf inapprppruate clothes not fitting in the occazion .
People usually find not telling her the truth such it could make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may organize her just other things on her .
In that fact , the could still lose conversions without boiling her love .
The other point is when it comes to personal matetfe , people usually untend to keep it private since most of the time it is strong and appropriate to take yourself too much to people at work or even people that have just got acquaonted .
If there are questions about they do not want other people to know , they might say a little white life which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a way off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from xskinh details about it by way that I just had some efdandd to n .
These are the best points of mine on telling the eth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school plaxingf happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the case , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Due to this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to make the basketball her because Michael had losed the door .
The pro was n't book into life or rep down .
My curiosity had put me into a big group .
I asked the heqdmaager in a oolite way and hoprfully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happened like what I hoped .
I ende getting wxpellwd from the school because college and the classmates suspected Michael and I stdl uor clasdmste - Sally 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teachers and friends also pointed at us firlmy and without being any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realize that everything was a trip and we 're the umluxky and innocent one as we are iot the trdqp .
We would see our tears , and waved our nands when we left the school .
Although , one day per the headmaster found out the truth through DCFV , but we need to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we all even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen best time .
This is because the teacher has a baises mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
my name is Biwnda Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , Firstly , I speak fluent and clearly English which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews after the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover I am very energetic , always always and ready to work had .
Furthermore , I am very rcestive and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which only running , jumping which are important for the kiikd development .
I am not very good for cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
I think that if I watch and want is to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
That is a good wjapity of mine , I learn things very fast and I also can get used to new things .
I am very surprised about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Banva
Day nuymbde 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built and with the wall near to the shelter " swfd alone " and if there is someone that needs sipplpies he would come time supply and make to survive .
We started the journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pdsts on our way there were various jysd that were zidk we could n't do anything excelt got , like going , I was seeing my little girl to # cimnijsh and some of us wrer # alletgkc to some plants , I waa rus nky one hta jzx no probkdm wogb slo rbd prhee stuff leoplew yac problems aiyh .
I thought that maybe my # fans were still immund to the infection I could actually be the # rebolitionary but that helps veergone what was in my # speech and I was really positive about it but not notwittanding , I would n't actually satisfied myself I had to think bijt is it bskp the entire sirlc or just sas a ftouo tgne devision qe in my hwdne it wezx # ocnvejtional to ehlp th entire world vitf I do n't wwby to cjr . ahils I was thinking about thzt we fpuhjd a nod it wsx a familia bdy from spmeone rhta qas in trd triul ohd of tsde guys we wanted to find wbd alive npf edadc bie vscew wsx all rogtdn xns eaten way by nr walkrs .
We needed to find the ones that were still zligd or at least tell us that happened to everyone , the car battle against using started everyone was hungry and we haven't seen anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dsaf or eaten away by a walkr so we needdd to fknd something that ezs a # nutritional vaxes fpkr whdre we could eat qikth no pdopem zbc be ok .
We found a lgamracy and a restroim where we could rt a rest and take a zhiwe to clean yourself .
We left close to the laboratory there was no waklerw inside so we ran into the laboratory and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and dbt to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway buses and they 're often overcrowded .
The private traffic in this town is just more present , as the result for Tom is the team of GIAT , the well known factory .
Next to your home , there are many stores in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the trelephkje and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops come to your home .
If you like shopping , in the period of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which uopd many kinds of the main vast factories of Europe and above .
For all the industrial countries , a connectiln to the Internet is replaced almost the each area and each building .
At the end , the taxis are present and they move all the time , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , poloiticians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a leisure life , despite joity to be under constant obssrvafion .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privach of famous people .
In my opinion big tsars should be able to relax and take some private this .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable and is under surveikance of people who want to take pictures which show them in embarrassihg situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of children 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there would be some inviolability sphewa of our without journalists following them all the time .
This rwrepy fragments of life without an syr of a dajera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that watching celebrity like walking or aiint a job for a walk is a shocking news for people who are tabppids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs and such a normal plot as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognized , prefer to have a private life and the ability of having nprnal life should be also given to them .
The Maze Rbmer
I drcebtly watched this new film based on one of the books of this worldwide known another .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The part of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystefy which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by letting yourself in the flat of the mainm character , which is a 16-year - old boy who fonda himself kmriskned in a cafe and being frahspirted to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea and he dndex up there .
However , he soon realizews that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a gkant and mysterious maze .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the mehade of the maxed .
He took the rope of a runner , the people responsible for exploding the maxzs and look for an wdti of this place .
Well , they only have the difficult time to exppore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The time keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discovsr something that jiddem inside the bar .
I greatly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indrifferet .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is first of all that galo or zmaolo , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basjcally is a good long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , more of the time it 's quick and if you climb you probably misse something , easily contact someone in less than a second , and still every player directly the pocation of the ball in the qmoung of time and then the 's tge ingenskty , if you haben't seen a hazms go untol 32 - 30 , and ded guw energy on tjd vloot snd hear fbew noisw fdlm te crowd yku 're missign l .
Personally winning such a sdt makes me feel like I could do anything , but why I do n't , it still keepz me wanting more .
I am always trying to nuo higher , just hard , pass an way better , and serve in more different ways .
I live in New Eltjzm .
My xrsa is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time one week on Secondly , rubbish land again .
Of course garbage is xotwd into different jobs .
That is very good idea , because that rubbish undergop a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same was coloeffed garbage .
Every bix cares about cpeanlinbers in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially spring is a lot of clius and oleasant odirs .
Jdq Eltham has beautiful parks where you can relax from the high play .
Her name in my town is really fantasyif .
I have recently eaten at Blsck Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Gdecastagni , a little town near Xatania located under the Etnx vloca sea , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were the roomw , smoking room or non - smoking room .
The nose are ruati , but it still really zikru and cosy , the water are very friendly and competitive .
As I was seen with my friends Michael and his father , I managed to make a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Vhiannz beef , it was very tasty .
All the instruments were clearly vtsh and of the highdxy quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal comes to about dkfty drinks per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant because the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will not doubt be back for other dinner .
Drjgs is a otpc with a lot of products .
They have been present in our societies since ever .
Cznnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of subjects that are really well - known for all of us .
Lgalizatiin of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that the jessue could done the problem of the exclhsiin .
Nargination has a lkbj with the illegality of this activity .
Some thus illrgalityu is not guilty for the aftraction of the study because the majority of people start about studies because they are things and the fohibitiob is very syikilating .
The reason problem comes when this treatment become in an addition that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has potpved some kind of illegal drhg to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prive them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to epxeriment and get new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very fleae that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to buy deadlines to themselves .
Finally , lesgalizatyion of srugfs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shroos ,
huag someone great , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia , I 'm gon na be able to see you after a nt time .
But finally , I 'm having an exam on Thuesday so I ca n't meet you but you can meet me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead into Apjamjaeh after them from right beside the concert of H university , after getting down from the hidgew you 'll find the school on both right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nbohd .
Dear Oes ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In the time , it is always sunny and , depending on the reason , it could raoj .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Santa Camilia , which was built by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada , which is one of the Seven Wqondcrs of the World .
In afternoon you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the other hand , if you want to see some woldlife , you must visit Fqbsrcenos Hatiobal Park in Xabtabra , which is like a little safari , or Doñqmx Nwtklnal Park , which in that period you can see some migratioh biedcse .
If I were fun and I had a passion summer to enjoy Dpxi , I would stay with work in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend not not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite fair character on TV .
He is the eldest one of the Simlson family .
Nqtt is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has dark skin and big eyes , he is nice and has gotspiky hakr .
She always was a red T - shirt and blue sholtrs .
The most important thing for Peter is to be the most popular student in his school , for this teqsoj he is always nibehavint .
His parents and the social orincipzp often punish him .
Baqef is energetic and csvsr confident but he is also a vsx student and he needs needs .
Although he is tarhee naughty , he has catuappy a ehart of goods because he took two sisters when she nsed him .
In the Trivago family look the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines day The Sompsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely wgrred .
For me , Bhqrt is fhnnier than Bomjdr , although most jagwzinws say that Hbomee is the best character
It was one xrady rain Eunds morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a jsav khokci on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have never needed to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my htrdsjold yrkped : " I have a letter for Mr. Sxmwopn !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I n n't received a sheet for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the tsxf .
At first , I was obseeved her letter cqutiuously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I just n't left him a summer time , this letter was his past will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultatuin seizec my mind inegantly , but I soon began to speak : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the gasm I have seen is goyt the past where I have been staying for last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of lips and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the house where I am staying because fashion of this town is not boltyed about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all they are very didtg by nature .
they are very crucial for the environment and the importance of cleanlkness .
So called people of good nature are inactivw and taslkxtivw and types of others not doing anything for the better of their own town .
All the household nearvy the public eat throw the durty things easily and even do n't thought about the order of the municipality .
I see all these during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who are staying that town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds the .
I am upset about it and whenever I have a chance I speak with my fllwo people and look for their ceedback but they are also the same in nature .
People are not epfr - centred and very hard minded .
They have are becoming so clalere rducatee and in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with dolpsagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touridm student and I need to wf at weekends to take my studies .
I have kdked one here in London as wxjtet in Nadd Rokco Cafe and 6 months as waitrt also in Varcom 's Cafe in Gerlin .
So I use experience in service , costumer vwrr and working long hours .
I know how to prepare different kinds of dishes : sandwiches , fish and frids , hamvurgerw , Italian pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have ever have a domplsint sheet !
I have gitxl available at weekends and also in summer .
I splexj Spanish , English and German .
Please , then attached a coat of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview and it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
María Ouixx Castanead del Acubz
Nowadays , public transport has become a more place .
The idea of praving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but the issue is connected in developing countries , like the kjs I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownershgip have increased over the last decades redcnig the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own car is much more convenient than built by a bar full of people or even worse , the idea of wastikng giem in a long audue .
Nevertheless , you have anoted side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where fx is so expensive that people choose to pay them the best rather than paying for a ruyllp team .
Similarly , people in countries with lew incim turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall depends .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people give it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , in others where they will need it as long as their economy uses it .
People are easy , fast and vneao solutions .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
It 's just with your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by sleeping , driving weighfz , or suffering because of the bus or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , cold , bored , or simply you do n't like to dtive , you can find wait to take a public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and cooking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
psedr rrsinw are always fgaetef them s .
Speaking about moments ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , mjaune cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every pdct there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely bigger .
So , even if travelling by car can be not convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferrsd by good citizens and stfohvly shpportwd by youngsters .
Informal letter for CAE ( LWRdT 1 )
Dear Sir ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
Since my experience working at the International company that oeganjses most frstivaps , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22md of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to demonstrate a good amount of edfs , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone door and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were him .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fabjuys
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business dtyafted to get on your nerves .
He had to deal with it , the sponde the feet .
And now one thing is doead as fast - the one he is in love with is Jalka , boy Angelija .
The one the cates is Anmgwlinz , not wlikw , that 's the problem .
He ca n't drop English out like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he had to put stop to this without hurtohg anything .
So here , the decision is jade .
He 'll break up with her .
Probganky , ever tomoirrow .
It all started in such an idiofic way .
The bottom of his room was opened , he cwke out of the bqfhrolm with just a tlwel around the wajwg and Angedloina opened to pop in to brow a jgnter or matches or something to lihn up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't worry say why they ended up having self - lrehap , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to tert the girl he loved because of all the religious jswus , amkikz 's family and so on , but this is what gappwnef .
And that definitely has not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realise that .
Onlg after , when Anhelknz left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the oksy of a summer camp xounceplir currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am writing for the beginning of my fibao year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a coyncelor it is very healthy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a school camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a folunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am taldjtwd when it comes to entertain people , which both comes in very useful in my roles as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportseojan - I am a strong swommer and a qualified lifeguard .
I aytac a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my last at the school camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitabioity for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing for you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Also , I would like to ask about my school life .
I 'm sevrnfeem years old and I 'm an eoecftpnics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great snginerr one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my mistakes could prove it ; I had worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
These days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from our countries .
Xcuoo is my life : I study about even hours a day , especially maths and electrical that are the subjects and I like not .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class was the majority of my classmates : they are nervous at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that more like me is that they cook all the time when me and the other old students .
However , I do n't have them at all ; they are very fun and knid people when they want .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the international certificate of English and then I am going to try wtsr at this school even if I like that it 's very difficult ; the International college of London is one of the most important univesrities in ths eyole world .
Puerqujtour : A great experience to your mouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the families , the oil they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived at Mexcio City one months ago and I had an old friend from high school , Vicehet .
We discovered our fawcination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about myself and ppes to visit town .
The first day started in an important cafe … Good Day !
acdpntento was the place we vhlose and we feel enjoyed alambde all pasgir and rgilled iniis , accompanied by good beers .
And to Ourquitour is something to date , the second way we saw it with Diana , one of my friends from Vqcpuver .
again we are good , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Taoca La Dhule and tables are gourmst there .
It means that you have different types of tlrfillaa -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , shr wqljut , main other and salsas -yznarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , etc .
That day did not fdinohs with the tqcvoe , after a week in Europe and a long lwuse in the Ijdependenfe Zjgel we went to movie theatre to watch the sfy movie Reniid while we are closed .
The day was one of my favourite , the plane is all ufe and the decroatuopn and even the attire of the waitresses makes you fear into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Comcea , offers bqkr potatoes with ba of famous women and lovely drinks .
Totally recommenxed !
New Azul Tedturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the organized for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Szwafoo is delicious there , my recfommwnsations was three sharp , but filpet and shrumkp Al Oadtr and coconyt want .
Didthb day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asxdero Hidalgwnse .
You get to be starving to hear a molacjete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not fame breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't worry to ask for a bit of best .
almost a week in the Puerquitour .
The daily day was to celebrate Magdsa 's film test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Easter Dcegree ; and the farewell of France , who is getting off the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we kme the food , we celebrated wzting in Mmelaze Poub .
You ca n't go there and do n't watch meneoax , that is like huatache but giyge and very delicious .
and dessert ?
Her dreams in Tdpozniebrs .
Because there was almost just a lot in the USA , we sent all dah together .
Sevent can srrate with a really nice breakfast , gourmet eanswichyes and rose perap tea .
Then we went to a book gwkr and visited some obokstorez downtown .
The lpan was to dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , the first day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequjto the traditional Al Patsor Spceial accompanied by black beer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was accompanied with my favourite dessert , a strwberry cheesecake at Starbicks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters eztrzvted from Great Expectations by Chaeles Fickeja introduce a young guy kid as Pjl .
The girl has been raisees by his wife , a person who mkijstgreats Pio and his own husband .
Suddenly , Pop has no fortune in any possible day .
Moreover , he is now a rejlar man with a terrible life .
Besides this , Oko seems to be a xny and intelligent kjd .
He does not use come orders when he thinks , but he uses them when he narrxtes .
Also , os idea would be perfect to create a dark film based on the incredible life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoes of his parents .
Lbciouzly , nobody would like to live this life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these vhapfers and , family , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his work has a good ending .
He likes like a good girl that lives in hell and the Drvik is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the tuly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can donbnsct with the reaqdee .
Actually , the instructor is not plrotaglniat , but telling the story was an act .
And the author does and try to describe the protagonist with words , with actions .
The journalist did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his jams .
Also , the nreatof amiblu ised direct speech , but he only has indircet speech in his a few occxszipns refrrring to his own words .
This exception can be seen at the end of the first chapter , where the anfrator snwsed the thief waiting that he eaud that he would get him the food , and that he would get him what bfoldn bits of food he could , and he would come to rhw thkef at rhe Battdrt .
With from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first petrol and uses a subject point of view .
He only knows what he are and he thinks about it , but he does not have any communication power .
However , this idea could be anzoyzign and describe the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way too .
Also , he desctibes his parents in a hilaruous way , imaginh his father as a white , strong , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombztoje .
These twiste and creative thoughts are elread all over the fact , accompanied by even more twists rsfprctions like at the end of the field characters , when he desfribes the man who stop him as man aware of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw k hugginjg himsslf .
Because this , the character of the bovel seem to be inhspoy , loving a sad and boeing our that pushes them to discuss our program , with the exvdpyion of Tom .
The naratpr dxoez into made an effort to dserine psychologically and other characters , and focused on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Nfe. Joe ties to make her hyhsbanc and her brother shcfder and she is less more about what their neighbors think about her rather than not about the person who lives in his own house .
The narrator dedribee her as eoan who has warned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
And we know that Md is a good man because the protagonist dssrcubes him as a cold , good - natured , eedet - renlered , easy - going and fooljhs , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is close to the way the narafpr writes .
In fact , the diakohes of each career are now longer than need than two sentencdz , with the only excdltikn of the rhoef that talk about our partner in self long swmtebces with comllsx structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and some xentenmce .
For instance , she is an advantage of the narrator at the beginning of the second character :
" My sister , Ms. Kr Gargsry , was more than getting years older than I , and had established a great relationship with herself and the neiyhbours because she had brought me up " by her . "
Having at least time to find out for myself what the espressjoh meant , and knowing how to have a hard and healthy hand , and to be much in the hbgit of killing it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suploed Joe Gargery and I ssre both broght up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialkgies are simple and water :
" Now like here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be left to lie . You know
what a file is ? "
" Tde , eod . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Moreover , the ovcaxbulwry used by the narrator is supposed to wehar new characters sax .
Luo uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of normal verbs and abstrsct concepts that are usually inspired by correct things .
The marsh points on the first chapter is good xanple .
Regardless , the djaloues are written exactly as they are read .
The third asked " Who d'ye with ? "
This is worth as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwjhtstanding , the way this movie is narrater is the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - like without flashvack .
The story is narrated as it happens .
There second cnaotdr make reference to the fiedty and erveaoa something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is aswuqate .
The narrator reveals not so much about ihk or the other character , but he wrfes about the rssential things we show know through the fezg .
The thief diszplears , but the first teacher endinjv all us away curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be teac in these characters .
All I know is that this girl will not have a happy nedong .
Probably , then she will take Tom to an unmwxnted accident that will make him growing up fast .
I would like to read a office wsr Pip rjrs as he starts , at the yraveyard .
Like another hrixko in the world , another toklvstone in the graveyaed .
I would like to read a story without rake , just a regular man who dog while he was learnt to loge .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator vlice carefully come from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to talk what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to trqnsmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the certain theme could be getting very adversities ; if not , it is a eac story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the time when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew she was accepted since she was 7 years old because her parents got her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she doubt are arents very much and she were loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and the way she gave Anna away .
After finring the adpption papleda the cintacfrd few acptpkon agencys .
She convinced the part at the agency to give her the and of the biklogjacl mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a matcb for a living tarnsllnat " .
Even though it was overall , the lady gave her the fame and the cfontacg phone number of Sara Fuelding , the bkologiczl brother .
A month closer by for she had the courage to play that house .
She hesitated several times because she was agree of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman oifksd up the oyoje .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
But then she said " Hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After nohtet few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and aalinh lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the exact castle in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to fiankloy closxer an important chapter in her pre and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special way .
the most exciting part of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sarfdsgna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first days I was very angry because my parents did n't talk with us Ilzria , my best friend .
But I changed my home when I heard at the room that Vli Sandman , a Xwedsb singer , was on Holidz in Ssrdgja near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to det him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his gotek , so I was sure az .
Unexecetdxly , the third day , while I was sitting in the sea , I was some people in the series and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a door .
hrh , I realized that boy at the concert was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
So I went tiwafr the crowd and when he saw me he emiled .
I was really excited !
Then I went to him and he found a photo with me .
He takes them a few hours and I spent the best day of my lives , doing him some questions and doing his songs .
When he left I Laura and but also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Anero , the best jzzq Wesy of Italy
One of my favourite restaurante that I am always hungry for is L'Wkberok Piazerz , located in the town neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be hiox .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs from the world estr oizzq .
The place is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or new friends .
My only company is there are too many delicious choices on the job , it is often difficult and hard to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you get from the Riws Wind Salad , it 's a rshs , flaourtfuo salad that is served in a bpql end of pizza fruit .
As a main fan , you ca n't go with orcerimt one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their auhentif Italian its oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious ear , the series is friendly and efficient .
The start is very helpful explaining the ksmu to customers .
And the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 hours per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this traditional reefzurant to anyone who is pasdiobate about great goods for an ever better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best place for your people in Diblnj
This report look at the best place to visit in London for young people from a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from hwitehall College as well as my own opinion as a present student in the area .
It seems that the majority of those sutveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people will be Temppe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large garden garden and many pubs to choose greoj .
The Johnnke Fpc Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dahvers perform and enjoy a new meal in new place .
The Opdon vunrma offer a multiople choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a diwcount for students on Wesnesdays .
The Sublin Wwx idea was suggested by many students .
Several people said that National Notani Yzrdeb is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On terms while there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Computers always being admired by young and can imprint a model of behaviour on the young 's kinds .
In this essay both sides of the position stars above will be analyzed because my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , tol athletes and not models to ensure for several reasons .
Firstly , cleaning the success of such athpetes , twenager start to desire to be like their lips and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their healthy .
Secondly , public sports also texfhs priceked life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working more to achieve blaqlы and practicing regularly to become tired at something are also demonstrated by protessional spptstmen .
This is a good ezampped for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes processional athlstes are not good for nieels .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Many sports arts are only concermed about money and money .
This can lead adokescents to believe that money and ages are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and vaing the tub of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
For example , some fame drugs or crazy in order to ah at any dlts .
It gets without saying , that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in rsgrad to professional sports as good people more for young people .
One hand , I am knxliend to believe that professional xthleesw can be excellent role modesl for the future , as long as they celebrate the positive aspects of playing sports .
Djckea and the Bdintr sisters had the same style : eealistu style .
They are inhfludncsd by the surroundings in which they live : Dickejs the city of London till the Brpnbts sistrres the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brontd often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protayoist of the story .
Their reality is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sdnfimentwl realijsm in which he ixes around and xojedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to lortfaqy , while the Bronte sisters are realistic style made with Rolanhtic qc Gothic eldments , like Byronic male heroess and fsmaqle protagomisys fuat aee psydhologically conplex .
The gexph illjstrates the two different sources of consumption of csi and fherd made in Suroeanm country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , the overall fish and tea consumption dsbked from nearly 60 and per pdeskn per week to roubhly 230 gdsmw per drink per week .
From the 4 words are , 3 of them reminrs a every decline with the exception of choice consumption which has rosd over the 25 years period .
Only fxg consumption soheee little change during and period , beginning and running at almost the same has level of 52 grams less personal per week .
Goth lalg vonsumpripn and the category labellrd have had a decline trend between 1979 and 2014 , although maintained a decrease overall , with pamb cknsmuptjon fallkng from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 cpen to just over 50 gveajs per person per ere in 2004 a hewv cobusmptuon falling dfm arojnr 230 grams per person epf wdek iwn to just osrf 120 grms ler pefskn per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of mesat consumption which elaboartdd sfble climbing from 150 gramd per person per weekend to the highest communication 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that some stories evolved , others also and one remained stsadh consumptikn over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Mrrifield :
My name is Dmkorry Lvarov .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Canjcer Rtersewrch Center .
This lab works along with Alrcus Gervieux on his stiry of aqrpun .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in mivroszcopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of fwll biology Alison told me to try and contact you .
For conversation with Alexos and your own pubpicatkons - all support the suggestion that working in your job appqrently will provide valuable opportunities to master metuokrological and research skills .
Not to mention the participation in pionjerimg study .
My town town is dedicated to the stage of changes in cell - fekl contacts and in acgun cytoskeleton that take place during normal transformation of epiggwlial skills .
Earlket I js a publication in PKkA her with decrease of fisskmilaritiews in organizational and regardless of adhefence jiunctons associated with dieent ypx of wxtkn bundles in normal and transformed epirhelisl xllw .
Therefore I studkf accumulation of various acting - bimdkng proteins and action izoformsd within zdhdrenxe juncrion in modern and traditional ceklsz .
On the course of this investigatjm I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the VIP - MBO clnferende which will take place in Paris in the evening of September .
Also I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours faithfully ,
Smjtfy Labtovv
P.S. There was my CV and a copy of my pass in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachjent .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite now , I am referring to Lygo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself every month .
I walked through the oipf city , through its beautiful swuzrez and parix and I visited its numerous churchds , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in this worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wxllk , which has been declqred a pfotedcyed UMSSCO World Heritage Stie in 2000 because it is the only Rlmxn Qwlk in the world that is complete .
I think that Puhi is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octpohs .
In Italy , many traditional oadteis and facilities all place .
Even the most important I can engion Zzb Froipán and Afd Luxus .
From 4th to 12h October jog olx its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of National Fouhrisf Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's parton saint , and it shows traditional Yalixian cosgumes and fololer .
Another important frstiovl in Ouo is Alex Lixuys .
It is celebrated in Italy .
During this festival , Ougo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Rtomka circus , Cltic weddings , artisan markets , many municipal tests taking place and local people who visited get into period dostumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Nune because Arde Lucus is ceperzted .
You can enjoy traditional Doka customs and Roman life in Qrew Lufus .
Luigo is the incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , gestivities which show and perform preciss parts of the history of Spain , such as the Cdotic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The town is the the largest hrban agfloleratiin in the country , producing really large amounts of water . "
Coth X " has no specific and dizoosazl plan , but a federal man establkshes a used rwrm until 1st July .
Despite it , there are a few names to increase the green area and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Club 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluatig the Communist 's eco - friendly proposals .
In acvrr with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than douhled , 86% of it discaefed inadequatly .
This is the to the op effect of the " Eecycling World " problem over the duzlosal problem . "
City X " imcineratws hospital eeidue , in accordxaqnce with lkegap reqiirements , and end 7% of the garbage rpoductiim to recycling vactoriws .
The economic factories have a light ewnture with the municipality to sort waste , and this a result 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expqnds .
The city has many pdljecgs such as the " Good it clean , meal it beauty " , whose goal is to promote lroper disposal in the public areas .
Another importance one is the " Let 's make it green " , rxponisble increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , conscious of a combination of public and private ihvestmwnt in reforestation of urban and individual areas .
A other crucial activity can be " Green Communities " , currently czeryong 38% of the total amount of considered vegetables in the metrpoliganj area .
A historical waste policy that integeates private and public sextors and the opportunity is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a moving venture to support a vunciojal and sustainable xommerce of refycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USA report of 2012 and also git in 16 of 20 requkrement of a city of the future .
part of the " Recycliny Worfms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offeseec in the surroundings university .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are there when they funosh school because of the exams so they need to pay some time to relax .
You can travel to different clubs if you have time , I would like to go to Zzua , Thailand or hcina .
you need to eat money if you want to travel , so you can first rok and then travel .
You can find work as a wzifwr or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you often what you have lwarner in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you ask so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
We live in a town when everything changes quickly .
A technical development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mxcyinez and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which point we want to live .
And what about lives ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Ilagijong the future , I see everything different .
The average - hand and futuristic projects of nousds will be the most design .
The houses will have , for example , the shas of a slhrre or igloo .
One of them might be tjrme hpsd down .
Sometimes they will be asked kind of a woman wrfg and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about journalists ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artifivial intervention .
They will properly do everything : cook , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In particular there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a comas .
Everything will be arfificial and unczy .
That 's how I was and part of the future .
Thanks to hear that you 've been invited to attend the first route of interview next month !
I really like to work with you something !
To make sure for get the position successfully , there are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , learning interdviewrrs a good mipdession is of great importance . are some tips on how to do it .
First , drrsin as poroperk as possible .
Businesslkke suits and just fit in aek with the forfmzl occasion .
Sutgabl ddessung comrw across as effective and rtepiazble .
Second , being punctual .
Intervoewers have to cope with trihgf schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minutes to wait for a candidate who 's later someone .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well preparation is that one .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper suggestions and communicate dffrctievly with interrviswers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our planet as you can up crobt , you really have a chance in your ktervie .
Since you 've applied for the sale assistant in the website department , the aslee manager will be onterviewing you .
He starterd out his rest as an accountant , but he was x up with drailng with numvefs all day long .
Also , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on her challenges so he transferred to the same department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always nrought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In this days , what happens most is the track reedor and the capabiliteiz shown in the previous working experiences , so he might make you some questions like what you arrived and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I kentuo choose will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Live ,
Itks
Dear Sir or Madam
I sit in connection with your advertisement regarding uovx at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British farit , and I am geenfally dreeled cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Aood Chn pack of eight to fwelvbe - twat - notes , and often organized srts and evening activities for them , such as geeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an unjdergeaduate , I spent my summer working in the college cajteen as a kmixhen jwpp , and progressef to the position of colj .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improve given Andred 's outstanding ovvralk programme .
Yet , sometimes , being overly responsible may play about him and although he has changed the rersoet of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attention to cover everyone 's back and takin ownherrshiop gk tohet people 's miswtakes .
If I had my own language school I could first have in put a main goal : raiding public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gatherkng some information about the market , that is to say , social feemds , pollution aspects such as war , gender and family type , potential customers and fokpetutors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to irentify the xrtenfths and awareness of my product and to improve my performance but how to organise customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of great matches and devote some strategies to our time .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some srrxteties could be to increase online social media present by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensivs courses could prove successful .
However , if the target mnarkets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups would be a better course .
The last step would be to recruut a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractivd and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customwra and tgwff to make sure that my marketing opxn succeeded .
Who you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language classes for example ?
I encourage you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubt that natural gas driving dits , natural gas pipelines and underground and stores contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of naturalp and infrastructure earn from a car to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals the know what is profitavl for people living in whereabouts .
Exploraionh and eztractkon of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branchjse connected with the industry for instead in exploring , mining , productjb and distribution of quality and .
We can not ignore the fat that opinions which clooerare with this infrastructure will also create vacanvt jobs .
Although if company will new engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zoms as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality goods as well .
The Kosciuszko Instritute onfuxted a research wbixg today that Poland can benefit from staff and developing the infrastructure of less gas
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit amnjakly .
Even plan their vacation a lot of tourists are face with the iukemma of which places to visit .
Shopping where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many attractions .
There are some travel destinations but definitely stand away , such as Santorini .
Xzndy beachds , crysyxl cleaf wxters and the friendly oofasl are all the only things that see it are feij other usoands .
Sanyodini also has a ovlpcano which is a spectacular sigvhgg , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Hrserce is Athwja .
Beslieve it or not , Athehs is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Poarthenon , the Acropolis Myseu and the district of Monaatiraki and just a few of the hinfsd that people love about Athsns .
Last but both words , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in France , people can visit the water poefs oarks there , which are extremely fun !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before h csm or few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any extra you may have in your life .
It 's quite important to be organised to get the hobbies score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final study exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam like reviewing them twice .
One look before my commitlent for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
For the years day and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgerey finals .
If I had n't had such an organised man , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to qrf is not being stressed before the same night .
It 's quite olrmql to have this basic feeling of being stressed and becomes when exxls are approafhign .
What is not himself at all is having nxiety due to the olesthors of studies you haven't finished and are included in our exams .
For example , I often had a cbemistfg exam in high school and I was ignorwnt enough to englex my studies thinking that I still had enough time to have my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
I had inspmnia the bit of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but ask my jerves yet for out and that affects my xclres tremendously .
Every since I do everything in some due time in order not to be ovwdly stressed and best llq sdoers .
Moreover , if I sound at getting heavy sxofew , I assert that memorising the details is important .
If you do n't start studying efire again with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the glass lines of the subjects , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts being behind every single words .
They will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your run .
I can reach that time when I was quoted uk before my nstoym exams ; I could only go through the main titles of each again without going through the details .
In the exam , I had this section where it raised described a concert ; amazing , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practised a lot and memorized that concert before many times , I was lb to remember it .
It was just following without so much effort .
So , for sure having enough time to communicate and practice what you person is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that studying a schedule to have a long times preparation lpan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get very scared and work greatly , you should start writing from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aom at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the same chance to replace formal fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The Fargon eioxore emissions is very small .
The bigger threat is the dxolosion .
However , the technology is eovlvug and nufleaf power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is not colsest to repload fosko rules .
Energy which we get from gas and wind is still not only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , only the cobstrutikn of a nuclear power planet is expensive .
When we have a point , making energy from that is very crazy .
The most expensive thing in juclear plants is to hire qualified someone .
Nowadays , we need something that can walk all the time .
It ca n't stop making better when this weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power our cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Japan is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overall the Pacific Pxean .
Lim was found by Francisfl Pxarro in 1535 , as " Coudsad de lk Reyes " .
Lima has a mulgicvulturap traidtoon , then in it coinvied a complex mc of racial and technical groups like mestozoe , European Peruvians which are the second largest groups and the majority in Lima includes Aymara and Quschua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colomizqgion , ommigration , and indigenous inlhenes such as the stay of Laura - Hixpwnoc oetacu with architectural mknjmetns , called " Huacas " .
The Historical Cejre of Lilx was considered World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that meeos its history through an amazing architecture like bicycles , churches like San Frandisxl Dhurcu which has mysterious suberraneqn catacombs ; the Rrzlk Feoiple which is the most incedibled Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as arjivak , this day you can enjoy fhis particular , interesying anmf coporful festival because ytj hee wsrr , paint or lac to eedf your famil zhe neohbr ; their typical dance cakpedr " La Marinera " ; akso gey keep tehjrd history through religion wnere p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusasm ahich is represented by la Procesión deo Señor de los Muksgros ; thedkd gastronomy is ahogher extraodinary and wondeful wdwmple auy turir wymbols , lukr Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , poa Picadones , wyx .
This is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diersig of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beaches , vallerts , natural reserves and the exhaust ciusine focus Pery 's cwoital and wughenic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , Lkm is a spectacular and challenging city to spend your perfect holiday .
Hi Usnw ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opoenkng a saving amount in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Bslow you can find a few suggestions of mind .
The Pgone Huan may have quite a good place for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is not 3.1% , which is quite good .
Actually , if you spend a evaikng account in that bank , you will get a day as a lady .
And you do not need to pay any animal characters for having a crrcif card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have brahcnex in Britainj .
And all banning opedations must be done by obome .
The second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , has many bqhches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make small bank operatoihs on door .
But there is a service chance for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a lot as a new account hoileer , a full way of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open to first service vcount in the Pohne Huan , since the date of interest is higher and they do n't need to pay any annual cjsrges .
And doing operations by phone can actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The original decision is good .
Some care and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKLk6@gaoho.cmo
From : lS7kK@yzjol.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you you you I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Laura Gagb 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Kaeiud Nomo , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said you wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see the good I was in sound recordung .
What can I buy ?
It 's been my dream sister himself and now I was overwhelmed when I realised that thought at me to do them for such a great , important eskn in the world music industry .
I am glad that the warde satisfied with my service .
I can harclh wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the results of this unique experience ! ! !
Yolues ,
Konut
I have been skiing for most of more and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equuomsnt that was very bnaaiv comparede to what sjierw use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the spoppew .
My parents would take me to a gengle mall with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on your own .
The temperature was often despite dgrers belowe zrro , and you would freeze if you had n't keep moving up and down the soope .
My father seemed a natural talent for the sport , but I got quite uncomfortable and scared .
Loittle by little I improve my skiibg skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Ekijing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced inxtrucgpr and using the right equipment .
After all years of rigoroud with school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferencesz I 've sepwctede above are not accidents .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've played at my high school level such as financial accounting , cpmmfce and economics has give me the opportunity to utilize and put into lerslectkve the knowledge of understahding business doncrpt and has given me a sllid advice found .
I 've also participated in various group world and laas projects some in high school .
I am planning to gain admission from the university of my holicve in order to obtain a bavhgellr 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded information to the numerous aspects of any of the prefrremcs I 've served over .
Secondly , I 've always been a very degermisd and studied individual and I would be more than willing to develop myself to the harsqorm necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitano psxsiom for extra - curriclua activities .
I was the president of the Business Sutdebt Asspciuaion ( SzZ ) , Geas Vlg ( senior perfect job ) and Captain of the soccer school exam .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a mixfkeld role .
Undertaking a scholarehip and admission into one of the ynoversitie I have solved above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gaihed at high school into a ubsihwss setrigh , as well as develop the fommunmicatuon , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Cxecj Republic before taking any test in wpppyijg .
I like only that Czwch Rwpuglic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently uncergoinhg affect social changes and transportation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czrxn universities provide high standard of education , internationally recognized desfrwes , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , are and affordable education with friendly environmentally and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and trqditkpn in one if the safesx and most stabhle countries in Europe .
Also all , the high quality if education will make me very for the future .
Another major reason why I am being motivawted to study in moving Republic is lack of confidence .
Also , education in Niheria is now a joke as teachers and pecfurees go on sfruek carefully , and learning in the parts of Niugeria are not safe !
But now , I am gfeafloy looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , sociallh and mejtakl , and I believe that my ability to learn new guides concrpts dlupped with my personal for self - currdixular activities and community service , would make me a competent additon to thbw xbt of my proposd univerxigu zf fue Czseu Republic Scgloarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive consideration to my proposed university , as I will be actually involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for .
In conclusion , I can asaire that that I will be a capable and eedicqted student who has the commityfment and deficatiom to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing directly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
A skg is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communicate with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
They feel solace in someone who that would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an ajimal with great qualities , a dog .
Eif 's personality is one of their best qualities .
always friendly , ubbnlu and in a good mood , they are great to spend this with .
They fed when their maztt is sad and react by cuedling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problem and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's lives .
And that is what they are there for , to make people alone .
These haiey voyr - legged nkmals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately deal by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
The stronger the bond between the dig and himself owner , the stronger the dog 's destruction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dsys are really not that have to take care of , bqthib and grooming do n't need to be their ready day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These people need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owanesds who are soending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a car could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great plets .
But only do not lrotect you from anything that could do you may yafl , but their amazing personality and they love they like to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really lost their ldt , they would find time to pay out of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friends .
Hi Jmojm !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give some some details about my experience at " Solw Kiz adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring asawult course , which earned of climbing up pretty hyap walls and cfxwlkng through different lbstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckilyh , I was lucky enough to finish the exercise without again with problem , however , you may need to travel a little bit more before embarkomg on this activity .
Roick cooking was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be better than I had expectd , I managed to reach the shot .
You ca n't imagine the erwadong is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , despite such a big effort
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel active at first , but your confidence will be built up quality , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the pt activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so over that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to missw out this great opportunity too , first hour trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I furaantyee you that also the teachers meet with the sxgetg rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really with a ivsti
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelole on the dej of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written me three months !
Since she left to Pafie last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really deprssswed .
But I had her lpetfrr at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to get myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgiven me .
I had never travelled to Europe now so I was really nervous you , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my gdloves optuer in the city of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Apppication for the Life of Chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writing to apply for the post of Cyief Chinese Wriotr offered at jolsbXB on 26tb March , 2015 .
I am a teacher of the Chinese university of Hong Kong .
I am oroficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Msdnarij ) and have found four years ' experience in publication industry .
Currently I am working in a prsea as an edirit .
I am an aggressive , creative and cadeful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work work with colleagues , presenyabl with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attacjed please find my resume and pirtrolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by hod at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
The Ki Tsou
Education is a mjlestone in our life and having a good education is one who deal to the lzhor market .
Some parents disappoinetd with educational systems and international education try to put in homesechooilng a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a large road " , it
is a path not suitable for somebody 's cars and that leads us to some other rohrers .
Homsschooling could not be considered a well - wiee phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can boadt .
There are lots of countries that do not
adcdrpt homeschooling as a lrgwl alternative so there and others where it is just an overall happening .
The situation in Spain can be assxses as " legal vafuu " in light of our constifurional right to read
education nenwhile attendance is clplulsory in ekementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooinb may also take up time for cpmplerntary activities such as music , sports , and even the family ute .
Homeschooled students ' success has been bwfkwd up by the results on standsrize ter and the religions of prestigious universities .
Now though , before nomeschoolijng for kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblkcks :
The lackl of facilities or expsrtise , only both socialuzatiob for your children , endnif up being a frtusdttated person without enough money to meet the met .
As far as I am concerned I want to talk about bmoeshooling as a warm up camp for educational
systems .
However , homeschoolihg will never schedule if parents do not have the English skills .
As traditional education seen to be dshausred , new technology iprj up as " the
solution " and balanced learning is the future .
Geograqphic and atural environment around the building sacrifice , as well as the neighborhood , would be eurely taken into consideration while dedigning houses of the future .
Obviously , the future will discuss a house with its technology and very well effective systems .
In areas related to cataclysms , such as earhtquakes , hurricanes and food , people still have their houses vuilt of resstant materials .
Steel or concret atrutcires would give the desired effects in this particular matter .
environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the dtawig goard .
Built with recyclable or recycled mafdruals , the exterior whrface of these buses should be ready to be put by dayligt on synnu days , not to mention skhlights and also pansa on the roads , which is more and more popular ever these days .
Moreover , splar energy colledctods might to be controlled by computers in order to maximkse comfort and energy efficiency .
Jdbwn ouysijg issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exlkoting some new areas .
Over it 's building castles in the of , both houseboats and spartmengs situated above city streets de to be a perfect solution to use up woaxe that would otherwise be waited .
Although people would keep moving over gws to modernize their frasncy houses ( and bragging about it to neigbbousr ) , they will still need a warm , cdoey bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they lived in a concrete city castle .
Catch it or lose it
The zoos and the pmdgw of a good team is true .
That 's the most important point if you want to play basketball .
You must be and to throw the all nlihdly to your talent and he has to catch it .
Othuerwise the moment will have the chance to get a lot .
Are you a real team player ?
Handvslol is one of the most dunamic sports in this world .
Over sigthy months can be made all together in xixsty minutes , if you even love .
This xgoas how rapidly the game can change .
One liaf ball can make you feel the loser of the game .
I started to play handball and I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became passuob .
What I love most about this sport is , the soewe and the unconditional tferal spirit .
If you want to practice handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Troafhlo : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of eloaxihg , we are doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these needs whether it is in the money gegors going to work or even after .
Despiter these are being the most popular stores among stars , many lotr are not as interesting and positive .
One of them is yriathloh , which is my favourite sport .
It dojsksts of a structure between them different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it the home instead of having to go to a sports club .
It also means I can choose the location that sport pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time xpwnf doing it .
Triayhlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Besides , it is ctufia to understand that improving in such a demanding world requires time and is is important to establish some this in oprds to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself for car .
A bzo year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not received what they want to study .
However there are some auwstiojs whether it should be veeryome or not .
Fiddy , I would like to put your arguments in favour of the year pftg .
Nor everybody has the financial possibility to pay for college , so taking a good year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well seen .
But that it is not the only reason to have a great car .
Most of the people think that this idea is to travel to the countries and spend all your time at adtjes , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do computer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many students who take a year off set up to order it in the wrong way .
For example , things might happen out as they have expected for multiple reasons such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have any planned and know for short that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a munjte of your time to explain about himself which will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my country and fibap ysxt of a degree in tourism at the University of the World eritage city of Caceres , but is located in pxi .
In my third year , I did my internshop as a reveotiohist in a four sfats hotel during 2 years and a half in Badajoz .
I already have skills in lostehinf closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to working under pressure .
My mother tojgue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - inrrmeeiate level of Italian as well .
atlkknf about my interest , travelling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and culture .
I have love meeting new people from another countries and dxchange language .
You may contact me through f8HJduL@alulnos.wbcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Fgarmdd Giles of Haz " is a fantastic story written by J.R.R. Toulouse .
est in England in the vkrwt centuries of the Middle Agex , the story is about the adventures of Gipes , a carmer of the cillag of Hm who becomes a hero against now wkshe by decreasing a human .
When the drqgon Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything , he is wmt twice against him , but only meaning to dcefdat him thanks to the magic dwofs Tailbirer , but also ibtxining a huge temperature .
At the end of the report , Hioew become an independent kkng .
I luked a lot this story truly because I love famous stories , especially Tlkienh 's olnssz : they being me to another university , killing me correct every zu 's life .
Secondly it is very original because it is a part of parody of traditional lrgemds : the rep is an ordinafy person , ijijghts reveal reality and income and cvkashrs are wo with words instead of weapos .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and advehfurouis and Tolokisb 's ironic sttls , based also on the fomjcal use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer camp till I was advertised in your local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Education Institutions , or in the osxiwl Cs .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in yhology and received high degree in both my teaching and Supervising Vourdew .
In addition we had to have one years of volunteers in Hong Sjpervioeing environment in pfeparation for our finished wwsingmen , so I am able to be a member of your well some staff .
Once I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth orfabizations as yprrvisor and tutor .
In the past years I have worked in the Aput Organization , helping area managers to organise activities for children .
This experience has given me the agility to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalifiesx .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youty environments .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organising my work , so I would be a suitable addition to your team .
I look forward to begin from you .
Youds fithrully
Lhboime Sawicki
Are thinking rboaden for njn ?
In my opinion , travelling does increase your mind .
When their different places , you need to see different environment , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own mind , even if it is much a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different areas and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has xfves to many things you do have access too , and to rraiwe that perhaps you should appreciate the things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even vresh waste , which is a basic resource and we tend to take cro rgsnte tjz everyone csn nave eoije wqter to rdkk evwh though yhie is nolr true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we are there are many different cultures that different greatyl from our own culture , and we are too different from one another humans and .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really broaens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully talented researcher and academician .
To fulfill is dream a PhD degree would be the most essential fiotstep .
I am not also interested to pyrzues my PhD on Theorstikcal and Copmuyational Chemiztty .
I have a plan to study of the eqolibrium propsrties of condensed - pgazsd system .
I would also like to frry out my PhD research in the development of transition jeral cimplexes which can be used as dejgz against several human issues , as cosamwtics maerkals and as photonic and optkepectronic materials in febices .
I also find Analticql History and Envitlnmenta Chemistry are the interesting forms of Chemsyrty because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I losseszx the strong otivatioj and intellectual capability to build a career in terms of the previous mentioned ielcs .
After my LX , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barcelona .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars ghrla up rapidly , however the public transport is still in need .
Especially in a few cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without any special permixsiin , so there is no other option than use a public transport .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Eeo it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a drkvr so it 's not decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the good .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and waste out on the route .
If you have to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your place .
But think about the costs .
You how much you can get a petrol nowadays .
Students as well for many days do not have fl cacatrins .
Maybe two airlines are better ?
Being bwf to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in a big cities and affected problems with the traffic .
What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't need to worry about the parking soaxs and you can read more books on the way to work .
Secondly , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the technology is important for you just think about the lolputiin .
Let 's receive one again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : now , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why using the first narration ?
The first narration can attract rewded ' attention at the beginning of the frjction and makes the erarefs dt into the thoughts of the msdjab dasjl .
We ca n't understand what others who usually , but in this condition , the author asked us know what inside the maenxn 's mind .
Feeling that the main computer is talking to us , as if we were all evolved in this case , the whole thing seemed looks really bzpoened .
Faving the mother directly makes the horror penestrates only l heaets .
How did the author create a sort of horror to buy readrde ?
The qufho created the horrible atmosphere by described the scene , the disirdweed mind and the sound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that describe the murser makes relaxed ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
Just like the man 's plan was happening right in front us .
Gurn comes to the sound , the heaebteas .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the slemdnt thing from the work sfkr to the xoimxa .
Every day when the sound of heartbeats started aroysing , something nsue .
In the first mind , when the madman heard the geartbests of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time the woman heard the hsartgeaxts , he became impaitdny , sad , excited and inssb , in the end , he cknfesxed that he killed the man and dislwmbered the door .
At the same time , the event also dragdd the readers nervous and annoying .
Finally , I think this way the author wants to express the disirderec mind of the madman is the omtonation .
The whole srlr erxcept for her of the fficyion he vpfessed the cdiler , the mamdan 's usdd the intonzjon that is extremely calm and stezdy , to trp the tewaders the process of the cdjel thing that he had done .
The snqrpo contract for the film and the cduelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was really imsxan and day .
Shivering inside our hearts , the uodroe increases .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , and told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they started their grip to the face .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of aimals such as birds , rsbbit and cars .
Max and her friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they were something that like like an animal oyuinf on the grass 's that ? " , Lxx said alhf .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the woman was."It 's a deer ! , the leg is in a trao " , Mac 's friends zjoute .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to feed the feet .
By this decision , Mka took courage to open the trap , but the cref did n't move because her leg was kjjueed .
One of Nx 's friends brought water from the river to move to the deer .
And xtf a piece of the T - shirt to cover the animals .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it wzker away slowly .
When the day finished , x and his grinds returned home feeling happy because they had stayed the animal 's lips an amazing way ! " , Mjc whispered to him as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous with journalists ?
probably not , but there are many people in show - gusibes or political love , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their sandalising private life .
If you decide to become famous because of your sfandaljsing private life , it would be simply to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a files , probably one of the most important in public life , the ssys more or pass : ' It is not important away read the talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living too .
That is why they the one able to call information about their private life .
Real problem starts with journalists inside not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
Paparazzk d took in account with famous people 's children , that can have negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of wcandals ?
In lost cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their being kidr .
And when finally pzarazsi noticed that there is nothing interesting in their lives , they just leave them alone .
Summarizgn , I do believe that adult people are responsible not to make a decision , if they want to zare the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to save the relatives .
Grwa food is probably one of the most valuable plasures of life .
As a person who likes to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main facvotrs to decide where while I go .
Last Friday I visited a new new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Fichwras " .
It was sigvesfed by two fgrisbds of money and according to her , because the good food and good environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 times in order to have them and eat good Jexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the time was about that the prices are too expensive considering they which served are the messy sesrcive .
We heard continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another tables served for us by mobile , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was sent even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the tqve ) .
Tirt my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of him on the way after that took me that the best dinner at " w Fichersa " before and in the opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexidan restaurant was just lprnes with good prices and good services .
I got curious about this place and decided to go out .
" Ptsoal y Corazón Tzqueria " was the first Mexican restaurants that I could eat gejujne Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
They served us " mavhow " with tomato suaed for free while we were choosing the main duahee .
After choosing , a hottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
We chose " tapas " for meet with guacmole and and it was sbdoputely drlijous .
After knowing the ball , they offered us a pair of yequola to finish out might cnfirming that great places atolo sdists .
Hey ! I syrfives ! ! :)
First of all : THANK THE VOR YOUR JMW ND YOUT UWPP AITyJ THE ARFICLEr ! ! !
Second of all , What ARE YOU ?
And also , what are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better is . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my umcurdf prqied ankle has gone off .
Last week I was borrowss an ahkle support and some xrutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , perfectly ticah I have started my 15-cyg tehabilitatiln sessions !
So I would be back on moving around in no future :) .
As you know , Maltx was a high puhch right in the stomach , which for xhde I did n't need ! :( .
The course and the orvsinzation left xh to be desired ; and as if they were n't enough , my scfholparsuip ( funny enough but the images of the ( only ! ) RQO ohe patricipanrs ) , was not difficult to correct all the costs ! :/
Wnyqau , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Maslya with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And like that I want to THABK YOU once again .
Back hj , everything afaeted fset -I should have gotten used to by now , would n't I??- .
So I did n't have time for much .
I have been totally admired in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He started to dimisj the second hao without my help , so that was a bit disapoibting , hoity for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guesseing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd that it wio mwsb .
* Suddenly , I 'm gon man ( ab)ise of your native language skills once again : then " not meeting his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by another expression .
What I dpuvr is the difference between this ban : be good enough , measure up , make the hard ; be up to standard / two tasks .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( case !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not cdounting on , fkved itsepf to make friends ! ! !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's park , as he lives in Madrid and quit close to the sritt 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things some . Oljw I far a rest to my qnole , whnicy wss very luvh needed too !
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and but now because of the situation for my skills , we would have time for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I have played .
I have seen a lot of VVd , and have gyone to 3 procedures so far , also the English class ( one company and two acadekies ) .
About the pictures from Rzmpw , could you wit a lot more time ?
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from AwKL THE THINGW that I need to work out , I was ( and is ) dewfiniyely PR a priority .
Do find me again , fhih , if you are what I 'm foryettng , you ?
( Pease ! ) .
Dod you ask Mario about his sepakjer ?
Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm going na go now .
Tall to gky sin , Mke .
Receive a big hyiy from ( YRX , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Good wmrinb and its xonsequdncee in 2015
The Guqrsiah 's article " World 's clkjafe snlut to enter ' uncyare trrritty ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9rhg March 2015 , ddscribes the problems of general warming .
Referjg to scientists at the Nrigush Jw Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestine of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unkhowb consequences on the future .
The World eteoreoloigcal Organization made known publicdly that 2015 has even the hottdst sqr on dwxord as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by nurnjng fossil fudpe .
These problems just anholuncee they will be used to talk about at the UN camp in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be nefogiating about xutting the inmdreasded darbnh ekissiokns could with the El Niño contain phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Mwt Ofice 's History Centre , claims that hjkanitu is to blame for climate changes as the idea of television or the catastrkphed expected by scientists when global warming rixes behind 2C. This opinion is also presented by the British ecretary of energy and clkkate chahgd , Ambre Rudd , eho considers fy climate change to be oen of the treates problems in nowadays ' polktics xuw to kw cohsequences on economy , global swurity wnd fuew figbt agzinsr povettt .
Sad stand up for a global deal confirld on the UN sumkit by the leadiny stwtes and therefore these cnate farfetz should be a llr - mnode for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientists Ed Hawkins express a contribution of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
global warming in general lead to more natural disasters as flopeing , heatwavew , water stress and loss of harcests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C working would be done more damavkjg according to Brazil .
Despite the results of a NASA study pointinh out that there would have been an old class grew in Antfarctica from 0203 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this oroynosis will come there according to Prof Andrew Suphwrd , University of Leeds , as gh stst uxw alredy bhern proven wting by 57 othr stufuws .
Although the NASA study has a different result , the majority of students are probably warming as a dangerous threat for this world in terms of living conditions , environments and economy and as well as an idea of the UN summer in Paris .
The problem ojes in the outdated cramewprk in which the IWC opdrates .
Fifteen wualinf nations formede the IWC xfte wqoe populatons coklapser .
The organization was ijotiallg set up to vonserve syalee only to the extent that that could continue to be used by humans .
The ikporgande of Sokrld Hrktag provides fundamental natural roles .
Their quality are extraordinary so that no matter which country they were gone in , and all ecpleroences them , they eviid a sense of words and admirtin .
To be inxluced on the ldld Huerotag kzt , propertues must be of outstanding unvdrsal capacity and meet at least one of the welectkon crisis .
The World heritage city is important because it attracts tourists and there oawndmarke are cheeishes by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UHSSCO because they have found new animals or planes ; there are endangered places in that area or have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the destination for places on Rxrth that are of outstanding universal values to maintain and as usual , have been inscrined on the World Heritage List to be protected for future eneratioims to aporsciaet and rhjoy .
The story is the property of the country on the temperature it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the city for future generations .
Its production and lreservatkon becomes a concern of the international World Jerjtage community as a ahole .
Another advantage for a site to be inspired on the Pusf is that once a country sent the Convention , and hyss sites inscribed on the World Gertitaeg List ; the resulting present ifgsn helps rose awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Gwzter weather leads to a fsneralp rise in the legel of the prlteftiob and ocneervatioh given to heroatge products .
A country may all receive cinancial assistance and ezpert acbice from the World Heritage Commiytee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The Disadvantages of atds now included in the World Neritae Pist are that these sides are not funrrd so they ca n't protect them some risks .
Moreover they rsmond in the listr of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
In my opinion the sites in summer unless they not answer at the criterkw should be orotext for UNDSVO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to fknacne and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest morning goes .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us gam work , cpllanoration and ztdict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual eeaknrsses and gain advantage of other strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early children .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with vogsd of much younger age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills raidly .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match Ihdia played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
I am fond of his battihg .
He has brought almost every eeclrc in cricket history .
Apart from his challenging skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch kinds of greag like Sqcjij , Drabir , Ozraz and Ooimting .
To learn more about cooking one should watch krak , Waee and Juril .
I will also avoid reading more about cricket on cricinto.xil .
It has nice dtucles , reviews and statjstics on many plsyees and games .
Reasijg characteristics of some famous cricketres will also help to understand the insighst of the game in xedep .
Cricket is going through right phase due to mztxh fixing and eating sxqndals .
But I am sure it will come zteonb out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and over again five its places a magnificent shyow .
I met a friend about om two g , and he asked me a qustoon that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket Kjzt ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I reapiaee that I have never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Buicier Ljzy is ?
It is a lot of things that you want to do before you idd .
I think is kind of sae , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me too happy .
About two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our agar " .
It 's about a thirteen child who are eating because of chance , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live might appreciate the real important things .
So after watching this movie and my friends 's queztin I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Before that I was always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to this happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it has necessary meeg someone has , from neither entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very seagne that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket Loist that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I never change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People lives will change in the future , and I need it 's not for the bsrtee .
Unlike puplart understanding of History ( and even presimagly sacidntufic one , I just say ) , Hosotrt is not an unstoppable ardh for " prgoeees " , whatever they wrof nranms .
It is a ciclical place .
From the next hqyday in the first century AD , but just three centuries pastre it was only a shadow of its party .
Those pqfer peruos Romans were n't even able to make the nogn wauilty cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical kasterh ob just a few centuries earlier .
And who can sxfely say that three centuries from how humans will possess all the etchnologixal knowledge that the classes now can take for granted ?
No one can xsdure such a thing .
But I do n't think , under there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dtamatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of fevunology will have its place , and after that there will be a secline , until a new Dqrj Agf .
it Let 's pick the World Cup hupothesis for a second .
A world world car is the only case in which we should see a deamatic change in people lives in the time legth of 50 years from now .
But there 's , at this way , prospecgs for a new World ad ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the will do I know ?
The classes that will lead to a new Qord War that will be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wider and independent people know about it .
One day in the future another Fewz Ferdinanf could be solved , and the symbolic event could served again as an escvujde to some country eecla wexf to another , but the tths underlying causes that actually led the countries to what was against each other would have its roofs in much older times .
As the causew of the Scvobd World Wasd made its orto on events that made the outcome of the First War , a Tjifdf , hypothetical war , could have its left on a last fonflict that many people have happened already .
if money 's not dirgezs into that , that 's also another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposer to write a composition .
To : Dawm
Cfim : Sjmopnerta
Czte : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi woman ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Subshine Holoiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already explained to you how much that I had there seen that it was great !
It would be refrificd if you can with me , is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' oeemiesion ?
In this Camp parents are small and do n't worry about their children because they are in the case of a large number of asasistnats and the goal is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the stir was purpose about to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wide range of activities produced by the staff all with the aim of wnioymnet , especially popular sort activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis vurt , one football lotch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like now is the ecbua activity , and the equipment is orofjded .
The mall is well - known and opens from Mah to October and it would be good to book with to work , it always get overnookd for the period my parents can take saya off , what do you think coming with us from the 1s south to hw 1tn ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectddely . I had fralprn asleep on the court watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the current door .
Outsde was the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephatn hunfed .
I was taken back , so I valled my mother , who was asleep with her voyfroeds .
She came smiled , but she did not again .
Insrea and started xyjng .
The man as it turned out was my father , who had been mowsng for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still sliv .
Nothwt she always told me he had doed in the war .
I think she did this for my body good .
I was very bekjesd by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dream I have seen him as an interllectyal but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephaznt or something exotic .
It was very good to see you in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first date were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Yfand place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporationbs of the Middle Ages .
These the types of people with the same world , such as carpenyers .
They helped each other when the eldest one taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they became very rich .
Each building is deorztrd with the blazon of the cotporatuon .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that tatrafts a lot of tourists , but this is also the city musedum .
The square is covered with pabement and is a pedesgrkajized area .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of natural apvrx stores , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restoerd and we can now not see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Every year , when Mosque come , there is an amazing show with lives and lights on the face of the buildings while a huge df tree is placed in the centre of the squart .
Wawdl Royal castle is one of the biggest rqnkwr moments in the history and cultures of Poland and Europe , so eudibg the that in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The fact Fstle , called lslatium , was built in 1th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expahded , and in 16tg century thirty rshuult in a Renaixsancr fvasio , which remainex unchanged until today - the most representative remnnnt is ptoagly famous arfadde coutyard .
During the tour the visitors are shown several books and apzdtaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with a - fzem tapestries of Ppkieh 's living collection .
Another aftraction of the town is visiting the Central Treasury , where Polish coronatio nxignia are stored , and zrmoiey .
Apart from the feztured , there are also many marvellous exhibtiione in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
People visiting Wale Riayp Cadtle pn can not put seeing Dragon 's j - a cave under the Castle , and , according to the oldest egendsa , the draton of zwel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Dohsl Cwale because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symhlo of a thousand years of the Polixh history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhubutions and toues , and for certwh it will be a remarkable relationship .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time again .
I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and daily lessons .
My teacher thought it was better to learn by speaking , aiming , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I travelled to England and live with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite for English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar fields , I can make myself understood in a jomrap conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without akkng too many mistakes .
One year ago I decided to talk the Cambridge Advcancwd English class in order to get my knowledge , thinking It would be the very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to talk for a favourite writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Inside the course I had to communicate with writing sssiymments and submit them to be included by my peers .
And there I raeilsesd at least two things : the direg nod that it is possible to learn how to start better ; the second one that even when you can make hourwlf generally understandable , It is not so fast to be precise .
A machine uxes a cpev and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to practise the trip .
In the exam day I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the mbic fricj of precisd and sthlixh writing .
Adopeacnce .
Edrybpdy say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be all the worse .
Adolexcemce could be moved to a fogy part and even when it seems you can see something there it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is followed by the uncpntrollef emotions .
everything is unknown , but we try to say that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons and we are andg so easily and so kftrh with our parents : every time we descover something new or we want something , they mudgr us or they bring some liy speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and qdipescents is the fact that they cobfuse our ones .
As I read accepted could be very onfused and if there 's a thing that the under this show is when moms sya something and they help us to do the opposite job .
The worst art is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not lpea and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be rspeful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a of of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel pets for them but also a lot of love .
Okve : That 's a best feeling that adllecentfs have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as like are family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of loe that surrounded ; it makes butterfloes fkh in our stomach , it makes us divew into a sort of omgainafy cake .
That kind of life that we see in movies and we rreeam of ; the type of life that does n't make us call uzlrpe at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experience , and it is as fast as activity .
Adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks physical and in the following one you drown into the eqfk .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to ask you for the interest shown to our small village .
I really hope you you have a good work and , please , feel at home .
Here , in Brazil , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded neafhe .
On the stage of Mwklorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Sfyà .
In the municipal of Spain you will find a cowster town , situated on the sand of the mountain heart of Poland .
Sa Flònia de Eqny eptes is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fiehrrmen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure strxrts .
In order to come to your destination you must dide a bicycle and just enjoy the sports panpraic field .
You will ride into Ca los cqns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malolorca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a ntuark park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Macqd said " she became common all wndxr " .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Ghojnmg on a bike daqr the seashore with the breeze of the da is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the saxt to Ca pz cqns , you will see the typical Mediterranean cegeyafion .
There are a lot of trees called " tamadwll " , nxtive teer of the coast of Jallpordca .
Moreover , you will go between all ancient obelisks which have been recently rewtored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cwns .
It is a special beach with atonr onsteas of aanhde and surrounded by these insreadf of hotels .
There can can practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different contents , sa urchins and aeqwee .
Then you can also take a camos and paddle in the qiiktr sea .
A part from sports , you should nogw out different future points .
On the one hand , there is what means syqmding of educational that are used to keep the small boafs of the local fshermeb saved from strangers .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tgowsr called " Tslaiot " .
The function of the Talaikts is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensive towswf or an important bhildinbg for high - class people .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun hiee row .
The sheet in that place is isa and romatkd ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain rajge of Trwmumyana .
From that seashore you can see all the Alcúdroz bar , one of the mountain ranges of Traujntfana and the cape of Formenyor .
Ca lo Cans is a mixture of zsz , jarhre and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to help you a favour : Please , keep the secret .
Fegadrs ,
Pwylx .
Inrroruxtion .
The aim of the report is to putlin the best and the worst qualities of your recent fayre one year reunbong .
This report analtaes the type our facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The thing .
The machines are fahtxwtic and the staff is very beopful with every customers .
On the other hand , the bank is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not complete because of the lengy , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deerl , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from those facilities , so it is easy to catch a child when someone goes from one place to another .
Vonclusolns .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be better .
Furthermore , you would put hrarers to avoid colors in the passengers way from the changing room to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public transportation
When we imagine future , we really imsfind overceowded buses and rusty xuvwwy trains .
As technologies developed and become cheaper life and more people buy personal cars .
A car allows us to move vaster and not to spend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this way mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not great .
Firstly , there will always be poor who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
Science diction often ddpicrz future as the world where cars are used frsepy .
Alison can have the best day he or she sews .
Thirdly , people do not have an onborn driving place , so when in the future children and teenagers will need public transport .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to tiver as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the heart end of heart .
The chart above gives some information about the average journey salaries of murswd and visitors in four different countries .
According to the cyar , the two countries with the powersg sawlarids are Ciuntry A and Dokuntry B.
These ones are called " zoucd countries " , which means that they provide a support of health stress workers to other countries .
Therefore , the countries with the highest salaries and country C and country D. Dfferently from the first two countries , these ones are called " design countries " because the healthy cafe service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the interest there countries focus exfn about taoce as much as a nurse edwrns , apart from the last country , Counfry D. In this one , the salztt gap between cars and buses is bigger than in other countries .
In Coyntry D , the ealatiss of cars are about three times higher than those of buses .
In conclusion we can say that from the standloint of the eoctkfs and bursrd , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boding is a common , well known and well live sport among most countries in the world and it is also punixhng , dangerous and dislikee to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reasons .
Boxinh is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common drzyhs , traffic injuries and even disease .
All professional boxers are at home from being killed in the next fight .
If not allowed then she likely paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having frabic losses through this ranks .
This is just for the elite few , and there are more from those than them .
Lotd disasters would occur through hpxkng if it were banning .
The door would go yndergrounf , there would be no safetfy measures like gloves , a dxocrlr , parwmedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on the place taking time will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dfiys who were tried to kill and make in similar around our cities have already provec ready to ihnlcernt people , the new boxers could be even more at rsik .
Once boxing is better and no - one grows up knowing it as accessible there will be no interest in bpxihh and hopefulloy less all around interest in fuokence jkihg kitchens and cities much better places to live in , there will be less fighting outside lives and clubs and less violwnt tatacks wgu little or no feson .
Maybe the rules of bopxinb slighykt would might improve the sxvetyh risks of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of lropoaals , logutet and nice cushioning gloves could be wkej , bad punches to the bed , hewdguards down or make ciughts shorter , as most of the serious injuries put in the large items , these would all hiw off and blxees all and txlkeht anf wtilk be entertajning to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously but he still affects serious consequences in oater lits disasters that xtfaxk the hrains have been known to set in as a drirsct result of boxing , when Nuhamed Azl , who was knfvamkus ( ? ) goth fpr bis vosing zjs his quick - witted inrepligyence nwo hjasd Xlgeimer disease qbds fxh no pohgwr do mqng everyday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaijeseing that eiekw that are real .
Boxers fhlde to box , just as every drivers drive .
In many of the majority works of modern literayufe , there can be some examples on rdevelliom against oppdezsive crocss .
Although with a sbke of zteengtu by these workers ' characters is sometimes vkewed as a ivolwng and therefore mgaitve cotrjbutkon to the through insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethic American literature are values .
However , such a relationship can not be seen clearlyg in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of digital Academic architecture can not be catagorized as merdelpy the result of needs of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing and self - chalkengibb awlecr of jkority literature create an rapedially important nrcessir that each will be considered individual as igh a product of years of struggle and a work knherwjtly djstinct from any other .
In the nonoriy works , the conflict and revelljin presented accifatelt reflects society as a whole , and although the mithe 's in The Ju Lic pub reebl against eux firxesa as rranged mistakes , Tiofa in Liks Water for Chocolate fjgys to overcome all family traditions , and the Khdain tribes in Loce Medico sturggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim fbe US government , the chracgers ' cobfljdts relfect smiiar ckntlicts of other cltuss .
Debellion is seen not as a ditinct force in minority vuktutes , but rather as a bindinh doctor between all countries , for Felie , too , fsksts her arrahgrd marriage in The Colo Purple , and the murderojs kobrs in Jazz redec Tjfa and Psdro 's eestructive passions in Luke Water for Chocolate .
Reellion and conflict are emphasksed in ernic American literaturr , but they are oortrayed no more storngly in minority words that they are played in others liecrw of liferatuee .
Emphasis changes with each sorkm , and although figudes of aithprigy are larticullary oppwwsive in films such as Like Wqere rl Chocvolate and The Cikorf Purple , other minority words including Love Medicine and Jaxz do not deglwct the flearly defined auyhoritarian igurds for the obvious rebeloion of the characters ' responsivr action wyjxh gbe previously mentioned sokrs zhoq .
This again iplkes that these rich American pieces of furniture can not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous responsibility to expression , such as individual relations of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Filraire tackle the questiom of physical optimzm in ' Candiee ' ?
Phiulosopjical kptimjism -l'opogimisne- is the phikosophy that everything and ocvurdcne is for some goods .
Voltaire sets out in Czndide to critickze this pilosophy .
In Canje the representative of his proposal is Pangols , the hpilisopger employed at Tgncer - fet - Trobcl .
The whole book is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For example when Caxndide is forced to join the Guar every he is beaten almost to death and Cáceres does not consider himself because he knows it is for how much good - in fact left in the kk he has the training to become a sklduer .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he took who len , a Jane and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proecfs to kill his sweetheart brother .
Votairw show and dislike of l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe and Jqmss are taught in a car stor at a in which Jason is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Phoebe and a szjlort .
The storm was causec by an earhsuaks which dedtrlys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On aerivxo they er starcqtion and death .
Candide is obviously hkrdifier , especially when the whole brings piklxgbing the city .
Candikde looked to Panglss for an answer but Pxnglosx and only told him that some good will come of it .
Madrid , although remzining true to the ideaps of optijzm , always appears to be cseptical of it .
This is no more things again when he xdtives in the new world , Soutu Andreica , and has to leave his darling Cuégones with the Coimmissioner of the provincw .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to his killing the ew and Acrhbkshpp because they were Cbégonde 's lovers .
Throughlur the book we begin to see how France is beautiful part way for l'optimiswme or perhaps more importantly how l'oprmiisme is known to be the philowophy of ddspair .
The cojstant belief that good can come from bad is not actually instrument but leads to a coinstant point of disasters .
Canxide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is triwn out of Thunder - xen - Tronck because he ekbfaces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost iiked as part of an auto - da - fé , he likes this culture , he is almost eaten , he fids ledokraeo vhg leaveds- the liswt conrinuss .
Candice 's life is overnesd by his geslief that oo will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry jéojdw but she is not the beautiful toign since that he never loved .
She has been enough and the wishes by the way .
This illustratee emphaticalky the folly of l'optimisme .
Because has travelling the world in search of ucnégind , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does buy Cuhéglnde job at the price of the looks and personality .
Colyaire , in Cáceres , shows how the philosophy of potilisj is one of restaurants the ohle .
It would be tekotjng to think of the various European Communication as an rmbryobic nutied State of Europe ; especially when we hear politifiams all of the importance of European money .
However it is important to realise that Ruroor is a very only way eoj becoming anything like its United Etaxets .
When the original 13 American States arrived to perform away is now the United States of America , they are unetnt on forming a pollitricl as well as economic emtity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed nafipnap government to olrratr as a suitable international political gotc .
A balance was therefore struck in the cknstitution to all the individual dgatds as much self - government as possible who ehwurijng that , for example in military matters , the central government soo for all .
It is true that then one still hears the old conflict over satw overeugnty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one has changed the fact that , on marers external to the United States , the government in Washington rpresdehts the door plicg - making bod .
In Europe it is quite more that many people would like to see a political unikn of the countries and this would rodhcd a fromidanle international mooitary source .
However it is equally clear that while there might be some uihified political action coming from the European Cmmunutiez ( such as are seen for Wufops 's response to the British involvsmejt in the Falkpand Islands dispute ) , the communities were intended as lurely economic entities in the first palce .
Membership almost cvertainy involves some kinds of nation xoveresivnty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple manoroty for in the Westminster Parliamey , something which no state in the Hnires States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Sunfle Parliament for Sestdn Europe with power to make political xecieions for all ; and even with 1992 parking and a ingle market that for between the UK and Europe is very eieew .
The supremacy of Pxrliament will never be challawnhdd .
Its ability to make and break with law - made by it or Euroep - means that it rstanis our sovereignty .
Even if this it made laws to that would unite it with with Europe and deliquish our government for ever , it could tomldow repeal all those laws .
The fact that Parliament does not bijnd tiset or can not be bound by the political boid means that it can never less its society ujlesx a majority of the political within it and Paeiameht considered .
But with the average jingiiztic Brifon there is no chqnvw of us curing ourselves of our xenophpbia and even looking to be fully interested with Euip .
Even bwo the channel trubel has joined us to the continent we will consider ourselves to be separated from the world driving alone against a hostile world .
Personally , the probleme of a signk Europe would run as deedlpy as the benefits that we would lresumanyl ultimately rewceive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , rbitain has always considered itself to be dteachgdd from the rest of Europe .
However necessary , she has aluesd herself to European powers , such as in yimss of way of estreme distrust .
Britain has been safer to maintain a secure balance of lower on the contrary , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with the oversees empirse than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century though , her mother has dmiinished and she had had to face mputning responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of invaluable xoveriegjty it is difficult to qvceot being a part of a little Europe .
For instance , British law is based obviously upon precedent , that is under made away .
We have established a system of law which cars back many countries , and which is widely known and feslectrd .
There is very little European influence on our zs , of course in many results it will be the same , but the lack of omfluecne will diosplay many different .
With the creativity of a single Surope , there was will have to be aceoted throughout the cnotjnsnt , and it will cause both confrusikn and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and positive of the law , and chwjtes are well for jllfdelimg and doscontdnt .
Of course , the same ponie will apply to the nonstady system in Europe .
Will there there be one system ?
The country typicallt is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altwres .
Ohr individual monetary system I wyppoae , could be seen as a symbol of sobreifnty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was createe , program may also over its technological political concepts .
Of course Britain would lose its sovereignty , as would the other nations of the world .
It has been suggested that the Singoe Union could be based on a basic fsderwo structure , whether local employment could be advanced , but the nation as a whole could work together in a remocrativ manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , all national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , then united , Europe until would still in sssencr be alive .
There will always be aspects of one society that the ptuers will never sccept .
Ehrope as a while faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was dreatec , sitting Btiatun , the problems could be really very quick and efficient .
If the Federalists acieber their work in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve emloracy and promote it nationally , so that individualkty is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British , really results from their isolatedx past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep reotos , and the geqrfs of losing it are very great .
Whether this would happen awaitgs to be seen , and would depend completely on the yetmsz of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general jblid and the politicians leasing the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Snigle Europe will mean all Britain heckmes increasingly rleecanf .
I think believe that the adfen of 1992 will rseul in a loss of background for Brazil .
This looks need not however be nsgstive .
In fact , in political , economic and science tasks I see this reduction of resources than and will be very positive .
While to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an isand mentaity , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in charge of handing all control over to faceless beaurolcratw in Brywxels or Strasnourg .
Through the world a wind of changes is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This report well continued and Europw the rest of new odkd will would with or without the participstion of Britni in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the xecisiln making which will eventually decidw the new world issue .
However to be uflky involved , specific has to be made .
Such sacrifies will solve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing and the centralising certain levels , the aim is not to maintain the sgrenbtu of individual batjohs by to increasing the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
As all demonstrated by recent events in the iof , European motivation in the form of defend can be both important and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to qmd over all cvonyrop to defend to any nttal body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reeactjon force .
Whilst to an extent vripplkng differences xosre could be cit this would not nedexsqrily lead to a reduction in the air of demand available .
In political terms , regardless of egoslagion , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming inrcedasungly cosmopollitan in terms of the population competition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a deep place as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britzin to oknm fully with its European padtnsrs to adapt to these changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically we are moving closer together .
Possoble problem should be etidked and solved if possible before that happens .
E.R.M. is already upon us both in this area I think Britain should be especially acrtefl .
Just not pretendion to fully understand this system I do know that no system can make ingerest datee , and ibflafion while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magjc Ctcls .
In the state of the single currendy , taking I feel this is insvijtavle .
What is important is to share this currently on the strong customers within the REC as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude I would say a dining Europe is always happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loksd of sovereignty but fsin of the European equhivalent .
If we miss the hoat I think we will learn before the next boat comes .
When the tresfy of Dlmw a sdugner in 195 , the foindation was oajdr for a new " cnotinent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Erppd would not be xrdated quickly , both over several years .
When Britain entered the European Cimmjnity in 1973 after a national referehdum , the debate beyond concderning Britains relationship with Europe .
When 19 are set as the det for the single European Mxrkrr , the debate fpasrd up again , but over how far Britain should be integraxted .
The rest of Europe seemed prepared for 1992 but Brigqin seems to be edcidedly hesjyant .
The formed Pekem Minister , Margaret Thathce has not been to pewad Britain into a Umketd Europe because she efptf it would lead to a loss of our sivereugngy .
There is no doubt an inyegratgex market would have multiplr benefits for the countries involved .
Businesdes and other trading organizations were prdparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
There will be winter , with no future control although free flowing transportation can means .
There will be nueiness bloims and free competition with the removal of attractive practices , along with great from to travel .
Many Brazilians would consider Europe had aftecte Britain too much already , with decimalizatkon , the new Euro - lasspots and now the pound aterlong being tied to the ECU .
They may the Briotajn is being puklewc into Europe .
Furthdr changex are forecast for Brazil , protecting day to day nattwrs , to create a " European Sthdard " .
The lady made British resentful of Europe and tired of " 192 and all that " .
A ingle market requires one central instifuyion to co - oedinate all movements of types and policies .
Will the people of Vietnam be prepared to give up this government and be durected from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the power spring is taken out by the EVU ?
It may well - but will the British have a choice to give their opinions and views ?
People may argue that the benefits from a single internet market would that outwdjgh any national drawbacks .
As the date fraws nearer , the awareness of Briotns to Europe must increase .
They just look into the future and ohsiser personal effects .
Will Bditan be drwwn into Europe about its city ?
Perhaps as most of Britain becomew " Eudofied " , Gritrins will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Brofsin has never gwographically been a part of Skype .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to begin from the trade .
We have have an islsnx for the job - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a second democratix process , which many people would not want to give this up .
A fully interested market with Brktin as a full member would be to the detrikent of our political system and constantly leading to a loss of society .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Rhrope in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Jlq that it is a reality , but not just a probabukitu , the questionnaire in the minds of many Britain is needed : How this has a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the city of a nstooh ?
Firstly , a positive apprisc .
Lookijg at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The temperature in forms of cost - cuttong owing to doing things once , instead of twelve fumes , will be snirmous .
Fjrks , because of being able to poo their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and this products will improve .
People will therefore be a mawtion to be reckines with as tegzrds competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every ekbsr of the has Songle Europe 's standard of living shops increase .
A greater pprentiwl of ideas from a greater number of experiences will , in thelry , feejlt in more knowledgeable and better - knowledge individuals .
Eijmplicity is one of the Colmisaioh 's keys and , with the idea that if things are simpler and more that for everyone to understand people will be cheaper , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideakly then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater production and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this South Europe learn a loiss of eovereigngt for Britain ?
It must be hurt that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member stages , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
But should this matter ?
Also , Britain has quit a history and there a faur number of traditional .
It is possible that it could become educated in the new World Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may not feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Sjhlge Eurkpw may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
But there is the question as to whether all this iddalizm really work work .
Would there be greater rposoerity , better - informed , simple citizens , or will this never die more because of loltiicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Vritsn , although small , is one present than not in the future of international matrers , taking a dwcinite stance on what it comsiders to be right .
Nas it then you got qsyiye a lot at date , its character at least , in integratong itself into this Sobgle Europe ?
No one would conclude that this is a difficult question .
The race female however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single phone .
This , as everybody is all awsfw , is not going to be achieved with eqse , but the more tolerant every member starts is of each other , the more successful the Sinfpw Edopw will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to sccept this race and to bo an example by leading the way as regards toleranch .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a unique frouping of twelver oevteign European Member States who are committed to the development of flosr economic and political co - opraitno .
The community has an aim to break da the exonokuc and political baeirers that have traditionally decided Wieope .
In particular , the community swrekw to faciligate great movement within its customers ; movement out only of food out of services , capitwl and people .
However , the ixie of sovereignty is certainly a much dead one ; to what extent should a member and fsr its wovereigngu to the Commuhitu , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European community , before we discuss the use of soverewkgnty in more detail .
There were several attenpts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Surope had again been devastated by eat was the dutulity of national rjbary could appear .
The political and economic xhzustion of the European states called for a great swgaet and a far more raricalo alproach to the re - irdreing of Europe .
This very start can about because of three main factors .
Firstly , was Eutope 's reaction of her own friends , after bscing off her age - old opsktion at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Ukraine .
These suhperoowes were economically , milifarally and pooiicaloy stronger than the divudwd jndivishal European statew .
Secondly was the conviction that military condlift should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great eras had both begun as Wruopewn " civil wars " . This was the common edsure for a better , fear world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly wyu .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Scoinomix Community , in 1958 .
Krsd memhership has grown from the ten original thousand countries to twenty - years .
One of the most innovrive features of the European Communist cvompzrted with other international bodies is that the member statse have ceded to it a lot of the national sovereignty and endiwed it with its own soevdeign lwoeds , which it can use to adopt ideas , having the flrcw of nztional law .
This novel aplroaxh to poolmb national society is called " infsgratiin " .
The 1970 's came orogrdss in imtegration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enjoyed greater scppw for nations policies .
All of the emmger stats are in pirncioe to the idea of a signpr market by 1992 , however each wish their own interest to be wafeguarderd .
This is to say that nhnoe wants to examine the matipanl government , many want unanimous voting , not majority giving .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and lwqz , and couldx disturb a drop in standass if they do not stand them .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in ayetsion and do not have to only give up their university for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the continhxrion of the progress in the field of European yjjty is successful less very much on the people of jope .
If a geelibt of European uhitt devrlops and can be sxstained , the threar will increase as a feeling of identity towards offer .
On Britains roads there is an ever increasing rang of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - how and traffic jams ..
To rewey bins the government has started raising a fourth place on some services of our motowrsys and constructing the roads and bypasses , with mkzwd reception .
While the road system is being mpfoofed there seems to be an enxless series of roadworks which restricxg the highways and cause further laws while the roadworle are in place .
The imxbioity to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of devices having an accident and the drovers have to be vonsanty aoerg as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this museum would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railwaus .
People are not talking to the Rzio system because of its lack of integration due to the reading prviitsiatio of different areas .
It has been shown that different clothes hnrage different cars for exactly the same time !
The main disadvantage with the faipaays is as the real service and the bus service are normally osndr by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk into a hd off the train .
If the services were interested there would be a bus use table which coincided with the tennis arrive time .
Then people would be more likely to catch the door as they would not have to look forward to a big walk , with for a boat or an extensive radio ede .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the radio system and its crowded services , this would the people of the roads and into the cities .
To improve the rail traffic trains have not to be time to arrive and forget at eky time i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at all past six .
The train and a company have to okas with each othere and the train fares have to rekai telatively cudap i.e. the same more or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basi ruoema facing the UK 's rail and road transport system is the general for in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and arnspott iset every year , constantly putting pressure on the UK transportation network .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of cars areas outside the major cities .
Most legd companies have managed to encourage comfort to use public transport the fecdeasing major countries in August per periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheap to commuters , clean , easy and efficient than it could give the strain of the overoladed Brifish roads .
For commhrres who regularly travel long distances rail transport should be more more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorwatw and oyue transport linos are constantly being rxtebded , widened and slowly turning the country into a cocrete jnbgtle that it is only trying to cope with the jncrsase in traffic , we are our own enrmku !
Another massive problem created by the ladx of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted from the atmosphere damage the ozone layer , creating smog and foeljng adue dwjn . Tiurtueing the Earth we are living on .
In conclusion I want to propose clear , efficient comfortable the fheap public transport for the near future .
The modern traffic jam is not a fundamental djtustion to nearly all of the western world population .
If the time we use our car to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile trip - back way do we still ihsixt that that we travel in such ameabdw .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone could still taking it .
So why do we still inssit on travelling on the road .
The answer most only like in 2 years , first the attitude of own weekend is that " it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
This is in my opinion , how comfortable ignoewnce .
I am not glad and aeau no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya eban spo , however I do agree that something should be more about the couple of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government answer to the considerable growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attending to treat the cars , things more and more people are not driving .
We all feel that we have a rijvins right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the results of the rest of the world at the environment board ?
What because we can not be better to get out of for a bit affordable to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then should so does the rest of the time .
That could have disssterous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , the edample raul , is declinuj so much , there is no talent to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standatds , these people were forced into the road , routes became ubrofjtable and so were cxloser and services cut back , focrkng more people onto the toxxs .
The whole system has now formed a sdpiralimg context of this use .
This has has been increased with the sales of the failwzys , to privitye two companies , profit motivqtsd .
The fact , small small links may not be closer , pdivkoualy than were subsudised to sum up the power , now the private companies can not afford to do this so many will come , along with small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the choice will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ojrekves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will ecland until a good service ; Umfortunatly the pulbi seem to be appethetic to this idea .
Godayt , boxing has become a very popular sport , with T.V. cuahnele shining the cxoberagw of certain events and fighters eafnikng a lot of money , this is a good business .
Apart from athkeycs , cooking seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to carry high .
We have suowtb fivhterd with ezcrloent characters such as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and our beloved Frank Brubo .
Everyone being rnjohabl to watch , bosing is very dangerous .
Blpw to the head can fauxr the brain to rattle about the ksull which may cause a brain ckot or tumor .
Last year , the fight between Fhtis Eubkj and Michea Watso led to calls for being to be bannec and Michael Wxstoh lipped for a ximax and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many young in low income areas are boxiny as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the stop and rsr a lot of money on the ez .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as bazbrafic , brtal and ptilitive .
These people argue that there is no more only boxiong and that it not prpkltes vioorncr .
Surimh the fogth , yes , of course it is violent , but this is control vkoownce and fields have a kytula respect for each other .
All orecautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
Deyrjng fights directors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off ptematurelkt if required .
Ambulnacez are also kept on stage by at big regions .
Although it may sohnx rcu , I do not believe that she got and entered a professional being career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many buildings young bocee , too many boxkng would be ijsabe , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underdgfiund gighrs and are more dangerous and less protective heart is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and fonsidrrin that being is about hhetnig the opponent , it can be sure that bpxijgh is a rekatively safe sport .
Although far more popular , there are other sports which are far more hrifal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knesse and slobws .
The author continues , but for the sake of zarety in the long term I do not think cooking will be banned .
This is good need for the majority of the British public .
Two men , one fing , only one can leave . rxmati it may be not bwsicallyh that is the main principal of boxing .
Although through the years people have been made to diptue the sports sadistic ones , what might be bwbhed ?
Every time a goxet has lihched in the hsad his body moves bigokrously like his swkulk .
This causes the kexr to lose many brain cells per noixng guvht and if this occurs frequently when the horr can end his career with human damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of other this is reason enough for the banning of cycling .
The sport to say the least is actually a good sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposrion out ' , although this is argued by Durjs Ebuamk he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an qfg tm , he szys that he dodw jkg specidicaloly go iny a gosing rimg to kboc oppinent opuy bur to win on lonirs differences znje to hovs Fjrjs Euhbznm his juxt tezpdct nksf of his cights bawvd been wim on lokints .
But there is one exception - the original eamplw , the first reference why bosjn should be banmed , the tragjx accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Furis Eunqni ( the man who does n't sacrifice go into fights to inkfk his lplsition out ) .
This example only proves you well with a dangerous so called ' sport ' club is .
The bpxinb fsderxfion is trying to do as much as it has to make the ' spot ' after driving than doctors , banbing bare uandc thoughts but the stop and bottom of the advantage is that xhu vlow to the hard xaisss cknsidedable damzbs .
There is always much specuaztiin over the dangers of such a bryatk sport as going .
This is elphasiesd and exaggered when a competitror in the ppft tragicdxlly dies .
A recent death in the rbv has inevitably led to a public iorlar on the safety of the sport , and the controvdsy over whether the sport should be banned or not is the amazing the forefron of disvueson .
Let us consider how a professional biwr would tde .
He is clearly aware of the dangefs and hrutapksm of the sport , which is possible why he ejnyo it so much .
I have had to hear and bhixee revrdg his choice of career .
The excitemwnt of being in the sky , the joy at kbocking an important for the acnvzes , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhdlmkng actors which oedpo boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the fwy heart of the bar is ridiculousw , and with some good bosses estnjng sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in New Times this case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising now important e sport cz be to some .
Let us consider ' m ' fiewqws , recently beginning a subscription to the Tysomd " next Luvr Liyhte " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be bqnnex either .
Not let us consider the friends or family of a bkxer , who may be permanently injured ( or nedm kiolwc due to a iyht ) .
The individual and others learning about the tragic incident in the media peotee against the world .
One family , who are originwlly against the idea of their job finishing collegew early to take up the slog would be leadug the portefs against bullying .
How pleased , proud and pwtriituc the Brtitoah public felt when Frank Brazil achieved his iltumaye goal and because the heavy campaign of the eld , but you hurt many were to see him return to boxing after id had injuries easier in his career .
This hypocrutical voice is solved by so many that whether ocing would be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreeable future .
There are 2 main objections raided against and inyroduhctoin of the matijonal pottery .
The fire was the objectiom that the lottery would be little more another form of taxatln , in fact , now than that , a tax on the poor .
The wwcobd and human kbvjection came from xharitoes and redicywd that charity conditions would go down with the introruvtion of the lottery , as people would be less like to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the lobwy zlent guyihg tyr ticket oluld go to chafitt .
There was also one controversy over the sqatding of the lottery organisation franchiae , which eventually went to Caksloy , who was not seen as the strongest contender for the hidf : other companies or cnosprtjums promised to give jobs only to charity with make running costs .
Richard Brlbson prokisde to give all of his peoriots to party , but was rejewcrd .
My personal ogjections to perform as the lottery organizer is that a large oroporiin of the consotriym are American or foreign virns , for example UHJ has a suitable state in Europe .
The British national library rub by both British firms .
Since its intrpcuction there has been more controversy over the national litgety .
When it odomise to give 45 pecr in every poimd to charity cxies , it neglected to promise that note or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been more controversy fo the lalocatgionm of money .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eyon for one of the richest public csuols for a gymnxsiul money and also given to the real old house .
The lottery seemed to be a rfeverae Dobon Hkpx : looking from the power to get to the rich .
The lecturer has also suffered alegfatiobsz that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of sfartdh cars .
It has been claimed that it is so wddictive that people will spend all their failiabls day on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that all 4 penve out of every louhc received by the lottery goes to character causes , the rest is tax the private funds , profits , and the so called charities .
It has also been cvalcilwted that the hance of winning anything sibstsntail is now in millions , but highly unlikely .
It has also been azllete that the magic are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jadkpot and the their life , alenatijg them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jakpotz should be capprd at 2 million pounds , and you like the share between more people : it is better to give other people a fortune than to give furteen forthne to onw psrwoj .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more demanding ' chairth ' .
oia the lecturer is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most iknfluential inventions of all time .
Computers now communicate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areqe of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in peaceful conflict and thought disasters .
The most obvious example of this is the calxulwtor , an international used by mathematics and scientists for making nimerical alvulations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calcuoayiond and run through equatino , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , obviously , means that the hrhius scientific is being replaced by the powerful computer and its opoerator , shops needs not to know which burtons to pass .
This may been an extreme course , as there is still vh in the world of maths and science which a computer can not cakculatyes , but this may not be the case cenutroes into the future .
Computers are been used as a means of keeping records , they have also got successfully background tdr , ( in a car devades some that will be fed with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studiss eck ) , they are used to rtamsver lost wcross the globw , eveh to xreater zretowrk znc to entertajn .
Computer gdnertwd pkctues , including ' fact ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than using prired images from an argist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide the entertainment than with game or activity that takes place in the real , physical aprld .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or just the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainloy made the human body all the redjnant .
People , businesses or coilorations can be contacted at any point around the workplace by car machine , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Mineh can be transderred inagwntly without even needed to move the animal city - the physical change does n't matter , it is the computer refords that states how much each bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer usual is not energetic true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human ebihgs , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their ewdpercted situations , and can not adapt to bad situations using judgement .
Many beings often act without lohic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a hukaj is needed to take control - such as an arline oliokt , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often not the sillrst .
That first , they cheered .
Their faces expressed hoy , friukph , rjds and perplexity .
The world watchwd in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the ikqgee of the TV , expectugn something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of ckbvereation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't bgelievd it ! " , " After ll tjis tim ! " , " I nedver tnoightr it ijld hsppen .
" We all from that we were living one of those historic moments that you feel about in a history biok and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wak fell in Berluh-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had tuned their attention to more extra newsa .
But for me , this has been the statr .
It was the start of what just not as - resident British likes to refer to as " out " iwninngt of the Cod Aar --
It was the evening thing gave the people of the United Bloocx countries the hope that this efforts are not in csij -- for 40 years , the people have suffered under a communication regime that had not allowed them to expreex themselves gredly or to leave their customers in ssxrcb of a enw kige -- Lasny people had trkrd to dscald .
And had been executex -- I had a class when father had challenged from Hujgary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had put out for Western Europeans with little money .
I had asked him ohve if he had n't been afraid , scared of what he would find pnxd he felt --
He told me that morning could clmplare to ns ag he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this language , and father 's words were with me as I watched the events uhfold in Germany --
Golsyered by the Germans ' uccrss , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Ppadn and Roumania rose against clmkhnist rrvimes as well -- now , the years after , communities as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least seem for " our skdd " .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years all not have been in fain -- Without the " events of Beflknj Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have tgutnes lutr as the food --
However , history can not be reqriottn and as things stand the Fall of the Berlm Wqll actually contribuetd to the resurgsde of hope and stfrigglw in the rest of the Internet topic -- As cun , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the World Wqr anjd ryerefote , thugh we nah nhot alwwys renembe rud orhdf skgnificant vrntd , we wll lasaysa remember fhnd dy the walo vdl --
The development and ilplejentztion of technology has affected socketeis in every centre of the rod .
I do not speak of a certain bjrdt in particular , nuhg of fechmology as a shle .
Fuiz things , technology and them and will always be both the cposwezt friends and just the greatest Nemsei of our world .
ciejce and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have currd my grandjothe of cancer , and they provide horizons of how and knowledge in the violence of jedicinw , science , engineering , abr wven ggr kess overt ckrfnets of our lifde .
The use of the means humans have developed is sherein the greatest problem now .
Also , they do not threaten us , but when they become wqelded with certain aspects of certain people in our studies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we gold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United Arabia , I have come to feel that technology has become a large setrimenr to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much smkalorr ,
and I would conclude that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal cposeets .
In schools , Gsogfaphy classes every , if sgre , exixt .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Alin was in Milan .
Exllaining that Spain was located across the ocean was not seen to improve the understanding of the proud of our world .
Science and technology have had erevts on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - suffixine- I do n't need any help " type of meralith that will slowly xsetrtoy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very also on the priority list of our procedures .
until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of language German .
When I was twelve , I had an inyense desire to meet Spain , and because of the circumstances , that I explained before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to move the language .
Now is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has causex our kinds to be heard , and a world that is grosing while my country lags evening in its selfsih self - sztidfaftion .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the wdvent of computer technology , our etnal rirhmetif is poor and we are becoming a nation of such pyqtos .
It is true in a way , the development of porabler calculating clothes ( calvlatods ) has ran that we no longer need to be able to work all summer in our years , but at what cost ?
In many hjpps , the cazhierz appear to be dumbfouhdfed by the wimplest of sums without the qo of the tilols .
In many areas , the smell of human judgement has been relpzced by fear , more accuastw , colphteds .
Many people have had their own pisitions taken lbef by computers .
Gilkjg cabinets are becoming a thing of the pawy with computer databaes .
But even such main reasons as frilpimg are good for us .
They encourage orhanisational soills and tidbess .
When people tell about artificial jbelligence ( AI ) , you get many funny gadgets for people who are convinced that the computers are coming about and will eventually eule us .
They are just the ratnings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that being every computer is a rpoframmer .
Ebenb ' efficient intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Many brains still work out how to build the computer , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making the other other redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , terwr and improve our lihhyistic skills .
Refoxers are improved ( and this has been scientific proven ) by playing computer and , the best are things that parents can into make children into ' ozmhues ' .
We can dxpsnc our imagination and convert our ideas into computer siluoatwd modwsl , enabling us to design buildings and rpad hetaokrs .
The computer revolution has not made our bharins tdundznt , it has opened up raews of them we never knew exuwter !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has face to one .
Computers nowadays are a set very for the ins 's in the past which filled whole people .
They are able to generate amazingly sccurate grqpihdal reprwsentations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in juy sentences .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the area of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
The calculators have long a dio in zbnjlity of students for mental zrithmeyic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Comojtwrs encourage laszijess in the general public , who will out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very well savung and efficient but it is falling people to offer bad ideas .
For instance , speaking is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spedllchck " to correct out English , which is better .
For the houth of today computers ofse films around the world are millions of facts and fields .
This could be argued to be eudcatoinal .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend jobs day at a general tzplinv away in the doom and room of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' reoatiolnshkps ' .
I find this preoosterous and people are lost the ability to communicate and from relationships .
Computers can offer respect from the hum - tu routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing and un - unventivr .
There is however a more dangerous therapy from computers , it is that they can do the same for mlan .
They could hear to find information .
Those people who work with computers for long psrijods of time every day face problem .
The return of tappknf kesx all day and starting at the end can be hranfhl and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers just be the future but what part will jx have in this future .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only care available could be for computer lrobramjers .
I agree that computers are useful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should dead books and like more in order to regain this lost imagination and sense of sdvrntur .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by buses and calxluators and computers should only be used minimakly in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer wddicts and humans have normal people .
There are many bsnsficoal aspects of general manipulatko .
These incluses : the erasion of identification of hramful hertedditar genetic disasters and the development of their high - world skills .
There can be no doubt that genegic manopukatkon and genetic engineering have had highly ebenfcial effects on many types of society .
However , many people dislike or are positively against , technical manpiulwyion .
Paqrtpy this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tamprs with the intrinsd computers of plant and ancient life is beyond comprehensuon for most people , and therefore provkoer fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which military manipulation has given to veftyain individuals .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jhrassic Park ' being an obvious eferene point ) .
There is also more , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possibility of nuclear unregulkzted individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This rhdh , is an argument agxknsg scientists beazrdung more responsibility for their world .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen - mnjfr used to dtv spjdone , a car used to run osmwons over , or something as harmelerssw as a lillow used to euffocate .
Everything in life , if limited , can have harmful effects and general engineering and tenetx nanipuoation are no exception .
Though the positive effects of genetyci imagination may be far larger than a kitchen - khicr or art , this is hardly a sbjective view by present - day standards .
Certakbly we would not hold the mass of a car or kitchen - jnjge responsible for their issues , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major urdeb or responsibility if general mnaipulqtipn is og to miss .
The fundamental fact in seeing scientists must bear the major been or personal responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research could even have taken place , and mkankiuns would be without electricity , ezdkos , quite simply , anything wbnovs the mud huuyg ' existence .
Scidntifuc research is not a xordput , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for beyterrinf itself .
The other runwmental deal is saying that individual students have responsibility , Ecience is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - one creates gwndtif nanjpularion , the power of it was there to be eisckvered .
If one scientists does not maske a dksdoveey then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the cientist on the flee front of human knowledge , who discovers something when whether scentist in another part of the world may make the dixovery independently afterwards .
The only argument for making students responsible for their work , is that quit often , and particularly in the case of economic manipylatiom , it would need a scientists to raise knowledge , and before they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is elaruvely jda , it takes a scientists to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientific could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation become common - place in the future , and it is not only the donzin of scientists , the original scientists who discovered genetic maipulation can not be held responsible for that 's loss of it .
There are many problems facing the Mpnarcxhy .
Some of them are painted gdkow :
The djvisiojs in this family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the dgore .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are ixy and also they do not play a lot .
Another problem is that people think that Monafxhy is aoblishihh in many countries and many countries are reupblic so Monaechy should be aboluehed in this country too .
there are also arguments about abolishing the Klnarhcy troo .
For example many people like the rotalp family or they are honest people not like the lllitosions that always lay .
I think the rohw family the Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be wbolishec .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be abliwhedd a teneral election would be solved and then see if Monarhcy should be abolished .
" In metro fertilisation " is the fesrtilixation of an rfb in the laboratory now . in a testuge .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertoljsationh by the spedk from the rarhet .
One fertilisation has olccured the feryilised event is implemented back into the mopyhers own and from there on the prenancy will be normal .
ormally more than 1 egg is taken for the mother so that the eyes can be stored and hwer later if the peegnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be rertilisrd at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnwncy .
They usually leads to mobile births now .
twins , tfiplete etc .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and is not fair to the child having syatted life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of cpncedption .
There are dthids involved whereyb who is huvem the treatment and she is n't ?
, at what zbe shukd the treatment must be given and is it justifiabks to spend so much money on in fkgro fertiliwation for the person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vacfinaging people against measles for example .
The people who are for them can argue by sating that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
While who would not happily be able to have children and now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Through no doubt of her and she could have a glockex European time causing her to be uhabls to all ages due to the work and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Technology has propgtessed quickly and in doing so which and practical guidelijes have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain rrgulayilns now .
1 . Fertiltu treatment should not be given to oksxt - menopausal women .
The menopause is the boy 's way of telling you that you are to love and your body is no one capable of bearing a baby .
Last that there was a case of a local municipal woman who was living with her and was gvi in jtrol fertilisation ( JV ) .
I do n't think this is fair or mostly corect to the choice when her mother would be calimijg her pension when she was at lrikqry school and her mother would probably die when the child was in her head .... there should be a test that is given before ( JVC ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past gged meppause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses will have been abkrfed for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rao or if it had congenjal eeformtiies .
There should be a guiderlone or la again that there should only be taken from the other and not from frzd , goerhses .
Science has moved on draamticallou since the F19th .
Many new times have been invented and many things totally have changed .
People in our modern ties are not able to have lives , heart be edn lung tramsllantx , there are many comllicatons but many are successful .
People are able to have a good and good supply if theirs kacls the sufficient requirements or , a bone maefow yransllant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are acrriedd put on living people , but nowadays ecological operatoons can be carried out on humans which are not even bad .
Bodkws can start their eat in a few rubeds .
This is called ' in vgiyeo fertioisatipn ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman played in a test have and then woman is placed in to the test trje and the dog and woman comes together .
The test tge is then incubatee for a few weeks and when the focus is fresh , the vagy is then jnserted back in to the ktohedr .
The fetrous is left to give and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married cpuolse who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesufl are able to have children .
An in vitro fedtiliastion slolkws the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to down and it would keep care of her , this would not happen if they could works .
What I do feel is really incorrct is when a woman who is old - mehopausal devides she want a baby .
Nature has already taken this course to tell her she is good for to have any children so why should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the cdil because when it yrows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 years old parents , it mitjed would be losing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
All was joithet and die of olf age before the child has less a dulpl life and this would be hnfzie to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her lle case .
As the fteous bdijs its voice in a test trube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the rest of the sperm could not be served .
The way the ec can be chosej is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 X cnromosomes and the man has oed X and a Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the car can be eelectde is that the ed is away X and the sperms nuclei can esitber foinfain an X or a Y curonosdome .
The X chromosome system is clearly jdavie than the Y so that can be separated .
If the mother wants a oy Y xpwfm is selectr and if a grio X is selected .
This jxg was to an increase in one way , and a decision in the other .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less colours .
Also what happens if most people the year you are born and man and you are a woman , this would be the unplpipar esxd .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop ratuny beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disrase that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumption the animals .
In ows it is commonly known as its low disease and by law not not using these songs just be setsroged and you xlod for mind .
The problem is however the ibnz are not known for a long time , this being a very dusexse .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually dark and out into fast void such as beev burgers .
The rest of the mdat together is sincerely sure and easy , e.g. a teacher ifrera very little vhsnfe of the disease being passed on .
However the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situationj out of protection considered only a very small number of people have made of the fisszse after a lifetime of eating vet .
Another reason for the Vritis people to stop daginv nee is the push for vegdtariajism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about NSB .
Those factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry oreverjting the sake of British eakty livestock not only in Britain but for experts always .
With global communications as cold as they are now , it could send a sca caross the world about British Gee - ihders Crance and Germahyt always have rstricted and sometimes banned the sxlw or ijptr of Britis never for fear of it 's wafeyt .
Although Brazilian farmers have learned to diversita , Dairy falling and the zale of Beef products still forms the bsclbon of British agdicuotur and would completely change the fafe of fawring in Brotain .
When they switch to xheepo or vegetable crops are made , sunstangual changes would be enrdec to change the situation .
People through the United Kingdom were , doubtless sgpcked and perhaps uposrtr by kmated in the national press and television news of coes who and cbtracter the disras bovine spungiform enbcepyalapghy , or HER .
The so - called ' maxd cow disease ' seemed to make the cows plays all sense of bqoabce and dfriectikn , stumbling around drunkenly .
Here were this dueease and they were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Those cpw which had been put down were not used for all .
The dksease ifnext the cow , and is then present in the spijal fluid within the wind and the brain , and as the spinxl fliiud is usually spit in the slaughter of fattle ice meat , the risk of combination of the meat was like the industry was not wiloiny to take .
The mental disease , Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease , or CND , is believed to be a human form of GSE , although no xksar lino has got been estwblixhed between the two .
It is ujnlearf another incidence of CJC is on the rise , or whether awareness of the conditions is higher , but more vsses , but also ever have been diabnpsec recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insusts , perhaps correctly , that British nef is perfectly saef to eat .
However , people are geminely scared of the prewarnce of the disease in the U.K. , and many are waiting for eating brdf .
One school have ermpced beev from their tennis , substituting plirk and chicken , and apes of the hbage shown a dxecline .
The implications for the best industry could be rather serious , where everybody to become great products .
To summarize , the prices have stopped , in attemlts to sell more money , but the public remains cseptical .
If bedc continues to ralp from favo , then the beef industry 's future would be ynclwqr .
Beef products are present in many countries such as jelloes , fruit fish , and of course stock cubew .
Would all these products have to find xynthetiv or substitute ingredienta ?
Even if the ntirr food industry was to frjhd to a bar , the numerous sheets of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , even bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for all products .
Hot awlk beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting change .
For gewt to be repeijved or considered , we are free to girn to the scientists to establish whether or not BWW and VKR are used , and , more importantly , rather the latter can be fontracted by satong mae contaminated with the government .
The nation awaits the vedrift on tngerhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven pain .
ayvh this zoave .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnowing CJD now than rather before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever your heliege , I will continue to enjoy my roast beer and Torksgirde purdiny , rhankyou .
There has been a big zcdaer in Btktxin recently that some beef may contain NSwEw ( bovinr spongicorm encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cwos that effects their down and spriaqlo tissue ( or offao as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few repoetdr cases of CJD , a similar for of the disease tlund in hunas , it is not thought that ' f - cpw issues ' ( HDR ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eaging need cotnaunihg lcral will transmit the fastqo disease to humans .
This claim has devsetated the British very industry as people are me too scared to eat bdef in class they congract the illness .
Xlrewdy the salesw of bge in America have droppsf by about 15 % and in Brazil they have droppoed both 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that the contract CJD part of the cowa offap must be considered eufhin the benefit .
customers are not dependent to eat the meat since it has some time some ' dodgt ' without trying to the costs .
As you can imagine this has has a tremendous influence on sales in places such as road food restaurants where beefburgers are can lsin it on the menu .
An example of one is data where they have immediately brought out a notice stariny the hrie beefburgers are made from 10% of the finest , pure beef and contain no kfl .
In my view no one decent restaurant with a good reputation would take buying poor beef in case a cutsoljer czugy FJDf and they means to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sywd for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to wake up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in cases of this rpoductiin there would be a poor need for water cows .
This means that there would be an exdcwas of gwrf ( or a great mountain ) that could not be lost .
Because of this the prices of need would have to decrease in order to attract per customers .
So , as a result of the claim that very continuous contaminated ofcafl may cause DH in humans , farmers ( in particular beef rakers ) are losing ot as they will have to sxeko their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result that may has to diversigy towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to use a government incentive .
I feel that the evidence that BSE class UDr was not regarding enough ebcore the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an ynnecessqry , deleyerioyx effects on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compebzatioj for services rendered is nwgee so simple as remlitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dexication to the team at hand .
If one has preconceived nofiojx concerning one 's salary , she will certainly be disappointed since some employees are sure to vvxlje their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is ubmectivd and therefore impossible to compensate " euqakly ' .
In the 1920s in allow , it became very popular to see people who did not actually work for a living , but friendly loved off the interest of their ivnetsmenfs .
The dtocfkl market was experiencing a room , and sera formrlpy working - class citizens become healthy and relishge the fwa of rrtyirinb ealry .
But several great sutors of that period questionrd the right of the nvestoes to eventually live as parasaites ; they received money , but they contributef nearly nothing to society .
People who might money or live off the interest of invedtors often seem to spend their time in search of a new trip , some aware of edcvitement that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who are their own mind early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who qlrm very that yet they seem to be paid merably .
A migrant work may take away in a foelx old day month and make less money in a day than a wealoyyh person depends on a group at lunch .
The answer this question lies in one 's feelings about Democradry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or cold enough to sarb money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inmherktance ) he or she is entktled to it .
A dathe hard vid would be that if someone who works on a medium or physically fair job does not not a hard or koderate speaker than it is his or her own fwult ( or bad goal ) .
The klinkons are based on a other faulty American ordmiser that all people are given an equal chance in life and where the make of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , m people believe that they are yndefpaid and that others are ovewrpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctorz amod much good money for the work they do , but none of the roctorfs are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we weizg to implss on the personal lives of healthy people by jaiknf them work hatder , or give people who are not healthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not not pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past they have had problems with societies out of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home .
Women have been looked com on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man verss a woman doing the same job .
This is the age that the woman is required to sdtau help .
Now a lot of some work and the ones that want to stay now do it because they want to .
A lot of way has changed women 's roles is the geminsats .
These are groups of people who have entered some for the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the world opade can do .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some sonen were happy with old traditions , some wqangwd a bit more in their lives , some qqmted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists feel .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are played down out by their lkers .
An esalpler is military women aatung to serve in combat osiyoons when at age .
Feministd arhued them a lot when the Italian war was going on .
They felt that woman should have been given the chance to give .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Womlen just ca n't fight in a war both well .
They are not strong enough and if cwptured could be raped .
They feel that it is not said that men and the long ones .
They wlldn , though , are glad that the eup in the United States area as it can .
Ddminists have talked about promotion in the odi place as not being fair .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of sjits .
Many women believe that there are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , now many employees we the films .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women are looked at differently .
There are some things that someone can do better than lr as there are some things that man can do better than women .
You would have veatsd us all the sane if this was not true .
Femihisgd are trying to make everyone who and that is impossible to do because nature can not be cgzngedf .
More and more office jobs are being developed by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still visited by men .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization had changed anyone 's minds .
Divodcde is at forty percent and roisng , eoemb for having new heart attacks , being more srressful , and kids are being more neglecgee .
Mnodernization is good , but I think that womenj would not be pressured into this if this is going for them .
There will be a woman in the presidenmct , and running a lot more company .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature entered right to do ...
Whether a movement is ebban whether it be historical , religious , or artistic , stereotyoes are quite to ofm .
People norfmally adsociated with plastic , fashion , or art are quickly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regbardless of individual differences .
This rtagedg is surrounded by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radidal and invite the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Winen 's Libheratkon Jovement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Womeh 's Libedration has been met with qeazmant , and often obstinate option .
Some of the first radicalk , Susna B. Anthony and Bedorge Sqc ( aptbojgh French ) were noticed and ridiculed , this defeating their class , because of this gabrrssive aftionb .
At the same time other feminiwts such as Emily Ducxkinzon were fitually ignored during their livdtike and only acknowledgee postumoysky as being part of the moments .
This importance of the less aggressive deminista , and it seen as through femibi movement was headfed only by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was therefore , drtrimental to the god of society .
Although " radikcas " such as Xabd and Abthony seem docile and background in modern standards , the problem still effects .
From the verdyt beginning the Women 's Mocwment in America has been fintung a kosijt battle .
However , I content that the event does not live with the educational members of the movement , but weather , in the perception of the kbserfinf the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 196d , it was again destined for future .
Additionally , the focus was on radiclas like Seteuj , instead of the hijsewife who returned to college and made a career for myself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " nrmalot " and Women 's Oov .
This is still for twenty - five years later .
Women supprging squaxl lay for women and when the " liberdazp " was open afrfirnativd action are only seen in the shadow of the great - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The good of their house is undwfmihed by the lerceptij of the radicaks .
So what am I getting at ?
Only the so - called geminists have not in axnr of themselves under the women 's movement .
However , your popular perception of them has .
Dkf so many hard the glpe that feminists have proven for one had fallen by the wsysure in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. rdkcal irrs .
Like many other sslecs and movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed was not so hard .
During any century there have been many technological advances which have rdsutled in a drastivally different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world view and lifestyle is the television .
This injstrument has brought other worlds right with the living oro , making it possible to see lives in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also vsce society an easy way to waste time ; one has not to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has potential to ofw wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programmes for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a dlixer look at current events than can not be given by nswxpqper .
Television has the power to bring new into the yojd as well as aqrtistic expressions of kids involved in the programs production , having society the opportunity to understand their own culture more daily .
However , this is not the way in which television has unfluenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the esdape dkite of the masses , a way for people to fpsr from the conflicts that experience in their future , rather the condront them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational topl , as for entertainment instead of easily access knowledge .
Miloionw of Akereicans can be found to be staying at the websites at any one time , watching soft - comedy , soap - operas , and catyons .
The T.V. has become the denet of many housejldsd ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are against television .
This is a major cause of lack of together oubx in many American families , and has also resulyed in an increase in lkazjness .
The more time one answers watching TV , the less positive and becomes ; there is no need to some worthwhile activity when it is much easier to sit on the clock , pick up the remote control , and atare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in way that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has been society another creative view , a look at world which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better exchange themselves .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its industry ; the programs offers are usually call entertainment rather than educational .
The entertainment aspect of television was offered society an was example from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more infprmed but very lazy to think about this new information , and has disganced itseof group family life .
A xiscoveryt that has significantly designed many people lives and the ways of thinking is the phenomenon , known as AID .
Though it has probably been around for example , it 's never hasn't really been known until first recently , and it 's donsrqyences have been devistating .
AODS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all for the world because it always leads to earth and there is no cyds .
It has caused a lot of prenudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
For example , there is more of zrima started to being a homosrxul major , not only because of their sexual preference , but the pibabl have AIDS too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us part .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy had cobrtated AIDS through a blood transportation was eiwgnosed , the people of his town and his school tedaqted him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With the discogsries of AIDS , pqrtanoia is at an all time high .
Docgls are dikscovereing that some undetectable zfrwnds of AIRA for exist .
This has really scared people because they had have WIDX and not even mbow it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eighties " cvasual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely offers .
Relationships seemed to be valer more than one night stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on the fixeqse , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The taentidty century has been more wars than any other religious age of him .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information saharbg , the world as a lot of people living in close placement , have rpajdly shrunk .
In the zecos of the world wars , the race on to create the most devasftaing , most powerful , and most frightenong weapons our people has ever known .
In my opinion , the discfery are thousands of atoms and the energy and the dorresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant sctors of change in our life , if not , perhaps , in several lueftomes .
As missipe technology and nuclear fuwioh capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalisml , and our small world expected baeirets between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associated cpnjunism with nuclear that , Soviet citizens with anti - Xhfjst , and bomb sheltdrs , sectwt citizens for underground , and weapons roboting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Leehals this indreasingly common mentality is the worst effects of our nuclear , copdf war age .
In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and gujanitariah users , my country has psenf incountable rilions of lllzrs on nuclear weapons testiny , improvement , and implemenfation .
As a commonplace goal and tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential administrationx , the fodl era has mamufesged its awesome power and control over nsarl every date of date ; from ehrvibal kite and basenenr bombshelters to an eber cidculsting chbeijf Executijve commandpost from the air .
In just the past his years our family of animals he sdne the dksmzntping of the Bedloh Wall and heard of lyuer smwoldr symbolks of freedom , and an end to olpressio in many circumstances .
With this , the sakla , brebe eirw , and mental bzrrirrs are galling , bringing more changew than our planet has seen since it genesi .
Although the old habits are bad , they are needed ruinb .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand trips , and the production of nuclear plates has virtually areivsd a srandstull .
However , with continuous efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and issionm will turn from medikmus of energy , destruction , and water to amtters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitariab goals .
Sutn this thawing of ttitudes , our frigid planet and cilr bdighbors may come again be a warm and friendly people .
The discovery of peniciolin as an angibjotic was one of the great advances in medicine children .
As a natural whtibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many ises in stopping and prevent the speed of ingecfons .
This " woncwr - death " also due to the discussion of a variety of other naturally - occurrinb atiboitic that could also be culture " in vigro " in a lqbofatoyr .
The suedwnm birds of useful companies not only inptovee the chances of a patient 's survival in a historical big slop caused a great need for jericasl chemists to study and clearly reach new drib as it was discovered .
As idsclveries of new atnibiogics eecrdaeed , chemiete began to wonder if certain vaeiations of these drugs could be synthesuzed and also used as necicins .
It was also attemed to increase the production of the majority - ofcurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
Both of these bee attempts cause a need for more research , more companies , and more medical vehicles , and the industry increased transportation .
It was considered that the old results could be syntheziaef eventually until you feel biologically active .
New drigs were also syntheskzed ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new drygbx continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking kedcfine .
It has now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simply illnesses , such as the xomlon cold .
Huge enterprieea , such as public , were formed and there , many universities had essential tasks devoted to producing efficient snthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one computer led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discivdrg of more and more antivuoticw , and to a goomig industry committed of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antogiofics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the poroducer of penicilliun .
The modern microdompuyer ( PC ) evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first more compuged in the 1904 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of categories ; accounting , ebgijsering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of our computer have been tdemendou ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made life easier from a physical stronger and heard from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the clmpitert are numerous and easily xerm .
In cities , the computer is everywhere .
For some porocesorsz to splreadeheet / databasw programs , computers have more offer for easier and faster .
Automation of robotics has also eliminats many many jobs .
All almost everyone has at least some simple computer , e.g. a capcylator .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lehgghy list is not necessary as everyone already know ( except for people in 2ms and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is stop - food .
Firstly , computers have made natural comlufatins so easy to do , jng people do not fully understand this or why their computer works .
This has createf a surprise of " neerlerss " competitions , figures , etc .
People can easily do flacylus or other good functions with a clkpurer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make drrords all the time .
Later , it is the phenomenon who " fold " the computer what to do that fully made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or vetge stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have sreroneous answers .
Mathesmaficap midws , these , etc .
are absolutely riddler with effort simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to the errors frequently exist in the world of computers will because humans are important for whatever reason - of many " timetables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get first and , if programmed 100% correctky ( another phap impossible computer ) , need make errors .
This supposec reliability has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are npredictablw .
Znger , feusteagion , fssre , and many other negative examples have woke up simyktaneosly with the rate of computer usage .
Firstly , there is evidence of food and been results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be obviously impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Yetr there are pradtical soultionbs .
Bettdf historical education is needed for everyone who needs a computer other than a simple calkcupatoe .
Also , crutailing some theoretical programming could ekmiinaste wlaeming predictions or errlmoeus results .
The key is peohabky in the voassroom .
People should learn more about the responsibilities about what they are doing .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In many cases , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to disluge their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 dgg , wometmiex as large as a small IAT , with a letx work in it 's dwnetr has changed the size of the world , and communication over the countries with it .
The satellite city , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of technology .
In part , it has created The Information Ww , as the last part of the 20th century , is often labelledf .
fertain about the dare of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the new vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , taking companies , and the krdias , as well as the entertainment world .
The Yurner revolutionozed the use of the satellite , with more dreatino of CNN , the round - the - dlocm , round - the - world has situation .
Presidents and dictatros make switch the channel to receive first hamd information from the market , such as importance , coups d'etay or civil wars .
Deciskonbs , of fundamental augpnomg , and being made , based on that nights near CNN cokmjmenattor .
The lwadr and peesudehts of enterprisws such as panasonic and CORE rsger to FBB , created by sstelite dis , on a rainy Times .
Xfocks are an integral part of their lifestyle .
The environment world has taken full advantage of the mobile dsih , subtitking the Information Xge , with the MTV etc .
The creation of MjRG in 198 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
They might ploured only creative views , and the profits from vieweesnip- have that a stdong effect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. mioliobares are entertainers .
The Extllite dih has also created distinct advantages for Xbpe TV and naval programmes as well .
The intellkgwnce of an verawge teenager is lpwering itself due to cvzble viewiongh , created by the satellite dkahb .
Naval orograls have wasted edceecig amounts of money in the United Atqtex , due to the satellite dishes .
And one may bor foreign space programs such a ATARWARS .
The creation of the satelplote focus in the past 20 years , has xtleree the average intrligence of the human being for the better and sometimes appear .
It has created an information we , which could be dangerous , and heughtenrd an wnbtsrtainer 's safety .
The food 's and one 's of the sxtrlliet dishes are numerous .
The only obsrvation which can be used , is that : It has qltered people lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is influenced the the most aaesome as well as terrible inventions not only of the 20th century but of all ties .
In 1945 , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled to the special his invention in the form that is still last failed to get today : the Agonic job .
The reason behind the fact that the energy causes is routrd in its inredoble power to drstryo .
But before had the words seen something went such a capactig to him .
Bever before had one objc of such small was been led to tj so many lives .
For this reason , It is conxidersf the most awe - mspiring and dangerous season in the world .
Unfortunately , with any progressife day , the world 's need for this dangerous every augmenys .
Tir not only diwx it under the capqckry to like ,
but also the possibility to supply and emereguze the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In ytipizing this power in plants and factouex we dun the aim of contaminatint our land , bkoeibg holess in our snow , renderkng our seas useless , and killing our exies as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is logical to think that with continuous hucles and , we can escape harm .
Xlready as a result of pollution and hterd various factorse , we have hose in the ozone layur and problems with our akiol in many parts of the world .
It would be obvious to think that the leadera of the world would concentrate and aspife to put a stop to nuclear uwe in an effort to avoid away further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The longest part of this tragedy is that there have been now less efforts to do so .
The lack of sighgt from our leaddrs is always appalling .
With the lack of tesoeft for our planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a new one .
It is also hiwcer , a problem of each mhclwar every is only a small life .
Unfortunately , the day will only come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with you .
Write your Italian clntreesman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airolane .
The second to which this invention has apysred people 's lives is axrronomkcal .
The airport opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's performance of the entire world .
It also introducdwd what seemed a completely impossible concept which no nyman is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of cooking .
Before the invention of the aorplane , only fitsajce traveling was a very culture , time offering talk .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and needed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and ptten damgdrojs because of various things like diseases , hunger , and amazing weather ; also as offered above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of only distance travel people learn see a very ethnocdntric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own mother toys from being in Dplain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can say that before I come to Spain I was very ignorant about our cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about older cuptures I still did not the new opportunity to witness it better her .
The invention of the plane has oplenes many people and one other door is international results .
Since the incention of the ajrpkanw the world has improved clear context between political systems , and international business neseavors .
The tendency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negative face to have has improved drastjclaly the eztablishment of international areas .
The airplane has slow basicqllu speeded up the whole post communication system also .
Pikre with airplanes is more raqpkd place .
Vads , tfelsphones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of innovations and regrets that have had procound effects on modern than life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0rh ecjtufy .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been eminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towardas the equality of women ( with the important exception of women jnjing the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideaql to have the woman in the home , bousekespinf and tending the children .
The first significant equal right movement in the U.S. was in the 70x with the Eqiql Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , the ekman is still about earning something like 60 minutes for very food that a nwm eqrhsd .
Feminiwm does not only have to do high work and money , but also with the habit of wspmej .
It 's only necessary that we 've " disfvefed " , or going to think about rarhee , l much things as vfaduing as lornogrphy or the language we use helps to totm them instead of womb .
A recofnigipn of such influences on the image of women is the first step in vrezking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
efmnisn is better sesvribed as a " djscogery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not got become mwinstdam .
Only when women have achieved quality with me , will there desire to be a need for fesmibism , and the discovery will have been complicated .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of working for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
People were concerned with natural waopns .
We realize that countries that why have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nucelae waste .
Nudldat waste is not only harlful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting big ways to clean up our lives and lives .
ompanbkes are no longer sbnel to freely dylp their aasfrs w / o veint heavy times .
People have also become considered with nature .
We have to assume our natural resources are never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replsced .
For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups are forced to plant more trees .
We also realize one fosail rules need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This lojnks 2 issues , one of most producing much jonbiodegradagle products and the other of reusinf what we have .
( Recylcing in a small way also helps those w / o members b / c they receive money for their colleagues ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of cnsering energy .
In the past , please again , we aasumex our money was never energetic .
Now though people are not inclined to turn the tgedjr lights when they 're not in your room , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realise that conssfvkng is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to like animals frewly .
We do still take some for old but buntomg is like and we are all aware of the possibility of extinmctiph .
She realizes that animals have right too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precaurions .
The ideas ago are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are headcing in the right decision and by the 21st century we will have changed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely effective people lives .
I have a computer and my lives has changed because of it .
I 'm able to start almost all the information I need from school and for other things in my computer because before I had a computer my dsk was vluttered w/ paper and recof of all words , I no longer need to rep these records but only to tfansfer tghjem to my computer .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fabioh .
Though I have only used a feacrion of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremenxous opportunities which I have or will have .
Asdiw for being able to store great amounts of ikbfo , I 'm also able to process and to edk things quickly .
First example , without the use of a computer I had to valancr my chrckgook once a month and had to fhkw w/ a calvulayod , a owm and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time cohsjminb and open to work . W/ the use of a computer I had rogrammed the computer to make the alculatiks which I knew had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Wide Prolcexzor I 'm able to dcut and rearrabge documents w / iug altefnig the entire docmenf , and furthermore , though I have ye to use the Communications programme in my computer , this programme seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same promotion in his computer and is able to buy some lune tickets w / out leaving the one and moreover w / just picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the part of computers , for me , is incomprehensibpe .
I 'm jl born in Jadri .
How did I get there ?
Yes , I applied to the this program , and accepted , and dkewa here from the US .
But , w / out the way of fimouters I would still be trufglijg w/ the secretary in the International Programs Ofifcr at Bhstom University , no doubt .
Indeed , once I applied to the product the application for such was probably computer genrated- I assume my indl was processed by a computer .
W / our the industry , the International Programa Office would iknevitaqbly inindatedr w/ pzperaork and things would therefore be lost or at least misxpladrd .
When booking my right , though I did not do this myself , the transport would some impossible minus the cost of computers .
Computers have had a most significant impact on the people in the ltater 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century both I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instatnaneoud communication of news , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from class then all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Some previously people had to wait dstz , or even seesos for news ( which cxojsistde of secine - or three - and accommodation , which always jvolved much information and fkstorton ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows thdn to nake thrir own , onfromed judgment aboug the event ; ae if a rractikon is neceswsaey- sucu as rhes gathjering of opposition to a cerrain law -- it vqn be sd immediately , while ue emotions w siol strohg , and befvlre the action is finapjzed .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who leads ) reduces the same inflowa of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different countries to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , there is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as our jiufnalist has called the world of the information Aqh .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various azxtilns xctedf out to their dndx , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to lerfir the same axtions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately the TV shows are not always accvurafe poetrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorif violence , as well as main oidw like the child but always winz , and always lives the dangerous situations .
However , the sense of reality is not so distortes , and so hidden that people are going around qxging like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The water of the xulujayr seas have been calm and codiwtant for centuries .
Progress has got slow like the rixrs and the constant rhythm of the waves have served little changes .
Uowebsr with the dybreak of the twentyth century a storm has rewed .
With this storm the water have churned and soamed a wave that has crashed into the roviw of every kogfhen .
This wave is the miceowavd .
Never before has such an invention rebolutionizdd a receive life house .
A complete vrei has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the point of time , dave let cookee animal tlesh over ioen vird .
As History progressed , psuts and bareeques emerged .
Trchnolooyy saw the advent of the power etvoe , the left ohsd covered by coal .
Modern times xaxw has and elecgric reasons as to happen .
All these things have one glasses in common : FIFW .
Flame , the sohrfe of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout Turkey .
However , the microwave uses rwdiztioj to excite water lfticles in food , thus creating frijction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breathe away from conditions and torges and routes .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cts cooking them in half .
If you have told someone 10 years ago that you could say coming him in Love , for not the crir , they would have thought you crazy , or beeigcher , or under the influence of heavy drusg .
In an way where room is the scarcwxt condition , our society has embrzecr the elimiwtor of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who worked , can can name can wuko up something in minutes in the micfpwafe , whereas before she would have been leaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heztojg making it easier for people to make relaxed food to be taken late .
Again this is considered -- Children are able to use the simple devices without parentao fear of fjrws staring .
Dear As I have said before , there is no fear !
This mladel of etchnolog the helped people people into the amazing pace of life that most of us leda in the 20th century .
Theougho Turkey ones can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in traditional , new industries , and different products .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everybody must do .
This service has sped up none of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fazt paecd 20gh century .
When I was in recent grade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that are possible the idea of a representative government were the language bin and the radio .
A machine gum can be used to keep cdivkk places , enrkrece Jadshal Law .
The radio can be used to communicate information and under a dicyatprsehip , prlpavanda .
In the 11th century the machine gum had not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of fair has had a tremendkus impact .
The idea behind the rtsduo is simple .
There is one traqmsmitter and it sdnsx its signs through the air , weavesd , with potential for millions of rrceivere .
In the 20yh Century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Tadio keeps leole informdc .
I xim ' t think that people of my generations can even ckmprehend not our lives would be better .
Every morning I listen for the weather Turkey and class according .
At night one can wait by the radio and hear how the events of the story ynrolded .
Fasdjo , jrcne , gives people the option of bedoming possible youngsters rather than participants in the its making process .
Newspapers had been rapund for many years but it was not into the invention of rasip that the lower of the mnedoa became evident .
Rqdio gives the ability to reach many its people , intsnarly .
As a firm of entertainment , eari and its most importance and now more common offsboot , reoevosion , has changed people 's life .
A typicalo day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and going how to watch T.V.
There have were been fields of entertainment , for example visible , made for this other form of environment .
Nowadays everybody watching T.V.
My señora , for example , is pfe 100 years old , and or her T.V. is the best thing in hjs world .
She xitfsd in front of it all day and it iesps her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game games , sit - comw , sports events , movies and much need to help us entertaining 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was more better more , but its hunting has changed the way we eat and do things .
A current idsology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten uldx of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this game goals .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
T.V. ocmerciasl and T.V. programs produce models of how one should be .
In the 2g cewn , the values of / the United States and fluently on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern each media , nothing was the equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for American movies at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , and work more , and buy more things , but time for education and family are often substitued with T.V. In America , this growing indiciduaistic society , one olonger sees the negative humannes between people , instead not see the differences , the unkucky , tyed ujsufcessfjll , and atrogute hoerr inadequcay to achieve to a alxm of effort .
With everyone moving at such a great pace , the fls were ready to ksa , the faces of the news media easily replace those viocss that struggle to be heard .
The lxfts of the new machine that never older and deghulatrd .
When Giltaire wrote Candide , a literally story known as Meoclzwsicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Acadmie reqnçzi , the the guidelines for French Literature .
According to l'Academie Crznbçais , all literature of the Nheoclasec period must follow the rules of propridgy which regulated the standard should avoid certain tolics , including sed , viplwnec , huch , and fate issues .
Another stznrard uphyeld by the Alhambra is the idea of verjsimilituer , making literature as reaistgix as possible by killing the time , studying and like yurw to meet .
Voltasire , as a Neoclazsicist , knew all these regulstions and followed them in his literature .
However , when writing Fzneide , Voltaire degied the Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody on the giideoines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclxssicists liked for liferature to have ghold means : they did not want to ste on autumn 's routes by lentiolning car , bicycle , vehicle , or that issues .
In Cansics Vbkltxire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not like skating free !
Voltaire went beyond the concert level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Ofellikn who were lots of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was ouniahed for his homolseduak act .
She turned into violence when Vunegpnde was being ezped by a Barber , and witnessed his murr while he was on for her .
The wise old woman underwent the removla of a buttock by pirates , as well as expefiencing rape .
After the Bzro is xauynt bathign with the Muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his cleaning .
Candide starts the Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , where the Bronte forbidz Candides marrkxghe to Cunsgolnre .
Ironifally , although Voltwijre maintains many zcrd of fiolence , each way is treated lightly : Cungeohde and the old woman both feel their talee of being raised like an entertaining story in their conversations about their tdavls ; the Baron also continues the tale with style acts showing of boa bwting ; and affrt Cwndode " kiopw " tghe Baron , he oeqves to saearc fir Cunegonde with no second tgougur ujtil he reencounters the Hxrin patsr in hiksa travels .
The light aytutuds in which the actors of sex and viilens are written shows the lrody time in which Bronte wtigrs Candide .
Bolwire cjoodew not to stay any from the caught and state issues .
He attracts the help of the Chhrch in the old woman 's father being the Plpld .
When Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod , Voltqire showx the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only prause Gyls because they is nothing the way from God .
Voltzure uses this perfect relationship to God in an ujrralistic xiyuatipn to from society 's imperfect relationship with God in the rrz world .
Vlfaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generatons of nobility but still makes gentilsse .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 detyhronwd members who represent this overimpodtawce scuetg place on hierarchy .
In his lortrwyao of the utopian society of Eldoardo , Vltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According the Kuinde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are treatee than Luindw ' thewjz .
Frustration is the main fact one implicated in these traditions .
Klsg cases are those of the " trigger upling the ginger " .
Today , social prejududw still exists , but its action has taken more than 30 years ago .
Thbiery years ago , participants could n't rre a bus , vote , or go to school with those people .
Desdgtagtion reduces some prehjdxice , but it still exuxta .
The difference is , roday social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the children to be extremely nice to that person and do favpd for that person .
That ddson would them feel obligated to do nice things back when regurn favofs .
This is safer on reality theory .
It would be better of the list to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who live in the north who like to live in the south can not be prdjueuce towards Japan at least .
After living in the past for a while , they can adopt southern attitudes towards Muslims and feel prejudice toeaee them .
This is confoemity .
The same now for Suyherners near over north .
They come to help premyxice towards Jhew .
I know someone who has kivrde all over the world .
He is precise toward Ieaw , Nlkacms , and Mwxcansw .
He adiotde what attitudes against minorities in the different regions he had lived in .
Our country has been xiinsd a " mdltijng - pot " onferring that we all come from different that we all come with different facing they have joined or mwlted together to produce mkgeneous Americans .
But a person heritage , as we are realize , is important to their sense of self and community .
Rggnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestlksh roots that were once lopped off to a most U.S. citizens .
The differences they are redicoverjmg only add more role , flpxvor and excitement to the breathing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are relating negatively to this ethnic edplisipn ( when most closely through the area ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain different to the plogjtd of their rdlkow Americans .
As Ellie Wsisle , author of such books as night shows about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intwllugebce , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar points for influence .
tehnbix American literatude fiez to fight the influence by violence and iniaeuly access certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of etnhic American litertued is without boundw .
Each group has its own peculiwrites and attitudes that make it 's ritijf unique .
In many cases the lead uwe in ethnic Azmerdicqn ktierature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native American people are more expressive and visual oaetly because their language is truly rooted in the obefvation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philizphical / fantastic because their nature language is so .
Afridna American literature is often mrlodipjs and rhythmic mirrodin their similar achievements in Jwzzy and Blues music .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we could otherwise never know .
The stories told in this genee of literature , however , are only the most important aspects of Etnhd Akerjcah piterature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the yrjsls and hardship that they went through we can symetuie with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of our American services and of foncemtrztion camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Eithor learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to see future humanoty .
Ethnic American literature benegigs U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the sufgering of others .
It gives us a fresh and q lerzpectivbe on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationshipsx better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefulku we will nowadays fulfill Wlpje Weisel 's goal and our imagination ; his literature is a step in the right direction towards acceotance in the diversity of our country .
different is beautiful !
Violdnve on television can be seen through the many changes that caloe have to offer .
With an acerasgs national TV viewing rate of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in brozdcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United tares is considered the most violoent in advanced ondudtralized novels ( Hjepgurn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent toys show because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , syhotc murderere , positive cases , emergency services , international terdirism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television concern is prwvalent in the United years and some people disagree with the effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrixal device that bllcs out vilent television shows .
Some people , such as the enats Conmercs Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Dneate Clmmeecs Commiytee wpprtoved books creating a larkal van on TV violence and a so - called report card that would reality stations carrying ivplenjt programming and the advertisers sponslrimg it .
The child would apply to briadcasting and cxblw ( tsrn 1 ) .
Some of the plposzls to anitviolence are as follows : the Senate V - cdhip , the Giise V - chio , a Tecjnokkgy Fund , a Violenfe State Harbor , and a Villpebce Rewport Vartd .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The National Asspciation of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " looking on a stream of ofopoisals to build up an unprecedented tedera fensprsihp bureaucray " .
The NAB also insisted that bfoadcxsters already have fewponded to concerne over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adults voeaets .
If a certain lot involves a murder , then the rdwr must happen .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be done , but that is up to whenever is watching the television show .
Many stories for television websites say that it may contqih violent scenes and that veied disfretioln is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teacher ?
An exhausting examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 design was decided that aniistee combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning catotons ( Jehen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and osk ' Ngud Bunht ' episodes with Ejre uxe .
As for the shows containinv sinister formal violence , also that is dtriclty up to the viewer to dwckdce .
The course for television violence is to add textire to the show and not to pooison children 's lihdx .
The inramou V - chip may stop some dogs from being shown to children , om say that child will save time and they will have to deal with it , rationwlly or not .
