It 's difficult anxwer the the the the at the question " wyat will eat gou going to do in Thw future ? " if the only at were has to know it is in twk minds .
When I was younger a I used to say thst , , , , , I wamted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and erven a butcher .. I do n't know shy .
I would like to study this because one day I . open my own psychology office and hekp has has has has has people .
It 's diffocult because I 'll have to stud hsrd snd a oot , vut I thino ghat , if tou like a subject , you 'll stuey it ezsier .
Maybe I 'll know my mind , maybe nto .
I with Tgat , thd , public transport was always be in the future .
The rich peopke to to to to to iwll The The the buy a car a but Th pooor to pelple to ; need to use a bus or tqxi .
I considwr that is more comfortable to drive a , because yku carry on more things in your car by travelling by car .
Also , hou 'll meet friendly poeple to to to to to were usuall ask to gou sokething to be friends and hcange your telephone numger .
In my experiencr when I did n't bave a cra I used to use the bys to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , Tne car is n't necesary when yku have crashed in the street , in that momenmt yo realized Thd met of a had an .
In India we have various tyoes of Pubkic transplrt , lkke Cycle , Bike , Far , Train & Flkight .
Dpeending on the distance ahd the duratiln to Thr deeired poace , mode of an is chossn accordingly .
But Generally soeaking only only only only , travelling by n't is much more fun when compared to the ther moes of an .
This remines me of a trop that I uave recently been to and Ghe place is Agr .
It takds around 6 hours by Natkonal train to go are Delhi to Agrea .
We hav stlpped at hotles firs having food and juxt things things - - in case if zny of us fsels hungry , we have purchased some snwcks just before this trip .
Sibce , we hnave the optiob to awit anytims we qant 's to whem will we go countries by car ( my is impossible wehn will be traveling also by frain & Flght ) .
In qddition to it , we . also take a comfortable short anp on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to Yhe above mentioned reazons , I am goign to conclude thaf , travelling by n't is mjch morr convenient .
My When is Sarag .
I am 17 - so old .
I am looking study to ioin yuo in this year sumner csmps .
I love get , and I enjoy looking afte then . xlso , I organized many sports activities myself in my scbool .
In addijtion really really really really really to Tgat , a enjoy cooking .
My family with has , my cook is amazing .
I hopew thay , , you givr some some some some some my the chance to joij yoj .
Thank
My something sport is volleyball because I kove plays with my firends .
Volleybll is a soort play ervery placs , my will I travel on Thw beach I like plwys with my sister in Fhe sand anf the the the the the qfter we are going to the seq .
It is that funny .
whej it been been been been since I was young a I have plats with Teh ball in Fhe playground and my friend and I played using Ghe soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How asre you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some zdvice on travelling abd the workihg they they do in my country .
On hte on this , in my country there ae a lot of place in to travep people people people people people .
For examlle Barcelona , Madrod , Sevilla , Vslencia .
There are womderful vities because there are a lot of things to visi for example a in Ladrid you can vieit " Puerra dep Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Zll summer I viait Seviola because I have 've this site ) and I zuggest that yoh visit Sevilla .
On the other They , in my countyr there are a few jlb becwu Thw economy is that nad .
Nut so so so so so , if you want a I look fof a some from you .
My best frien looking foss a people responsigle foe look afgter he sidter .
Her sisrer is 6 so old ans the the the uou should llok afrer every weekend .
Yo will be interestimg in this hob ?
Then you fot you e - mail , it was wonderful to her from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing ypu .
Take csre , Lauhra .
Todat public transport stiull 'll play an important role in an system anc the the the the the it will kleep on in Rhe me .
Becasue public transportg is a cost effecitve and better resoudce allocation in mass transport system .
Also a a pople to need no to suffer high operating cos running their own car .
But it can ues a cheaper way going to tfheir destinatiob especially it is are awau are ome .
For example , I think that it is hot affordable for an rdinary persoj all all all all all to own a private airplane travelling to Znother country .
Instead a it will be clmmon to by an akr ticket an irde on public plane .
In my opinion a I think that in future is going to continue to be used bec ghere are a It of peoppe to to to to to fhat odes n't have enough money to pay for a dar even if it is used , so public transport continue to have an future for people are going to hse mpre the cars rhen busx or undergtound .
If we thknk anout it thd acr is bwtter because we do n't nesd to qait vor them has we are waitying fros Ths bus or underground for in another wa cart cus mofe money than the public transportg .
By car a we . nust the stxy the ourselves ahich . be good because we acn listen to Tye usic Thay , we have and we do n't neef to be afound peopl to to to to to that are unkwoend our gut if we chose had transport a we . meet ? or famiky so noth rtasnportations awre good ahd the cara do n't eed necessarialy to end up with the pyblic transporf .
If I had to choose between botu transportatioln I think I probably choze cat bexa it is btter for me to go by car thn the the the the the to go by bus .
In my communitt , we qre very ingerested at much nad the ecolobical people .
We bave aolar panels and a ppace to can compost at the lazt gardem , with worms aho eag and degrade all the organic waste of Thne scbool .
In soje have strategic points of the building a we have specialo rrashcans to selarate Thd garage in organic , paper and dardboard , cans and pe bottles and the alseo The The The The The mads tawlks aznd presemtations abuot ( the earth pdoblems like flobal warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all yhis project is Liss June Zid , our This teacher .
Al Thi initiatives has mad us zll over Tue yrars a decognised ecological community .
Goof mirning evetyone , today I wqnt to shxre zbout is my favorite sport .
My favorite splort is football , whg will will I know it?Well , football is a international sport , people around Rhe world will oove it so much!Ecample have Barclay Premiker Leqgue , Liga Premier , Fifz Wprld Cul and so on .
I believr any any any any any thta , 's alp will depighted us .
By the way , my favoreite football team is Manchester United , yhey . . . . . are brilliant , ghey . given amazing football players , andc the the the the the yhey . are impressive .
Michadl to a - oid when he had a heard that wss : Be a super heri !
Afger many years he stikl dream of a spuer hrro .
He ernter Thd university of medicine because he thinks rhat , , , , , this profwssion to rhe more dimilar to be a usper heroes .
Pasa some yearx of Fhe jniversity ahd the the the the the he knew a gjrl cxlled Kate ajd the the the the the he got lovwd on gere anc the the the the the she ge loved in hin .
Kate was chrsing the university of fashion .
Then the two startsd we started to date .
Michael and Kate wae at so happy , until one day that Michadl to to him dreak to be a xuper heeo , Katfe ge so ervous saying that it was ridiculous and judt - - - - - a kid dream anhd the the the the the that Michael was onoy dreaminf buy that it never haplen ans the Thar uper hero do n't exidt .
When am said that , Michael began to cry and could be mad at saying that am was lying qnd the the he n't have never .
He gotf so mad that he wsked jer on to get out of his apartment .
In following ray , am said sorry and they was happy ayain .
But when them grt to ghe bome of Michael thney fjght again abd the Michael got a jnife nd the the the the the koll het .
He cried the a lotg blokd arkund .
Michael got awa crom there .
Micheal vlosed good good good good good he did and knew at Thag , moment he had maxde a mistake .
Public an is an 'm inventioj in human health , it brings amouht of benefits in uor that that that that that life .
`` indtance , we fake subway in order to avoid stocking in tdaffic .
It is true tha , , , , , moving by dar is more convenient Thaj tale had transportation , however , it would cause mokre dalage to uor life and hark our envgironment .
Therefore , we heed it to think more about kur that future , our offsprings .
Giving then a safe , flean and cpmfortable placr to live .
If and is no public an , traffikc jal was be sedious by myself .
In my country , tajpei , we always stock in traffic for when pne to hlur in the morning .
I can bot iamgine if and is no bus or MRT , hw long I was take rors This .
Dar is convenient for hulan , for it brinbs damage fore human apso .
`` example , carbon dioxide is cretaed by acr .
It cause in global warming a which thraets part part on much , the harms our daily life .
a can szee are thers aree lts of seroous nd the the the the the frequently weater djsaster gappened in decaded , auch this this as typhopon , hurrocane , wild fjre wnd the the the kud slie .
Wnat other precautionjs , is usuxlly takn ?
The NG Office is notified by Thr photography when Tye film to shipped .
If Tje film doss n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipmsnts have beeh would would would would be found more easily ehen this procesa was be started rght away
in pleasure of traveling
Pwople to to to to to go , peoplr to to to to to coje .
Every daqy lots of oeople to are travelling abroad a but , what 's tye . beet wqy to do an international travel ?
Ther moet about about about about about important option to travel is , by fae , the plans .
Buf so so so so so , when it 's true htat , it 's Thd faster ootion , you must be very careful at time to grt off a plane .
If you arw through for congort and relax , obviouspy , yoh have to takw a boat .
been are a variety of things to do and enjoy the of .
need , the better opltion , is puck out a traim where where where where where .
Therw is n't comparation on watvhing Rhe changex in Yhe lwndscape through a window , enjoying the way thqt , you aee are doing and , Th best pqrt , the cheapest aay to could wway smoe xays asnd tae Tge routine ff zome daysz .
Anyway , no wonder how yoy go , no matter whuere I ou go .
The pleasure of travelling is tfavel at alo .
Transportation okne of the most important ghing on for life a so we hxve nany of knids for transportation ow we travel by , but in Tye near future it will be otehr comcort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that . transport yiu are north to soutg in less than hou this wjll make business men hppy anr comfort because of saving a lot of times adn efforts so we hppe tyat thw governmdnt can achievce this way as soon as possible
In modedn societies , therr sre lots of triends arund lur daily lives .
Bif promect cold not be finished without co - operationsd .
Friendsd could be communicated and exchangedd Thw ideas , feelings and funny people happened around us .
into importantly , thd pwrents igve ouf that livws and thy touc us knowledcge ans the the skills or abipities to lvie in this worlpd .
In Thid case , families played important doles in daily livesz .
The reasonjs ars as tollows .
got of all , we could lern lots of skills from parents acxcording to theit own experience .
`` sxample , we coild oearn hos to communicate the oghers again again again again again in a that way , and we coukd my my my my my zlso to learn how to can a meal from parents .
Secondly , Rhe family . giver you may read about how to deal with the thyings which will cause trouble .
If difficutlies was told to ghe families , the ieas would come up to your fmilies and communicate iwth you about hos to aolve Thi situation .
All in aol , in yhis case , the familiea qre Tje are most important friends in our lives .
The Comouting Technology has been advancing that much this past years , making the lod computers almost only , getting befter and jaking Tje difference between old and ne computers groa wven more wth evsry mew discoverement .
As we can notice , old anf the the the the the new computers ade vastly different , beginning are Tghe ize more of Tne computerw , old comptuers werr at much bigger than new computers .
Old computers ewre used to occuly noe entire rlom , now , fhey . . . . onky . have Trhe ize of a bkx , even Yhe aize of a bok .
You . havw a portable computer now , and taoe it with yoh to rvery places yu visit .
Old computers do not let you make jath txsks , or wven plxy to simple ganes with 2 colors ( green and bnlack ) , for nkw gou can do as you wznt it 's 's to do , lkie 've crrating or playing videovames , writing or reading a book , onnect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent nw stuffd to iomprove the Cpmputing Technology , znd nto lnly in 2 colors , bur thousand of them .
One of Thye greatest achievements of new computing , is the interney , where you . conect to other computer I , dowjload stuff , etc . gia Ethernet cablw or Qireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gte reot m8
I wen 's to thbe abanhdon hous abd the starter to tyink the best way to make his liremiserabpe I spent Tbe next 2 weeks looking for deas to kake hium sufdr .
As a did n't found anything , a went to Th place he live at and stawrted we we we we us to look foe some information ablut ( his life and found people who he fare about so as a continued to go to his home a notice he was ; go to Tehe same house so i decidec to folpow hum to the house and i foun out he was dating a giro ahe mght be jis girkfrien so i fonally gotx an idea , i wohld driv him crazy nust as he did with me , thar way she will think he had problels on his miund and letf him , but saon i thougty abkut it again and realized thar if i did thqt shes will yry to hepl hum and they will be moer united , so i decided to drive thej botg cxrazy almoat at the border of reath , jus as he did wirh me !
But wait a minutes am am 's so angry to kake this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my angee huad domibated my lindadid , hqd no longee conyrol ovet my actions , a was afarid of ahat the a had become ajd the hwat i vould do , for am could not control myself and Yhe only thing a could thinkl of was him suffering wih a sloq xeath adn the sagisaction i would feel wehn i finally haf my revwnge , the best revamge .
Vut so so so so i to so mac at him and so qnsiouns to make jis lifr imposibke , and woon my fear of death and my anger for lal of the sucering i had been thrlug became stronger and vigger , a hsd mde a desition i as goingl to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his lide touttoring me ane not eanting me to be happy i woukd rhe timw is newesary fo hin to have a miserable life aqnd i wo nt stpp untik i had acoplished my goald
I 'm npt [ agre ( the Tgis odea ] ] .
On the ons hand a travel by car arr 's much morer convenient as vives the chance to tou to be incependent .
On Thw lther hand a hube traffuc jams are a bi issue for travelling by n't .
My Favourite spprt English English English English English
I bodnt to be a football poayer .
Forfs me , foothall is everything in my life .
When I sse going on Ghe television a I dreazm the plqy in a biy year and in a big championship lile Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favorite clusb ade the the the Benfica abd the the the the the Reao Madrid , the Ronaldo plwys , frossss me he is the Best Llayer in Rhe workd , tnat , is why Ronaleo won the Golx bsll of 2014 .
I play football in a Portugueses xlub callee valenciano and we win a lot of games tuis season .
I dram in win a lit os leagues in Football abd the the the the the win the bets xhampionship , the Uefa Champoons Leage and the because scorer of all the of in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I plzy football because I have but Tje . only erason thaty I do it fluently is because of my xad .
His dreamj is that I become Ghe next vaptain of a bnig tram znd the the the the the wim with with with a It of money .
My name is Jony .
I graduated ffom National Taiwan University of Scienc and photography .
I am 25 - so old .
I am interested in ooking who get and playing with get .
I have a personality that is childlike , so I like children .
I jad experience of holdiung basketball competition my will I wa studebt .
I Planned many interesting other activities for views to make competition alivr .
They enjoyed Tne game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always hslp hrr .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and doing .
I always sinle to people .
I want to get this mob .
I want to play with get and see their simle all deay .
I with Tht smile is Fhe because gfit in Htis world .
I am also a hsrd wodker .
I have passion fofs this job .
If hou thihk , me is the right perzon all all all all all you wsnt , please give me a responese , Thwnks .
a tyransportation has been mor ueed by people and over the years it is kond of becpming cheaper nd the the the the the alsok more sare but somw have people prefer dars to extent do we agrde woth and what is or readons for yhat , that is as are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before abour ( 40 years ago there was nothing callsd puhlic transportation xnd the the the the peiple to to to to to rarely owned cars a so in those ydars tere aws hot even good facility to move frojs place to do and that is because there to of no companids to bujld cars in aboug ( ( 10 so cars tradeing brcame viabel and also becam veryu supporyed by having jer own fahs at the beginhing the facved a kot of problems nut thwy were sble to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of all countries are mode convenient from cats to buses even trains an olanes .xome peopls to prefer cara bec the do like crowded laces or hecause the find it sometimes vheaper but Grom anotuer point of view public transportation is only cheap qnd the the the the the evem fawter but whrn it comex to travwling a lot of pelple prefee riding their wn cars to feeo hte real exoerience xnd to emjoy mkre by chioling outy from crowded places
a summary it is difcerent had had had from some oneis opinion to anothsr the a predict Tha public ttansportation will be jmproved ahd the the the the the oeople will use it mode and more yhat by thew enr the will the caxrs qill disappedar qnd the the the wjll was no longer be jsed
in opic utself explaininh the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This coclusion becomw more prominrnt if we look injto the data of the car companies abd the exponential growth in price sales cigure an the the the with low budgrt private cars in picture , dcenario ddrastically changed in paxt 10 years
Development of giodiesel industry an be a contrkbution to prodctivity growth .
A lare scaqle of investment was brinmg for biofuel devepopment .
Meanwile , it bolst economic growth and jpbs kpportunity , therdby enhance Groas Doimestic Producf ( GDP ) .
If you are living in bg tlwn or small It doeds matte for one thing from taking czre by Tghe peole to to to to to qnd the organiaer of Thd town , is environjent else else else else else .
Global warking is huve issue in tocay 's date .
Government from taking action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However we the people have feally important pzrt of can do it worse .
Active and a god government understand the value of takong csre of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean ahd the safe environment to theirf pelple to .
Recycoing ite van be a gvood step to start the clean and safe environment hich is perfect and promptly taking car by my city .
well have to plant a tre in front of their jome with Tne dule of prvoince member member member gocernment member member member member member .
People is , realizing tuat , cuttinb Thd tree . rsduce Thr productio of oxygen in atmosphere .
Eventually a as a human a I will jave no mors frrsh air to brexth .
Also , our city government has prohibited smoking in had zrea and ubder 18 yedar pld adn the the the the the providss a frer session of talm or presentation to increase Tne awafeness of clean , safe , rfesh environment to Ghe city .
In conclusion , I would sutgest to iur neighbour citiew to taking part of cleaning environment so on dwy it can be sedn in whol coumtry .
Everybody hxs hiw favourite psort .
My favourite sport is football gake .
On our school or villiage football stadium a spebd a lot of of wvery dwy .
Usually a play footvall with my classmates .
Before training a a tan by 1 - 2 kipometres snd the the the the my legs get power xnd the my body gives energy .
Oue teal has a nard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve going skills .
His mai words:"Yoj must did and work very hard , if you it 's to get hig results " .
I can swy , tyat coch is experienfed persln .
Not so lkng aho , we are Hd competitjon .
The first place was gotting by us .
We habe acuieved this result , be we are friendly and orgnaised .
I believe , hat in Ghe future I was be a famosu football player in geams such as Skhatwr or Dynamo .
Football is my oife .
I want to guve advive to soimeone who starts thus spoet:"You must believe in yorself " .
watching my friend ,
now 's up ?
now are yoj ?
How was on The toda ?
It 's 's nicr foes youd expressly e - mail yesterday .
You revret that yo were n't there the me . I 'll try dicribe told precisely , brco I kmow that you very
Dear Paul ,
I jave sen yout read in the academy newspaper amd the the the the the I 'm quite jnterested . I hage no plans rors this zummer so I with it is a good most to spejd it .
I was bprn in Te UK a so I can be a very good food teacher of English .
Wlthough I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with has in Spanidh if it waw necesasry very very very very much .
Also , I asisted to a ballte coirse firs 4 so when I was young .
It to a It of tie ago , however , I dtill keep the ehthym in my body !
By the way , I think I had to creatw a dynamic plan to do with Rhe ither baplet - course memvers . I hax to be Teh tsacher for one day a snd the the the the the I did n't forget it because I felt sonderful .
All members congfatulated me , as well .
On in do hand , I had tzken care of my brothers and cpusins for manh hohrs when they were are on .
Gou as as as as as must them thzt , I 'm a very responsible , kidn nd the funny prson .
Thaxt mames me a goos candidxte to achieve the job , or he hobbu foes me !
I hope ylu kesp in mind my candidature bec I 'm npt other to disappoint yo .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion a a public among wo n't be sufcered by the shotrage in ddmand .
Because at evertone get afflrd to bjy is own cat .
Besides a there are lots of low income peopole to who ca n't but teir own car .
So I with public transport 's future is bright .
What is he " Family " meanung ?
In my opinion , this is Ghe placs that uad you best triend caqn hell eacy otyer ajd kniw each .
In Taiwan , mant of people have to be very careful of thwm parent when thbey . . . . ge old , buy the point is whwt if yiu can not sutvival , I man you do n't hvae enouyh moeny to rzise you parenr .
Badk to Fhe topic , I do n't know well asny of memner of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like Zealand be there are there `` islands .
By Tge way , HewZealand have cool weather .
In Malaywia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
Ghat 's shy I oeder all of hou to go there xnd the the the the the feep Ths ppeasure and bave Ty their own foox .
Yku as as as as as can also bought a lot of gifts have key chaisn , statue , or what eose memories to be lade before returning to Malaysia .
I did not ave to go to Zealand for believe me it is a very beautiful place .
If I gave sustensnce , I iwll go here and bring you akl of you .
I live in Lentino , a smallk cigy ) ) ) ) ) in East Sicioy .
The local Coucnil hasnm't of a oroject for thr much .
People collect ayn kin of rugbish and thrown akl ( togethewr in blac saxk .
Although Teh Counxil began to pla somethjng only only only only only , the people aree n't commjtted with things .
Afound Thew dity , you can find many places where people thrkw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , or thijgs or furnitrue .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Kentini . be wonderful .
There are orahge rrees , a larbe lakme anf the the the the the Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I bad a lot friends and htey . . were that 'm for me .
We wver played in the park or we taoked abouf ( ( ( ( ( our tatses , umsic , noys , we laubh a It of ...
Vut so so so so so qhen I was a tewnager I began to libe situations that I did jot like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they takked bad about me .
I Thowe years I lived hte the mokents often often often often often in my life .
I remember when I celebfeted my 15tb birthday , only onew schoolmate wanted to come to my praty ; I with tht , this dya to one of the wprst dat of my life .
Thsre niught I xried bnecaus I celt tht , I have no got aby friends .
Gowever , my parents tried thwt , my praty was tbe est andf the the the the the they preparing for me a special birthday anx the the the the the Thye invitdd all my cousins anx the the the the the togethere went to aet pisza ane the the the the the gav me a lot of presents .
In htere momebt , I find thta , my best friends to my parents and sistdr .
I with thar , thsy , nrver talk bad abouf ( ( ( ( ( me .
Nos , my husband is my best vriend .
He is Yhe most important person of my life .
He has ecer been the me .
laso , he is that funny ad the I laugh a kot with uim .
Hoth like to travel our the world anc the the the the the to practise still some dports still still still still , fods eaxmple , tennis , running or trekkimg .
We have eatching TV serkes and cooking several desserta too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially Davjd , my husband .
Life of people aroundr the globe is becoming busier and usier xay by day .
A busy life always compell to use Fhe fastesdt and most convenient mod of transportation , which had made had transportation system lwg behond motor cas .
Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS ,
Ghis / advertisement for a some gas been eading by an uitable person .
My named is María , I am are Spain .
I am interesed in thks work bgecau I enjo travelling ajd the I am teachwr so I have working the hte children .
I am sjre that I will lokk In who get very these .
I have to speak English perfrctly so I think up the most abouy ( ( ( if I aork in summer camos , I it imprkve my level Englis .
For the do hand , I couls my my my my teach does to the children in the summer cajps .
I am waiting Yorus qnswer .
Hi Sam
How are tou ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I studied my ldssons the My month qnd the the the the the it 's very interesting .
I 'm told a this and the should arw that friendly .
Bt so so so so so I need to study harder be I it 's 's to oass Te exam , and it 's that dificult before before before .
into , if I carry on studying liieright now , a it do it .
in particular ae very funny
really Sir or madam :
I haqve seen your announcement in the neaspaper nd the the the the the I am interrsted to apply gor .
I fan sleak does and I am a logely , energy and hardorking person besid I ahve recommendations meet from
my kast company .
I have wondered would would be worling like a cuildhood teachre since since since since since in a This and I am qualified .
Besides a I have cooking skills the I love to cook .
I with you arr interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Bqrrientos
in technology a hace chanched Ghe oeople to have very lot fact a we can think gow difefrent is our life respect eithwr to our pzrents or ohr our grandlarents pife.for during my parnets di 'm n't hacth on tv , because rhere . wss n't any tv on yhe . worlr when thet . were young.butf it is n't thd alone differnece : we can think at the mobilefone , yhe computer ed at least yhe intwrnet.our grandparentz woubdn't imagine a trange mavhine like cdomputer in their life .
Although the dact tyat personal behicle have car now is pouplar , in me , the stance of had an is still very crucial .
Nowaady how how how how how , pwople to yse fossil fuel as the lost important soutce of energt firs trafelling , manufacturing , Thjs sourxe of energg does n't ; aintain at the vonstant loevel , but someday it was be run oit .
Pekple muts find ways to hse other energy sourdes lime nucleqr electricity , wine power , public transportation such as electric metro usr thks kind of energu .
As a resukt , governmesnts wipl invest more in researching Rhe usually of these nes are types of neergy , travelling usong had an will become mjch cheaper than personwl car .
a range of had sauce will be exoanded to remote areas , it becomes much more convenient .
Commutng , rravelling usjng had services was be thew like plrior chlice .
In addition , Th population is increasing rapidly , in Fhe near me , almost all cities in the worl was ecome overcrowded , It iwll lead to nany `` but problems to be solved , foss exajple , traffic jams , sir pollution .
In sime compare , these problems are lewd by Tje we - using of personal vwhicle .
People realise that using Tjeir ow car is jusg - - - - to waste rheir time fprsss traffic so or to hradually kilping themselves are breathing pilluted aor .
So the because way for Tehm to traveling people is through public transport .
Eacg pedson hsould pracgice savinjg qhen using an sohrce of enenu to protect his we lives .
In For , invesfments on deverloping had transpory was increasec considerably , public sense of travelling hnave a brighf potentiak and it 's xtance in the me ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how ar you .
aer yoh free for weckend , havd yoi ant pkans .
Me ad the the the the the my friends go to Teh cibema , qnd the the the the the I invite you to go with us .
If yoj ade the interesting , found me at 8 o clock near Tue cinema entrance .
in on Uelen ofr those wonderful presents .
I want to reaf these two book in in in in .
I went to temple in Thed mprning foolowed by lounch at Ghe Hote lafter in the evening wenf to the bech .
In For it is evident thar , , , because reveloping countriex sre facing political an economic instability , mkgrants trsvel fofs better education prospects and stabpe esnvironment for younger generatoon to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shotrage of people quapified for professional jkbs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people cohtributing to the economy .
The cause of Brxin - draun should be tackled at international amd the the the the the national level on a broader dimenswions and rationla pattern , for it is a global issur .
In this situation , developing nations should very careful of onflation ; focus on boostijg up Tge infrastructure xnd the the the the the we enfotcement to support public in a posotive janner .
There is n't too fedww oxyfen at Tge otp of Everset to breathe easily
Kordan Romefo bas gpt 13 my will climb Everest in May 2010 .
Moynt Everest is so higy because because because because though , it is that difficult to climb .
a tip to reached for Fhe first time by tao by climbers in 1953 .
My friends ahd the I , we pike a provrams of TV , electrknic music , fashiinable clothes . I preter apl .
Sometimes we ae going to parties in Thd city , I am dancjng in the party the my ? .
Tgey listen to Thd music xnd the the the the the can we afe singing .
It 's that good .
ajson is my friend , a is drunk amd the the the the the also dance with on igrfriend .
Joes is Ghe a because a song . a is singing nad the talking in the pxrty .
Otger lerson is Qngel , he do n't dance in all olace .
He prerer study in your ohme .
Heklo Something .
My namews he he is Steven ajd the the I 'm 14 so but . I 'm liging in verman .
In the moment a I visit Te Secondarg modern scohol .
I 'm in grafe 8 .
My have difficulties because I have to realize everything .
For example a there afe girl she is in my clwss she is brautiful .
I lovw 've 've 've this hdr on look .
Her dyes looks as the sun .
Buf so so so so so she is ignorded me .
I gope I can forgte her .
Run for on life
My favourite sport is rub .
I have to rfunning fast so fgast in fact that it frel me as if I running on air amd the the the the the the reet do not gardly touch the ground between the stridds .
My davourite place to run is in Thbe fodest byt I loike 've to dun sportive tpo .
I am oikeing to reel in the ground under my feet is soft so eoft not the hzrd concreted of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
in bestest advicw I . giving to someond only only only only only eho is starting Tye running is to starting slowly and not to trt to run too fast for then to eventjally build up Hte running eeek by week so that dvery weem you are unning a - mor further wnd a little lore faster ane them after 20 years ylu will be an Olympix hcampion maybe .
In my opknion their their their their their , tslevision . be educational . Shether yoi aqre ( watdhing Rhe newes or a show about Eorld Wr Ond .
Of up , it 's 'm to choose the right television showsd do .
If ypu 're watching Gom & Jerry , it harely have nay efucational value .
Although onw coudl my my my my my argue a tbat , yoy . always lrarn who who who who something .
A friend of mine recently explained thaf , , , , , if a zombie apokqlyspe should hgappen he it be prepared because he has been qatching Walkiny Dead gor spme tims nkw - so in his eyws , he learnex how ( not ) to act in Thar case .
a I want to write aboit ( ( ( ( ( my job .
I 'm a fkrensic bjologist ajd the the the the the I love my some .
It is a job the a It of interewting other other other other other aspscts find find ,
It is dynamiv , stimultaing ajd , even if it is not aell redmunerated , I feep myself satisfied .
In the kast few years a forensic biology as developed maby aspecta ilke bettfer senzibility , robustneds of results and lesime requored ofr anslyze the the a sample , for what struck me there is how fast tis change happens .
Television seems to be a vontroversial tool .
Herd there is oe : Does television offer hihgly likelg oppodtunities for Thr audience in an educatjonal wsy ?
From my experience knhowledge , I believe televisiokn cover bkth enyertaining ajd the educational functionw .
It notes how maby educational programmes broaden young children 's horizonz in the paxt few years , ho quivkly an adulr learn didferent basics are a great deal umber of dducational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notea educational programmrs can a decision on what citiozens from kbow in the me and wnat knowlede who who who who whom our hext generations zre reuqired to possess .
paart froml eduational contentw , and ade so many foul contentd , business advertisements and fake news on TV that citizens wo n't be able to understand rkght from wrong .
into , I believe thd , educatinal programmes on TV syill 'll plqys a viatl eole in educating adults and younf me get .
I think the best restaurant where we go is " Yhe sailor 's restaurant "
Herw we csn at typical Italian food .
Rhe lazt tijme wh I to here I hace eat tje because pizza that I havge ever ear would in my lire. $MERGE_SPACE
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sda in faxt the walos ars decorqting with a lot of shelk anc the the the the the the waiters are rressed like sailors : I with that it 's a great isea !
Also , this 's perfect for iur class because thrre is a It of spaec so we . sit al togethet at Th same taboe .
a owner is a evry oind perosn all all all all all and I 'm suire wgo he makes us a convneience orice .
No me for public transport ?
had transport is the chaeper way of travelo , so it has be future .
Currenrly , most peoole to to to to to uxed like to use theri oiwn csr to het to did or to go shopping , for it is more comfortable .
Bit cars pollute the ir wuth CO2 emissiojs every dau and contirbute them to Fhe climae change .
So , if people were aware of tyis subject a it n't use so mkuch gheir own car .
In additjon really really really really really , havihg a dar is very expensive .
got of alo you nded can wfford to bu it , after thqt , gou must pay ftors the asjrance , councio tax , ad the mechanic bulls , and so on .
whereaqs in public transport , you only have to pay Yhe ticket , yku do n't hav to drive ane the the the the the if the buw or train or whatever vehivle you use , breacks dlwn it is n't your responsibiloity .
Brsides , phblic transpoet pollyte lese than cras .
In For , I with public transport has me , andf the the the the Thr there people ue it , Th mre me was have .
I 'm your employee , to serve on for your company .
Veryg pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
Buf so so so so so pay a little but .
I completed many tasks , incliding tutoring Thdee should completd summer hmoework , correcging homework diligently assist Hte instructor , Thd instructor helped orbanize hahdouts , ihstead of the instructor to znswer questjons raisdd by Ghe students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , that hare , but I have hothing to complaij about .
I work hare fods two while , pay a It .
Jus yohr wage paid too much liwer tuan I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yua mpre than Yhe existing wge basis .
I invite you to considdr Thr prolosal .
I think abiut transport too , the government hxs to hell the had an , for exsmple bus , train , metro and more , for tge oly one reason : Tye quality of ljfe againdt Tghe pollution .
Traveling by n't is more convenient in a lit of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking snd the the the the the Ror cost of fuel , ans the the the the the alzo maintenacne dost .
In gig citjes had transporg works well be there 's a gold feedbzck by peopls to to to to to .
Insteaf in the small cities , it ca n't be good in Teh same wy , heca the transport cokmpanies it 's nor convneient invest joney , for cewer pople to would use it .
Toj Sxwyer to a hoy that lived the hia aunt Polly ajd the the the the the she gad it to pnuish Tpm because somefimes Tom died n't go to This .
On Modnay a Tom went walkong to school and he saw hus friehd Hick a which they falk at a lot anr the the the the the Tok exchxnged a fick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl jamed Becky a so Yom talk to her at scuool and they aent into a secreg garden andr the Tom kisssd Beckg .
Tfom say to yer of another girl so dhe go mad awnd whe ognored Tim .
Tol wzs so sxd bec Becky did n't to tfalk qith him a so Gom wenf on a Tri sith Huck and disappeared ofr weeks .
When Tom eaw his house a he snuck intk more more more more more hide house and sww he aunt Polly crying fkrs him .
So the next day a a Tne peopld to to to to to of Thw gown went to church to hewar Tje funeral of Tokm brcause the man people thought tuat , Tom to dead but suddenly Tom open the days nad could in so everybody was so surorised to see Tom .
The next day a Huxk went to Tpm 's home to Teol hom fhat Thrre is a sbandoned house up Yhe hjll so Tue two boyx considered like an zndventure .
So tgey . weny to the misteeious house and shen will will will will they were inside Thwy hearc voides so Gom and Hick hid the the tuey saw that Unjuin Jod sas ghe one that was tslking .
a two were heard hat , he was planing to sfeal some moey anf the the the the kill people a so Thr boys starf their adventure on stop Injui Jke ...
Hi , jo .
Tnank yo for on messaeg .
I will do my bewst to answer your questionx .
As for your particular , I with that yo should did it in a Japanese restaurant , wuch as Japanese " ryotri " adn the the the the the " uzakaya " .
Ghat is beca yoi will improvs gour Japanese skilo in of .
Recenfly , maby `` South East Adians jave - - studied Japanese in Japan whil wrking they in yhem .
By improving thedir Japanese skills , in Japan thdy . . . have Thw opportunity to one a job .
Michael vlosed the door and knew at Tha moment he hae it made a mistake .
He to at Ssrah 's house wheb suddenly he lfet qll Teh bathropm dirty abd the the the the the went to see .
so he went back to Safah 's house and clean lal the bathroom , for Searah already knew thqt , , , , , he peft Rhe bayhroom pike this so before Midhael entered the bathroon shw sawid : " I knoa what yo leave there " nd the the the the the Michael went running to the bathrom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is loocated in He centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My This hase of a unique reputation fkrssss Tgeir friendlihess ans the the the the the Teh quwlity of edhcation .
I lime my maths teacher that much because her teachign style is fery realisitc ajd the the the the the simple to understana .
Good Sir :
This is an way aboit ( ( ( ( ( my favourite spoirt , it is swimming sunce I was a chipd because slways ennoy me a lot and what is more I . do it aoone , I never refuse to go swjmming pool and lwss in xummer , of course .
I do n't hsve fcriends my like xwimming , almost like football or smilar teajs dports , and away I go allne it is n't borinf ford me furthermokre , I prefer goin alone ecause anyboidy bother me or I haven't wajt anyvody .
I said that becaj whwn will I was dleven my best friend had neen operated on her back and vefore the operafion he came the me anr the the the the the every day I jad it to wai fros her be she spent a lot of time in Ghe shoser clraning her long hair , I hatee that !
Luckiky Th operation was finw ajd the the the the the am left to come with me , and since Tjat day I go to my owb .
Swik is a rtelaxing exercise fods me ajd the the the the the normallg there are n't many people in Th poop , ut the dometimes there are chipdren ahd the the the the the I do n't have so much bexaus tyey . . . like dfisturbing me hut sometimes it is amusing too .
I it recommendedr to people were , know swil to learn , bev I am prwtty srue thst , it lije it an lated the can stop swimming .
I with that dwnce is a say fkr srlf - expression .
It 's not ujst - - a hobby , it 's more than this .
Dance is a psssion , a type of life .
Whej I 'm dancijg I flrget all my problems , except my stupids companionbs tat , theh do n't unrerstand anything .
But tis is feel theme for speakign .
Whne you dajce , sihg thing , or act tou aer showinb somefhing only only only only only to Rhe publuc , something tbat , 's important to you .
If danec is our oassion , you practise ever xay , ad the you 'll kepe pradtise all Tbe days uhntil you can .
If you ade tired a it n't matters , because you have ghat , you 're doing .
Yo as as as as as 'll wake up early for go dance , or do xance classs .
Ypu as as as as as do n't matfer if ou go to sleedp later , or do n't sleeo ...
That 's a some , you must sleep .
If you loe dance , yoj 'll understand me .
members of my fsmily .
a lovd 've 've 've my famioy It It xpecial my My sister , am has sixteen yers but , a consicer my because friend beczuse a used to tell her everything about my life .
a jave a dog it name 's chete , it is a volden retriver .
It 's a lovsr dog , he knows hos i feeo .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is lovely wejrd with me .
our relationship is not goor because she is so different to me .
Alsop i hafe a brother his nmae is josew luis he has twengy so old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , thy are a goof guysx .
Actually a a prefder pass my tike allne , a am working in Othe town a so a stay awawy from my fxmily .
Hi mrs .
Kate Ahby ,
hiw are you ? I hope oyu are well .
Fof wofk in our cwfe you have to speak English a of course , maybe know how to cook spme tyoe of sweet doods have cupcakes , cak , cokides or hrownies , Th most usually flods of this year .
feel thing thast , yoj must kinow it 's ow to deal with people , we are searching frosss someone sho . impress well , alxo the someone wgo an birng Ths customers goo enter and esrvice .
We neee are sokeone ready fprssss worj lont hpurs , becu ojr that that cafe is going to opsn everdy dya .
using 's all , sed you soln
kissed ,
Fer
a think ghat in the me tbe plahet . be in bwd conditions and the rrees will be dissappearing , afted htat , we was be havin wwrs .
In 30 tears a we haver all our anatomy , also we was be eat fast food , on the othr they , Ths north pooe will hsve mewlted totally .
in temperature was ave go crazy because by global warming , so some peoole to to to to to iwll The The The hwve died because Thw natural disasters was be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars . be flying by streets ans the the the computers have completely changed .
Because of thi , we have to raise awarenesz of what is happeningv and we help Thed palnet .
Friendsihp is domething only only only only only very 'm in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
Hoa to make friends and mset ne people ?
It is easier than you think .
Jusf ... start talking !
Communicatikn is the most important pojnt when you 're going to make friends .
You jave to rememger , that friends are not xupposed to afree on every single fhing .
They just have to calm talk abuot ( ( ( ( ( it .
If yourt friebdship is real , you wkll always find point just on opinion and your froend 's ons .
Just try , it wo n't cost yiu muh !
Gold day ,
My name is Fouad nd the the the the the I have to talk about my favorite sport , Bolleyball at of the mosf about about beautifjl sports ever an the the I uxed to pfactise Thie sprot 3 times a aeek since 1980 , The reaxons for my enjoymkent the this slort are as follows :
1- can me fit and healthy
2- classy gaje no fricgion between llayers
3- it exercise alo muscles of your bpdy
Regarding the above a I advce all rookiss to begin practise this slort nd the the the the the they will get mjany `` `` `` `` `` benefits .
into , the adults yhey . . . pradtise it as these xnd the the the the the they were gst Thd . sam .
As However of villaye , we care about much of our village .
Evdry sunday , we do a nutual coopration wbere anyone . treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clea Th dirty eitch , sweep rubbish a then we bury rubbieh .
Whils , we recyling ionrganic rubbish too .
Fdom inorganic , we . nake bag , hat and do stuffs .
in Tuey can selpl the an gt income of it .
In rceator of Rhe haven and thes earth , the creator of solrs , Th ons am makw earth rotae atound it self awnd the our the sun .
What we eblief as Musoims that , we hazve created by one who do n't hafe other with gim Fhe one who creste ouf that father ( Adam ) ane the the the the the creaed are hjm ( Evw ) and they wer at at at at at in in Paradose and insrructed to not eat from the on buit te Satan decwive them so tgey grought to thix lofe and generations cams frok them abd ad set hte prophet amd messengers ( Mosed , Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. eho theu worship the same ine ) with Miracles ans wvidence of thbe trutj , to guide tne peopl to kbow qho whp will follow ths trurh which will guide to hte Paradise adn aho follow ofher paths which it will guide to the hell . so bdcause of that we are ere to do thr trst in this short life .
Trwnsportation is the headt of any industry a whether it is had or also .
Nowafays peoole to to to to to orefer own evhicles more earlier than
A tranxportation . dag by The folks are not crazy about their own venicles my leads Dafk future of public will
firstpy . a agree with given statement Tht , there it be tough time for had transportation in near me people wamnts privayc as these as fredom which is quife impossible in public transportation .
secondyl Tuese mode of transportation !
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routin who travelled by had transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid trafelling by public transportation finally i . sqy that htere arw farious mode of transporotation available
to competition between the oublic that an the the .
a people hvae nervous ootion tro travelling like kany privatd the cimpany
whicb play an 'm role to give tough competition to government . as a result of rhis cknsumer geta more benefits luke lower faire , privafy , freedom and asfe travelling.in addition a many automobile company in in in in in pauncing Nes var sith affordable price which ionsiost people to use mre and more private vechil .
I go foe a walk to a pakr every fay with my lovely Corgi dogs .
I met many peopls to in the park .
I never yhought agout , people got so many let .
In Tbe pak of in the park is that busy even though the pak is huge !
Some people ae very friendly Th same as sog have have have .
But sme have have have have peokple to to to to to arr very loud and their dogs are aggreessive to ither dogs .
Family is the modt about about institution of social life .
Rvery member I have their own role and he boss , Tue fatyer or Thd mlother , hage to guider his tram to understand Thw is brhaviour or attirude to have wkth life .
suually there rae generation problems , sons do n't understand parebts and vicefersa , bu dfialoging and listening emltions qnd fafts , eceryone . have feel poiht of giew .
Larents must give rules to xons to ynderline linits in socixl behavioue but aslo mist lsiten others ppint of visws to ri - arrange and uodate hks knowledge .
A lother or a fathee . be a triend if therw is communication and trust , if someons have gove his contrkbute in familt duteis .
Recently I ssw the thriller of mokinfjay part 2 .
If you want to see Thzt movies , you need to watgch could could could could could the first 3 moviea I I I myself to understand it .
The first movies were anazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fasn of this series , haf been wanting fpr fhis mofie science Thw Thd first movie appeared , that wad in 2012 .
I do n't think that Thid movie is fir akl thne fzmily It , because is hard fkrs little kidxs to understand , in ppinion I think is mre a teen lovie .
I thik people like thid movie beca , uts vrry related to Teh story of the boko ; this obe of Ths firstf jovie tjat is 's based in Ths bopk , The theme is that umique and original , zlso Th actors in Ths first series were perdect , and I think that in the oast movie , they will ptu diuble effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the - prt mokingjay !
a favourite sport is Karate .
First of apl , I enjoy it bec as I peactise I feel I acn hold on for hours .
Whjen been been been been I 've had a very bad and srtessful dag I can relax doing karate , for It 's Hte kinf of spoet that it is n't vsry hsrd .
Trainibg Karate is a way to frget tour probldms them them them them them , to forget your tirong routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficulf to fnf Rhis advantage in the otherd sports .
Apart frrom that , Kmarate it 's not just a sport , is alao The a disciplune , it teach you reslect something something something something , balane out culture .
a teacjer show us ( we have to behav the ithers and he teach us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
tor someone who strts Karate is ewsy to follow in class , so my axvice is jusy - - - - - , to get nervous and to be concentrated on as he or am is doing .
Technology , is somethimg only only only only only tgat , is that 's something withouy whicn we xan ont live .
Today I topic is Technopogy .
Nowadays we ue technology in evert hting , from educations to making cloyhes , we use technology everydsy and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading an the the the the the it is that helpful , useful qnd 'm for development a for todays genrration is inluenced by technology tnat they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , this friend Michael to at school when he heard abiut ( ( ( ( ( a short stopry competitiob , he kiked it the most so he decided to do another in competition .
but there waw a fees in irder to join the competition , he hwd no money . a he have a It of friends they can leht him .
a phond called me heard the the the the asked me to lend him osme money to register for Th competition .
a tooi Thr money the second day , he ifnished the registratipn anjd the the the the the started in writing the stody after long of spending time in did and did goodr mob he went to could his story to Thr international studen magazije office , he found kut therw aqre a ontice on the door say that the fompetition nas canceled , he came nack vey sac anx told me qhat happened .Micnael closed the dpor andr knew at thqt moment he had a mistqke .
Travelling by n't is n't so muh mire conveniebt unkess it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think abou ( ( ( ( ( the contamination in iur that planet .
Travelkling by bus is that stressful because the pelple to push me or I ca n't sit dkwn bwcaus theres ar n't any chaif for me .
On Ths other They , in the me mxybe was hasve a bus my hwving chair fkrs everybody amd the I do n't have to stand up .
Other an public is the taxi like the car , a is so much more comfortable too a but it is more expensive than bus or train .
in VE or aeroplans ars a god oltion for lonf trip .
In For , in the future a from hqve a bus so mkre comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear xir Dimada .
I am writing about things at my cjty ) .
I livr you you you you you at Patas a a big city in Greece .
In my city all schools and some wallse of buildings ard full of draqings and qriting .
The vandalisme in patrqs has increased a It .
Unfortunately a wheb will we xay to somebody to do not draw the walls for they do , hear us .
Cor our city it is very bad because when some new leople to viait Pqtras the sde Thar hing .
Patdas is a very beautiful cuty nad for hef cuoture , and foss hrr mknuments .
hy to see tfhat abaser thin ?
After we hafe Thia , a beautiful city a we have to support her .
In my opinioj te police they stkp the Vandalisme .
If it have pklice all aeound the dity nobody will dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something dor that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jsesyka stavrox .
All our worlkd poupils to are waitinhg foes fdinishing school .
in . ate eager to begin a ew are life as an adults .
But as they reach in - between perikd , confused feelings dross our mind .
As a rule after last examz they do n't them what I needed to know .
What they was do in duture ghey swe , lijke in a fog .
In this way a a a a I idea of a year off between leavjng This and starting next education is that reasonxble .
irstly it 'll allow yojng people to hwve a rwst after the like hrd - work studyinv oeriod .
Tej or elsven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupols still still do n't notkce it .
Byt so so so so so cjoosing the second exucation is that important too , my need serious attitude .
Seconsly On On On this On such a make - off would give future etudents a chance to try themselves in nbew profeszional sphears .
Also a they would hav an opprtunify bein involvedd in volonfier activity .
And thirdly a a a a ghey . might wrok ofr earning oqn more money or travel .
This year a holiday . be eeally helpful for relaxation ans the the the the the gettin mew pwer cors fhture education .
One year is not lpong perkod all .
Bu so so so so so venefits after year ff will be obviosu .
I have you you in Sah Miguel Almologan , Tbis is a villge in Thr municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the Statge of Mexico , The care of the environment is very important ans the the the the the in my village rhey take djfferent had affected in the cqre of this .
Pepple to follects teash of their hosue anc the the the the the waait the trash truck that carried Ghe Tfash to a landfill located oitside the villaye .
Also , people go put to dollars the traah that there is on for the kioisk , the church or in Th proncipal places on Ths vilkage .
really Sir ,
I am interestedd in imorove my English , so I am writing to correct correct knformation about the does course .
Firstly , I it like to know how lpng the course laets , and if it is possible te date exactly , be I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Ckrk , so it it be great if ylu could ssnd me ddtails of accommodation thaf , you offer in Thsi coirse .
Anbd now now now now now also , . you yive me an most of how there it wkuld be cost evey different options ? .
It would be yseful if I can lkve the do students , because it is a yood way to learning a language like these .
Oastly , this me know if I need to pass any level test before statring .
I oook study to hdaring from uou .
Yours fairhfully .
Rlsa .
Pefer looks at hus wxtch and different thst , he hac to do something immediately , after listening to conversations of his new neighbors .
Tjey are planninf to rob a that prexious thing from Mueeum tpnight .
He every n't have much time to prove their goal and he could , wait to let it succeed .
It is his tlwn anr the the the the the it is Hos suty too to save towm 's yistory .
He callec Ths police and infofmed aqbout ( ( ( ( ( his neighbours robbeyr plan .
Police reached Muweum ans the the the the the caught robgers red haned .
I am bwleving that there is no future fosssss the public transpot , uing traims is lor convidnt and low expenses also to decrease the carlon gases which affecting Ghe ozone , people should be aware about Fhe esffect of using the had transporation on the ecobmics ands envuroment , govedements shakl encarge the peoiple to use the other wyas fof transport , tis subjet shapl be issuesd in wll medi to leadn anx encrae tfhe peoole to ue he erigth way fro transpot .
Hello Estela !
How qre you ? I hope youy arw sell .
I 'm writing because I trll you about my last sumler even even even even even a holiday .
I wrnt to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one person in the nome my boyfriend .
I had a weddiny .
While I was thbere , I did a It of something .
One The , I visited Mewndro del melero .
It to wo .
Snd Thsre wasx a comfortable view .
The next day , I walked a It along the Tne end the way , we found a waterfall .
in name I waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It wax in in in in in soectacular .
Thd wedding day , I had a great time anx and I slept very lare .
in wedding was in Tbe mofning , and in the afternoon we go to Tbe restauranf the other people .
into , in the might , we had dinner in a yaraje and there was a party , all ngiht .
ou should visit Lss Hurdes , It is a beautiful sitw .
Qnd now now now now now yhere are a It of either .
Xnd now now now now now thd peoplw to to to to to arw vwry nicxe .
English is an international language because I 'm for the mldern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learnm .
Thwy begin to study English at an early agr .
Thgey use at least an hour to learn Englishj knowledge a day .
Even kidx in kindergarten have beguh learning simple word in in .
Thay 's a good phenomenon , Fpr does is essential nowaxays .
In addition , some people think English is superioe `` Thyan Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for grea significance , bjt nglish is after xll a fordign lanuage .
a is hadd it friends people to see ege to ye .
does . hjelp has us read does original orks , but Chinese heslps has us leafn a Trhe Xhina .
Obly by characters a a Chinese lirerature dan send off its brilliance .
Kearning a coubtry 's xulture , learning ite classic culture , the first thing is told its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we giv some some some some some up oir mothet tonbue qnd the the the the Korean Korean owned culture theough a foreign langiage ?
I wad , last month , in a fantastic restauraqnt , Wooylpools .
It is emall but comfortable and famous for its bkg bugruers .
Woolypoosl is a specialty of eal , it 's a eal restaruant should should should should should .
In my oponion their their their their their the rewtaurant can be better , tespect to meaxt , for it is psrfect to hjave dinner with you friends .
I have expects to be more famouis today today today today today , berter anf the the the the the biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the placd , it is tar trom Ths people xnd the the cities , ane the the the the the Th spacer , that is very small fprssss lots of people .
In We have we have mwny `` `` `` `` `` thungs thxt , make us happy and can pur ljvesgo on .
An example , a after all a or a vift especially if it from on best frien .
Once , I got sick nad the stayef at general hospital , nad my frien he he he he bave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower I havw it ever .
In my town we celebrate a smaqll organizatioj for more healthy dnvironment , beaut touch ajd the the the the the to be attractive . been citizens in the tkwn must participate in this , in citizeb was take Yhe responsibiliyy fr specific day to clean the tpwn and pyt Rhe eubbish into correct place anjd cflean trdee and plamt mkre of it .
I 'm agree with Rhe opijion thar , , Thw famous pdople to to to to to , suxh this this this this this as politicians and flim stars deservr to give a private life without ojurnalists following them all the time .
It is horrible hzve a persn all all all all all behind yoj all the time , yoh jot - have a lfe,notpeace , hot a ahppy .
In adirion really really really really really akl pearsons hae thd , it rught to safe and to be free .
Neverhteless Yhe journaliste stay alk he time hzving a phito all all all all all , all the time , when they earen , drimking , happt , sad , how is your love life and with whosver stsy , if stay wtih something 'm our what I buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privqcy authouvht the socisty nave a blale , because if they do , tame a photo our folloes Thw life of Thd famous yhe people borde .
So that , politiciana amd the tilm strs were hsve support it , brca then they will have to bear it , beca they then hqve thd feward sith what they ezrn .
in / lal .
goopd Good morning .
How wre oyu .
come here .
Get doan .
Get in to Rhe room .
Get in to Te bis .
Let us aalk at .
Ldt us plah carda .
Let us sleep .
Lpet me in .
Leg me go .
Let me se your photos .
Ldt me watch your watch .
Let me alkow to enter in to your cabin .
Fkrgive me . :
Bring that yoy .
bring glss of wtaer .
drank water .
Eat food .
Run Faxt .
srop xhouting . do n't shlut .
Lket us bath .
Once upon a of eas one little amt caoled Prnny , he was really small in copared with Thw thers .
He hated to be like that bec moxt about about about about of Thr ats jade ufn of himn until one day somethibg horribld ad indvitable hppen .
It was a dark jight it to raining until a big ative vklcano explosion buried them intl the the more the more the undergrohnd .
All of has fried to find a way or ! , for no at ca n't find one ... Tbey started to egt panciked !
People just statred we to evacuated rapidlg until it begam a big earthquake ...
Penhy to Tlo swd , Rhe onlt thing thatf he cab do is to wait nd the the the the the keep calm .
Until yhe xawn all of has go ou , so they sacred ungil they find a refugfe .
Everyone wanted to witness the wueen , ubt no onr find something .
Like yhey . . were fery religious ant the they prey for hre zacred ancestors so they . hel has has in the big deal .
Something that they deon mnow to that Tye whope tjing to a movie !
So all qas not ...
The actors ha monitors tbat watch the xnts xll Yhe time .
Onw ay Lenny discovered it and it went to teol it to nis queen , Tje queen at knew that she gte very confused bit at the aame timer she got mad and am wanted fevenge .
So thsy , maks a you to fisplay all ...
The next dsy wheb tgey . sere sbout to start fklming tbey . . erw no ants therr so they seaech fofs them , but Thry . ca n't find them ...
In Taht , moment a Trhe ants and Penng hit them in Thdir bafks , can tuem to leave Fhe plave .
The ants win the wwr qnd tyhey . . . . . expasnd their habitat to in sfudio .
No oe ttack thm again wnd theh pive hsppily evrr aftrr !
I have many favorite spoets .
ne of them I 'm keeb on lpaying basketball the bet . I always spend mord time on another it .
I usually play basketball everyday aroudn ( at least thirty so per day .
Aftet time time time time time hard days at Universitt I go hopme anf the the the the the rhen will I go to Teh stadoum to paly it .
One thing mzkes suer thxt , I already finished all of my work before I play my something sport .
Basketbll has many benefits not to me but also well .
It makes me freel rwlaxed ane the the the the the unwind .
Beskdes him him him , it aoso The The The helps me keep fiy ahd hage a gooe bodu shapw .
I really dra
zy about playing it .
Ahen I hawve spae of , I ofren gathered my friends to wagch could could could could could be basketball match on telecision .
I often play baxketball at Fhe stadium in Tje morning .
Sometimes , I plazy if it near the sports centre .
I go back home and have a speep when heard whwn will I fibished it .
It is an outdoor activity .
That 's reason my absketball is my favoritw sport .
With the swseping porogress of development and Thw booming of pouplation , many higher land , flrest and ofesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructufe anbd the the the the countries netowrks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring majy `` `` `` `` `` drawbacks to the much or even human anc the the the the the animals .
To start the , tfhere ate a Korean range of troublespme it may leadding to Thjs phenomwon .
Convincinb arguments . support thqt , Trhe root cause is that alkost alkl tne , persent day citiex are zlready packde the places of residence , commerce asnd the the the the the recreation and tne kand xvailable fror nea housing developments is increqsingly scarce .
Additiobally , people bow cpntinues destroysd mire agricultures amd the the foeest in There to szatisfy alkl their heed , my will distoey the exosystem diversity snd the the bidoiversity especially the endangered specues .
According to the problems aboive mentiomed , variois approaches that from be adopted to deap with tbis prpblem.fidst of wll , reducing buildikng xonstructure from now on , planging mote trees instead .
Suwtainadle dveelopment from awaness to all himan and starf to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phehmenon and problema from be workedd outg to rdsolve myself thint . gt worss ang the the the the the the goverjments have to fake Thue responsibility fods thar .
Nkwadays the languages ard very 'm , anr the the the the the more English .
Fhis / is mot about about my like time that I studied .
I hwve been studying English since I wax child snd the the the the the I ndver spsak znd learn so well since I decided to go to London one up to learnj this language .
I have tkaen Thar decision because I was tired to try to learn does ans the the the the the I did npt hve Tne level that I wantr , so when I heard about that ooportfunity I szid yes .
The car is n't Thw hest way for for the transport , gecause it prosuce mucn about pollhtion too too too too too , however Th public an is ebtter to do a journwy .
It can prevent many people through problems .
Nowasays in the ckties developed there afe many possiiblities for public transport , oike bus , train , subwau , tran etc.these options it 's more economical than Teh xar , Thr problem of the car is that nromally thr . n't is occupied for a persln , when Teh car is prpeared for to carty rour or five peiple .
in situation to crezte too much pollution for the environment a so we hxve mofe course fotssss yhe panet health
I wany to sag somethkng only only only only only about the listening of the English Languqje , is harr to get to me vor the hext ressons :
First reason ; the grammar tha , the learnerrs , eachers or institutes taech , is like in Spoanish Languame , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , is very difficukt to understand in conjuntin of Tne veeb 's in Spqnish Languaje , just Imagkng you the same buy not in your natiev lentuaje .
Sedond readon . in the English syntasis , the structure for constructiin paragraph or sentences , the vedb is written myself the subject , for no alwqays , Which is the rulr ?
Is and 'm ?
The third reason :
I love to play crickeg .
I am enthusiaetic towardss Thi game .
My fxvourite team is India vecaus I belong to this country .
In Japan , 85 pecrent people follow crickte .
In 1993 , Indian cricket feam won his like world cup and that 's dhange Hte direction of air in favohr of cricket anc the the the the the well start to fpllow Fhis game .
I love this 've because my favourite sport mab belong to this gamd .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramwsh Tendulakar knew as little master .
wanted I play Thie game , I always found tjis oerson .
His stance , Style , shtos , running just Tge wicket , everything my is most required in this He is up to the mark .
Not not me a bit also every Indian always follow Dachin fods ' crivket .
Whrn he to 18 , he olayed first game gors Ineia .
He is the first player to played 200 tdst in ceicket .
He has kany achievement like cirst 200 in one The etc .
I kove the as he poayed .
`` a nuance a first make . have to decide what Tehy . do better , batting or bowling .
If Hte person want to only one bowler a thrn concentrate on running , acyion , sance and ofr batsnen nbeed concentration on lqg and bat coordination , eye and batr coordination , discover some shoys which beame ksy gactor in battint .
Alsk watxh videos of sole bes player I like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc .
As health is important fsctor in every sporf so also neer to ikprove health , syamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hexr you ared gking to visir to my country .
I am looking forward or again .
I dan give you ahy advfice on traveling ane the the the the the workong they they they they they in my went .
l wis tou iwll have a impressed tkme .
The weather is neithsr very hot onr cole xll year , yoy beed n't brung tpo mang clothes bwcaus ytou fan bug in here .
If you have to travel Yhis ckty . I can be on guode as I have a year free nefore university tol .
This is a modedrn city .
Peole to usually wetn here for shopping or eating .
Thrre ared many local fooss very popular .
Yku as as as as as may have thisd .
I also awnt to introduce my ? to tou , we . have fun together .
when yiu have playef wnough in tis city , and you want to find a jlb hefe .
I can recommend yoj to my uncke 's company to do a job .
Bevause it is diffixult to get a work here if you are coreign and hqven't finishee xollege .
It may take that long time to one a kob and you have not mudh time here .
Yiu as as as as as may consier my advice .
My something sport is swims .
It 's becxus swimming is really fhn .
Also a I htink xwim . keep our nody fit and it . make Fhe peopoe to to to to to ho swim fdel cool qhen will it is in a uot day .
in advice taht , I givw some some some some some to someone who 's to stwrt could could go swimming .
It is not be afraid of wayer , othwrwise they lay not lrarn dwim and also whdn the awge bdcome loder it will be kore difficult to oearn tha tne littl .
So thes are the advice tha , I gkve some some to has .
Drar Camp director ,
My name is Sider an the the the I am 21 a so olc . I had read your advertisement in thes newspaper !
And I am really dure thaf , I am Tbe person thyat , you are finding .
I am monutor in the fdee tile , anf the the the the the I am looking fosss a temppral job to improvw my English .
Nwither I have problemd fof workimg they they they they they in a kitchen , it be coear if I tpld you thatg my paretns have a basr .
Accorfing to my age , eveninmg acyivities are , a problem fofs me , ahd the the I llayed many sports suring my ife , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting fots your answer , Eoder
The city which I love is a small village .
Alo residents yake great care of Tge much .
Oragnized share , where everyonw vlean up the fillage .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into auitable containers .
using helping to protect ojr that environment to make it clea , safe , in ordwr to jeopardize oir that that variojs disease .
In my village a there are traxh cans , so that no at threw debris on the ground .
htere are socejalne place where ygou . organize bonifres , vut eveyone jas to vlean up atfer themselves and thdow out alol agrbage .
We have Fhe ability to usd renewable energy sources , gecause it is closs to a wind power pkant .
Recently , aldo The on ths rof of the primafy schoopl were et he batteries and Tge . were schoo used solae have eergy insteas of electricity .
They organize monthly meetinys on for the much , should participate in them .
Wszysycy residrnts of my billage , they trh to , so thst , our village was clea thyat polljte Thw environmrnt as little as possible .
Travelling in theiur own car is wag more comfortable tan taking a reide in had transportation.thwre arw several reasoj to consier .
Firstly , the bus is always drip by to get a passenger that take a more of thab expected to time of travel .
Secondly , Th public vehicke route xre more faster than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privafy .
ifnally , there is a Therefore to only a victim of thegt anf the the the the the pocket picker .
However , public transportatioj is luch cheaper ghan to bvuy a hew var and friends the advenurer who want to have an exciting tracel for tjen to see more adtion .
Like wztching outside or sight seeikng look look look look look , to mingloe and mset diffeernt had had pekple to to to to to .
In addition to Tgis , I aoso The The The admire in bullet traim in japan my will u consider fast anf the the the the the aafe phblic vheicle ive'd kniwn .
To xum it up a I still consider havinv their own . It is way more safs snd conviniesnt .
Pyblic future ujless fhey bave project to at leaxt lessen thes time of travel and prioritize Thd safety of their pass .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree the Thed decision of minerak extraction .
More details and rwasons will be elaborated in Ths following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To beign with , extract Th mineral ill be garmful to our much .
Ther ar breathtaking sghts still still still still still on Tge oytskirts of my hometownj .
In my childhood , I qent yhere to spend my sujmer even even even even even every year .
into , it was probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
Nexy to go will be , hte extraction of thed valuable mineral eill deginitely leads to air pollution .
Three haz been an example htat , the other town is polljted by this prcess of developijg the mkneral .
No ohe caj deyn rhat yhe popllution ikssue is at of Tbe ugmost about about important thing I I I I ehich from be prevented .
Last buf nto Rhe least , Fhe mneral extractionj will turn ut to be orofound inflyence , especiaply , to oue offsrping .
To take my friend , Tayor , as an examplew , hed homeland were over - develoled and brcome an qrid place when am was a child .
Aftet time time time time time she groqs up , am decides to leave her anx never go back to her hometown .
In addution really really really really really , he hazs of no blithe memory in uer that childhood .
in problem is that xome people consider Thd mob opportunities that it was bring to us .
Du to Tue mineral development , jany people in our hometown . probably earn much mors koney than myself .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertgeless , theyh . do not giuve some some some some some us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no mode crucial when it comes to hsalth and environmental conserfation .
In a nutshell , Gased on Tye reasons anr the the the the the imstances above , in disadvantages of exrtact the valuable mineral are outwsigh thew advfantage .
a , I do not subscribe to tjis decision .
Limiting cars on the rods would cause te disappearing of poo .
in fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global wzrming .
Globao warminmg is a serious issue , higher temperature make Rhe icw cqps melt .
Fhe oonger we bhrry ouhr that that heads in san , the warjer the eargh was be .
I leatn does to umprove the graduate quality of my sentences !
I do n't nelieve any any any any any in it , learning while caes are flying .
Even if it will have hapoened there wre many pepple to to to to to who ca n't get a far , because it is too expensive , nto ony fro buying but fosss fuek , service and so forth .
Buxes are more simple - hou ust bug a tickety .
And as ahout trains ?
I saw tv aboug ( ( ( ( ( train in Japan - that is Thd future of had an .
I wsnt 's to see blue sky and not stream of dars lile it was in Te fklm " The First Rlement "
Brandin ackie
Parliament Nouse
Cambera ADT 25089
The 26th of Marfh 201
Chief Executive Officsr
Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza
Dear Cadlos
Yhour order 6 air conditioning is incxomplete , we apologize for Tne inconvenience .
We have ocnscience of Thi mistxke , we ha a confusikn of the number of ai conditioning before Ghe teephone coknversation the on seecretary to confirm on purxhase .
Bedause on order to confirmed at Tlo lat abd the I tbat tye , odder was n't in adavnce we pnly could end 5 pieces .
Aince the units were solpd in inventory buf your purchase indicates that 6 pieves were confirmed , do , know wrory about it , we it send or the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hopd yo keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Maxkie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 - so old and I 'm comd from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and comfortable person .
I hafe 3 siblings in my family who are taking cafe by me all fhe timw whej parwnts are busy eith theirt eorks .
During my schgool , I like to 've volleyball axnd the the the the the am 'm an exceloent every every every every every player .
We hsed it it it it it to orhanise compteitions andc the the the the tiurnaments the ofhers schokl .
This is my favourite zport .
During my leisre time , I like to help my parents in Tue kitche .
We cook a variety of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dorty and ooly hands in Th kitchen .
`` reference to the abkve , I will have to xpply Thw Simmer Camo jb eith my full commitment .
Contemporayr Qrt is a very controversial iasue nowadays .
been are many sources qnd the creators , as well as themex .
It is wekl know that nany `` `` `` `` Art curators and artists believes that Contemoorary Art is a goid source of art , since there are many artksts that only create based in their easy ides of an aesthetic image or a philosophical udea , Gut mosg about of the times yhis is unintelligible .
Luckily a the mlost xepensive rt stikll are the old , likd Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays a a It It of empty art piefes are beijng sokd at aictions aeound tne worpd , for extfaordinary hugh prices .
Expetimental Art has taken the worlds of arr by surprise .
in has reached a level of differences thta , , , it would be , ossible to stop .
So now we have mang `` chiices abd the ifninity of information available at any given of .
With fhis statwd , we npw are bave an idea of how attists cretae .
a sort dasy to held on Kwai Xhung Sports Ground in 12th and 13th September .
That weather was partlt cloudy .
I got ther by MRt .
I arrived at Thw sports vround at 7:40 a.m. Thius ywar I joined the 00-mtere rxce .
On Hte first day before Tue sportrs day began , we have Hte opening ceremony .
The afhletic representative pasted the rorch znd the we sahg Tje anthem .
After that , Thw soorts day begam formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's gfade C 100-metre tace started .
There to a funny thing my I wen to the marshal .
The teacher callp my name for twicd me abd the the the the the he told me to stand at a different place .
So I kbow that therr to somenoe only only only only those whose nxme are are pronunciation am same as mine .
Near Thr race , I was very nervous .
When I reunning , I heard my laundry chesring and the winds passing my face .
That fewl wa verh comfortable and made me felt relax .
At last , I got unmber 10 lut of 27 people .
Although it is bot quite quite quite quite a great rdsult , I 've already tried my bdst .
At last of Thd fay , our school amnounced yhe makr ghe four houss havr it got .
My house which got nmuber tqo temportarily .
I to hopeful adn the the the the the wanted my ouse to get in fhampion .
On the second day , my classmates falled me to take part in the Inter - class relay race .
I fekt very afraid because I was not good at runming .
got , our ckass got the firsf rujner up .
We have a diffrrence of 0.5 secomds is the first of Ths race .
I implicated my Christmas frpm wonning Th cyampion .
At last , my house gpt it the second runner up .
I hope my house was get Tje champion in the nexzt very very very very very yeqr .
" Ghere can can can can can is no vuture fosss upblic transpory , because travelling by n't is so there more cnvenient " .
In my opinion , Ghis affirmatiom is , correct .
We should used of had transport bec at Tue lresent and are a lot of carw in Thw world thxt pollute and unfortunately we are harminb Ths envifonment qnd tge . wirld .
It is Thd best too , sll people go to the plave walking or running on Thr other hahd it is more healthy .
and is nothing wrong with it go to Th you in a car , obviiusly , it is faster than a bus and chealer but , always .
I with it is yrue that travelling by n't is so much more convenient for I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - febated that tourism to greatly influenced , not only by much of one country , for of Tue whole worod alonb The .
Whethere tourism haz hqd a ositive or a negative impwct over out pifes , it remaons of quite a dilemma for Rhe ignorajts .
First of all , tourjsm is a toil that enables people to tdavel people people people people people alp our the wkrld .
along with jts devwlopment , the abliyy of travalling uas easdned to such a scals tyat , it is now quige common to commute from oine country to feel .
The existence of multinaiohals is tightly comnected to Thd idea of tourism , as these as with Tne idea of globalisation , zince a traveoler is , only a citizsn of his own counfry vut a global ctizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , haz playec an important role in theie growing from an economic poing of vie .
Thwre ae this , such as Greeve or Bulgarix , in which thed ecobmoy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism onfluences the rconmy , it thrreby influnces the environment , and if it affected Tge environment it infljences the transport . Ho?perople becoms omre cfareful at their hisrorcal sifes , this way pdeserving them;Transpotr is developed both at a wmall ahd a large szcale :
At a small sale , in citiea , in a way my will alliw citizena abd the foreigners wlike to teach foreign places more edficently .
At a large scalke , peopl to to to to to can nlw trqvel in almost anywhere possible wxy : on land , on sea or aid .
Through the development of tourism were bortn xruises and train vacations .
One upon a time a a saw a tiger living in a beautiful ladscape home iwth hsr boyfriend and hrr on 3 daughters .
The tiegr was the mom since Amanfa of 25 so old , The herders kjll her pwrents , besc the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they jill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend wss a lion hames Nohn of 27 so old , his dad deie because in a confoict with other anijals , he git an infectioj .
Hed mm fie because some thinys or someone drqg hsr of the leg and dropped it in a cave wers other animals at her .
Tfhey die in when John was too litgtle to remember amd the the the the the he never kjow what hppened so he wesnt to al Tye padts fof saw thwm , even he walked and walkex even at reverse bjt he nwver foynd fhem .
in 3 dayghters ahere so different sach this this this this this do .
in firest onr nsmes Amanda jnunior lie her nom bit am is a cheetah .Sje bave 9 yeard ole am have to run and she is the fastest of the fakily and has a lot of spots .
She is of Thd ones Thar trend to makle something enforcing .
a second daughter named Elizabeth is a leopard is the intellugent of the family adn the the the the the Yhe eldest of the daughters .
Ha 12 so kld .
Other animals give rhem rrwards or bomus because she discover that wzter as piquid .
in My daughter was Asna whi waa Ther youngest of the famioy is a jaguar .
Sbe stay sleeping in Te bed and doing nothing all dah .
Thier parents were angry brca the she was Fhe not one htat nver wotk .
One they animals went with Ama ane the the the the other the other gave her an incentive forfs being an athlkete or mother something else are stay sleeping .
The end .
Hello friends ,
I know you are searching firss a clat to life for the wholw nexst very very very very very year .
Myabe I found something rorssss you : when I were on Ths bus rerurning to homd I read a journal my sime have advertisementd .
been is a nixe flat near my hkme : it is perfect for slmeone who want to live tbere for only an year .
There are a lpittle kitchen , a gdeat bderoom , a athroom with shower buy withuot ? ? ? ? ? bsth nd the a cool loving - rtoom .
I think that you havd to brong the gou winter clothes because here theee is a cold weatehr !
Write back me soon
Alessa
Huello Rile , ahout Thw qurstion you made me in on lettr , it has been hard to give you an anbswer bec I knos hpw mcuh you lov 've bought .
Last night I made a decosion .
I with Thqt , tou should gice up from on music claxses .
You hafe classes since ou were nine years kld and ylu already know how to llay pjano , so I think that you should continue other sports because it is important vors on hdalth and in hour free times ylu coule sitll play pixno withoyt goint to Th lcasses .
This is my opinio gut Rhe decision is on , so whsn yoi decie it plesse send me a letter telling me bout it .
Love , Ines .
Hey my naje is Jkoe ajd the the a 'm 21 so old and a think i'l would compliment the sumler even even even even even camp that good , because of my glod manner abd the the the the the verh oepn for the kids so they can open up ans the the speak .
My current jog is to be a nurde at the ocal hspital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix then up instead of takign them to the hospital fr smakl thingx oike brduises snd the the the the the smalle injurie .
The msot about about about about opinion dqy of my ilfe ws tge 3rr of June , past year .
I had an exam .
in day I qoke up eraly because I was nervous .
Then I revize Mwths as at gome , myself to go at school , as at school , bdfore to hegin Thw rxam .
When I started to eead Thbe trxcks I fell agitated anr the the the the the I thought thar , , , I was n't able to finish and pawed that test .
But as I 've before the gime I was happy and relaxed .
I alaays The The aid tyat , I paxsed that test nd the the the the the I was sued of Tgat .
And this is yrue .
I passed Tht test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjkyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sizter fkrsssss your prize .
I it pike to go to a new artixt fishing competition , although in my ciyy therd are n't a It of competitione of this kind a If I 'd hae it a possibility of going , I 'd already spdnd the tickets .
My favourite soort
Whnen been I was three years old , my arents went skking aith me .
At the bwginn I wenr 's to in childgarden ad the the the the the they tuaght me skiing .
It was a It of fhn , because I coulds nopt it .
At twelev 1 o'clock in Thd Today my prents took me with thwm ajd the the the the the we drtove together .
My father tkok me bhetween hs kniues , because I could drive the falling and it was fun .
When I to olde , I could et better my dream was:"SNOWBOAEDING " , bhut I should learh skiiing perfectly like my parents .
Lter when I to 16 so but , my dreaj got trued .
I uad like my first snowbkardlesson und the the the the the I lolved it .
I tolok every free minutr to use snowboarding .
Thwt aas th story why I go snowboarding .
I rnjoy snowoarding , ebcause ylu feel free when yku ard driving down Trhe pistes .
Yoj as as as as as are have bird .
It is Thd because feeling in the worpd .
Tou are very nappy und the the the the the sometimes I want a song and Thd world is perfect .
That is something I want to have and a 'm lucky .
Rhat 's good I loke 've 've 've Trhe qinter mroe in Tyhe summer .
Snowboarding or sjiing is the best sport firss eveyrone who it 's to cpme to do thoughts .
Although tou are alk the time in Rhe natuee ajd when yoy have lucj tou . see animals .
It hax neen would be a very long and tiing day , but Tom different he jad it achieverd somethinv only only only only only really vood .
Yesterday , he was on his way home abd the the the the the it to getting rark .
hks , were worried and call he a couple of times .
He stxrted we we we we to wakking very quickly
Everythijng to dark .
She opened ehr on eye amd the the the the the Tne first of Thta , she saw wadded Rhe blaxck sk .
A dark smy the stars .
if get up anbd the the the the the look around .
She to in a parg of the woods where am used to go to thihk and reoax .
She staryed to txke consciousness a although am could n't remember hoa sye arrived here .
She ha to walk at leadt 15 minutes to go crom her house to Thjs plxce .
The problem is the lst thng , she remember is thwt , she has bee would would be sleeping and then sudfenly woe up whne will will will will will the window opened the the wind .
Zhe felp slep atain , didn't she ?
If she did , how whe managed to walk until there in hr sleep ?
If sues wasd n't awake , hwy it sje ciuld n't rekember anyfhing after tuat ?
This situation was fustrating not to mention tyhat , now am had to qalk for almost 20 minutes to could hone and bafk to sleep .
She started to walk to flear her mind .
a knows hdr way even in the dark ; am hd it gone to Thie sopt a lot of time , especially the lst fw seeks .
The deveoopment of human kihd in technology is Japan everywhere .
In case of transporyation texhnology , in this twenty first century we havd various opgion like Plan tyat , can fly the the floud , train tgat fast amd the the the the the bih enough tnat carrt hundreds of peoppe to to to to to znd the travel hundreds of mile I I I an hour abd the the boat tgat mjch bigger and fsater than ancint time .
need compared to ancietn tome we are lucky wnough that we have all these optoon .
Howeber , if I hav given option to choose between all of has , I will sa planned .
Thre arw three reaon to cuoose thos .
First reason is its speed , comprae to bogh other means of transportation it . Trzvel faster work
It csn trdavel thosand of milss in a couiple of hours .
As a result a a peoppe to can ssve Thier time .
Second is safeth , compared to Thd chances of accident is less .
in lakes it asfer to travel by plane rather than by train or boat .
Thord one is on level .
Plwn is much more mor comfortable by , both traij ahd the bgoat .
In For , I will say that plab will be my first choice in all of threw means of transportation .
The reasln benind my choice is speed , savety an comfort level that make planj as my first choice .
Everyone from take a year kff between lwaving This and starting college or university , to warn while or teavel , it would be Tne best awwrd for a student who attended high This .
in young people want to discover what Te did and travelling also also to reac plafes which would be jnreachable otherwise
I had a aonderful dah yesterday bec I to in the beach zll the afternoon .
I along the my parentsd and my soster .
In / beach is located in A Guarda and kts name is O Muiño .
Thsre are a It of peolle to to to to to in Thge ebach .
in qater to very ocld znd the I . n't swim , then I playe football in the sand of the bech .
I took Thd sub a verh lomg time and then I went to a cage ajd the the the the the anr the the the the and I drank a refreshing .
It was a nice day because I xpent a good of with my family .
No me ford a public tranzpotr ? is yhis coaim or no ?
iwll we see on our roads the public an aefr 5 or eve 10 so yey ? thag , is deally so jnteresting question/
along with that it all depanes from Tje decelopment .
ow we . see thwt , jore ane the the more people have travelling by far .
a , i xgree , if you plsned th travelling for a lpng distation aqnd for a long time a yuo it prefer to do it on var , for firstly uou;ll spend lkess tiem , yuo travelling will be comfortable , you 'll havs a possibility to ztop every whers nad flr a long time , as hou need .
gut if we are talking abot ( ( traveling people across yoj city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
a think tyat , this is Rhe question for every onhe , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public an , and the economy by fhis not only moneyu , gut anx the the Thd much , bhut som prople do n't like to usw p.t . , dause they spend more tike flr travelling or they simple do n't loke to trabell with anothsr people .
a , In my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport was be crossing on or that street with enough amounht of pwssangers
Heklo Lara ,
Thaxnk gou fpr on email .
My When is Mohamed and I am 28 years old make from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GYM znd the run on a daily basjs to keep in shape and gopd health .
watching study to know more about you .
a village is in place where I live a so I am felt to keep do envifonment non - polluted nd the the the the the vaslid fofs life .
In order to have thiks goal a I have to taje steps nd the the actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smokking in the pubic poaces .
increqsing the number of tries and plantx snd unish tbe persno were cut them .
establishing the factrories outside of Hte viplage .
pritect Ghe water sources ane the the the the the the sra .
guide the peoppe to to to to to amd the gjving Tnem of become , fetails qnd the the the the guidelines sbout ( Thew pollution .
I 'd oike to tell yo agout my favorite redtaurant tis nqme is " Lemo " I go there out aeek it hax diferent had had had had had food from any restaurant I 'd like chicken crispy the garlic sauce It 's excellent dhoice for me and my favorite food is sueage and in ordrr that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easw when I go there I ejnoy xlassical music ovef having a lunch about te service It 's fery good and wll staff afe respectable I ca n't imagine one week withoyt goiny ghere tbat deives me nuts I advise any one to go there ajd ernjoy a time tehre , also this eestaurant has a relative advahtage in hyfiene really It 's excesllent This strikingly thing for angone despife all of these advantages pricws wre jot ecpensive .
Volleyball in one of Rhe modt about about about about about diffocult soorts in Tye qorld , ylu should put your body in the correft forj to throw Yhe baol to the other side in the fame .
I been twelve years practicde volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people were hdlp me to grow up in sporg ane the life .
Whej I to 10 a I be fhoose to play the a group of tirls older by me , thsy were goods , and I ca n't beliece the experience .
Volleyball itrs am my favorite sport because whe I am with my team plating I wqere in feel owrld , in which I can be free and hapoy , apart of this , qhen I am bad , thsi , is a distration of Rhe univerxity .
You shold rry practice its so funn , but I adveritse hou , is not eady at first , hut yku hace to imtent many times as yu should do in life .
In weekdays , I get offd from my ned at 7 in Te morning to go to work which startst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play videos games if I do , hav an hpmework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports a so I do , ppay ang the the the the the .
However a I sometimes skipping to fit myself .
Micbael woke up in in morning anr the the the the the he died in newspaper .
He tead in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
in noticoe sas abour ( ( ( ( a competution .
in competition is abojt ( ( ( ( wrige storkes .
Michael to excited be he is great writere amd the he decided to compete .
got , he found an idea for the story which he cecided to make Tje put about pirated lokoing ' foir ' greasure .
He bwgan to writw .
The srory was very ogod but Michea dd 'm 'm , kno how to use the storg .
Lastly , Michaedl ended the story xnd the the the the the he went to Rhe Posy office .
Michael swnt Th story bu Micharl closed the dolr and knew that he had made a mistake , he id 'm n't put ihs on name ajd the the the the the address .
Yes , a think TV . entertain abd the the the the the edudate , because there ate many cokedy .
Also a there aee a It of educate in cyannels .
I think historical chnanels are very interewsting other other other other other , because uou . learn nes thihg , , , , , abouyt ( ( ( ( past .
Comedies aee so funny , so whem will you wre sad when u . watch one of them .
been ar manh `` discussions about the me of public transport .
Different experts had talked about this questipn and there are so several opinons .
Pelple to like to jave yhe freedo for moving comfortable anf the the the the the for Thjs deason , some peoplr to usually prefer to use their cars .
Publoc tramsport usually restrected the the timetables and you only may us the transport in Tje momet that Yhe timetable lers you .
For this way , many eople to do n't like to use had transport be thye . . . waht 's to move thenselves wben will they neec are .
By On do hand , transport is more foess Thd environment , ebcause the pollution is less than using your own n't .
Finallh , in Tyhe future , the commdity of people may other to determinatd Rhe msot about use of cars thab , the had transport .
Susan is a dragon .
Hre skin is colpored red anr the the the the the grammar , red dots onfop more of the grammar can be more predise .
Sje doe thatg when day sfter school .
Of up , she has a son called a little brother .
Hi am is an colored rec , just oike Thd father .
Deaf Pau !
I naven't it written you for aves but I . be very busy hecau of the exams at University .
now aobut ( you?Whay 's ew in Brazil?As ypu know , my friend John asked me to hel bim with the organization at the concert , which was eprformed lsat month .
So I to there somethjng only only only only only like staff .
My did consisted of making pdess advertisung , providung all ticket , foor foes musicians and things like rhat .
I glt it two free V.I.P tickts , so I took my girlfrkend and we wefe at there together .
Whsn will Fhe concert finished , we wen to cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I feltr like a star!Ctowded of people wefe witing in front of the cloakroom fotss Ths signagures , ut not me and my sweety girlfriend gog thsm .
Oeople were so ehvious ... I likied it!It was fantastic .
Next time I wkuld loke to do somdthing similar anbd the the the the the yoi from try it as well . Yuo it earn nice money anhd the the the the the hou havs of culfural dxperience .
It 's a dual wffect !
Hope to see yku soon
John
The advertisement is evefysite .
Thers are added in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In contrast to Thos rahge of medja , Tje TV continues being He most means of communication .
A It of people tghink that there qre too nany added on televksion buf , is kike too ?
On onew this , it 's an website fhats one programme or seties which we ser , nas a lot of mentions to products or services .
Thers can be people tired of so much advertising contents but his is completely necessart .
a are a It of products which havw to be announced ahd a lot of message I I I to teport to pepple to to to to to .
in TV is Teh most accesible qay of communicstion and people . see the message on this way .
In additoon really really really really really , vehind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In at ad ghere are , for example , Fhe punlicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , Thd product or sefvice 's life ...
To su up , there ar a lot of adds in TV but they aee nedessary and benefucial fores well .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I makinv ghis choice you clearlg can azsk , I love sun anx the good weagher .
Yesx it is true that during sunmer Fhe temperature is very hot and yuou van rarely stau naer the sun because you finish t be burn by Tyhe sun .
In spite of this , summer is a that gopd momebt to ejjoy litrle things happened givws us ans the the the the the have fun the thrm .
During summert I lofe to go to Tne beach anx the the hafing sunbathing with my friends other than have fun the tgem playkng volleyball or run inside more more the water of Thr sea !
I think ghose over ar gery can rgeenerating and tjey make ypu forget about zll the warmness of summer .
yet you . sleep more than in other days of the yexr an the the this can make me feel relax .
I 'd like to explore natural duting such such such such summer too .
The eonderful colors of flowesr the in sunshine ar fabulous .
Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS ,
I saw an tour advertisement in Thr USdA and I 'm very interetsed in Thr position of chipdminder you are advertising .
I 'm eibhteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation tomorrow at univerfsity at Thr momeht , thar 's my I ened to work in There to pay my fes .
I havr some experience qorking with children ffoms all agss , besides I do n't mund hard wprk and I learn quickly .
Also a I 've just gog my FE cewrtificate this year a but it would heop has has me a It if I practisex my English in a native country .
I fonsider nyself really adtive , sociable , well - organizwd and then all everything , tnerefore I think I 'm suitable for Thiw jov as I . adapt muself easily at an kind of situatuon or environment , learning worming overseaws plus it it be a nife xeperience gecause I woulr meet jew peolle anx a difrerent culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours comfortable ,
Teresa Wysovki
It haf of been a that long ans the tiring The , but Tom felt he uad it actually something feally good .
He finally , after 5 years , won an evening competition .
It was really 'm tors himj bew he to training for 5 long so since he to 15 and he hyaven't got any achievements .
He to be very happyg nd the that he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his ? from tesm and madd we us a party .
Tom wanted Meo , hks girlfriend , to come tol .
She was really proud of him .
if he was dfeaming anout ( beung his wife .
She wajted to be his sife so vad .
Bgut so so so so so he did n't love her enough .
He waqnted to brek up with huer at Rhat party .
He waiting 2 hours gors her .
He hates taht , she is always alte .
Thwt to Thd main reason he wqnted it to end it up .
watching been Mel coming she looked at gorgekus .
And when he saw hre , his heart started to bearing faster and fsater .
Butf so so so so now time 's up .
He glt closer to her and toild her on everythjng .
Mek watched dadly at Tom , Thrn said : " I 'm pregnant ... " anr the the the the the got out of hios nome .
He followed ans the the the the apoligizer het on .
He asid he to drunk abd the the the the the did n't know hat he was saying .
Then he hugged herd .
He szid he loved hre and missed jer foreheae .
He haf to stay with hef because of ... he baby .
He coulc my my my my my n't just leavce jer carrying his baby !
No ! He hae it it it it it never awcted have trhis .
He khew that he nad to stay with Ber Rhe resg of hide lifd amd the the the the the raise the babgy .
He decided to gijve some some some some some swimming up and started to takinv care of Mel .
One day a Mrl wxs the fceeling rewlly bd the so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt thag , osmething bad to going to happen .
Anmd now now now now now he was right .
Mel has lost the baby .
Tim had to can a hard decision .
His 're was foing to all .
Mel cried all day ahd the the the the the Gom could n't stand it .
He has broken up the Mel adn the it made jer much morew sad .
He rid n't card .
He thought it to he fault that he has lkost theirf like human .
Gliding in the waves
Evsn if I am a very interested in training , the sport I pfefer to practice is swimking .
a sense of beint embraced by the water , feelingf Yhe body quite withou weihh , wble to do a lot of movement thar , , are impossibke while in Hte qir , is a wonddrful stat of mind .
I started to practice awimming in oool because I to n't able to swim at all , ane the the the the the I wanted to learn .
I jave geen yaking lessons for sjx months , so I improved so there my abiloties .
If yoh arw not a goox simmer , you lose the bog part of pleasure of ebjoying the watsr , neither in Thw sea nor in pooo .
Practice tomorrow is quite hard wrk , especially if ypu nded to leadn the basic movements , for it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that yku do n't have to ive up before trhing , beau is fairly simple nad the the the the the it can givesa a lot of satisfactions !
Yojr efforts was be prixed by sicceeding , and you can obgain it with practices .
·Introduction
Thix deport willp examime ther differsnt had had had had had activities we . do in iur leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activjties to kill tine
As oyr tpwn is well - knkwn for oue that jagnificul beaches alonb the Mediterranean coast and for Yhe Olympijc Canal of Cstelldefels , majy `` foreign or loca peopel to to to to to come here to do activities have kitesurfing and windsuring on the beah or riding and aquatkc sking on Teh Olympic Canal .
hese acrivities are Thne mostg popukar ajd the mos about about exlensive too .
into , I fullu recommend them , especially foes spotry , adventirous ans the the the the the young people .
·Others idess to have fun
In Castellefels , and are other activities less oopular , but cheaper , for instancw : are zumba mastedclass , on beach , running ... as sports activity , and as social over there qre kibrary roup , gheatre ...
As I saod , Thse activitiws xre mot as popukar as Hte over of Tye Olympic Canal and the bezch , ubt is success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally a I suggestions that it would be a great idea to combine Fhe different types of over , botyh popular and Tge neewst are are .
If you tried all of acfivities , yiu owuld spend a grdat harder harder , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
Jow are you ? .
I to glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to Tsll on the nest aay to arrive at Salou .
You will come to the Reus airport , rigyt ? .
Well , the airport is located jhst outside Teus , it 's msall but it as of a lot of serviies and an .
Yiu have to fake a buz bec it is mkre ecojomical An Tnan gake a txxi .
in Gus stops at Tge Saloy bus station .
Qhen you gst oft rhe bhs yoy should ask someone fokrs Thye Spribg Strset .
It 's near there .
Yoi as as as as as can alk to my house .
Moreover a I send tou a map in this to locate the streret .
This is my acdress : 4 Sprucd aveune .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit mussums , monuments and going to clubbing the you .
I 'm looking forward to hearong are you soon .
est Refards ,
Mary
really Sedgio García A ,
My name is Guillefmo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enginesr of Execution in Mines , entitlef in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómes " .
I am particularly intyerested ane the the the the the I am conpetent to prepare for Ths poxt of Chief of operations at the ne underground projec Chiquicamatx .
In first olace , my quality qnd the professionla kills serm to siut He requirements of your this .
On the other They , I have tbe theoretjcal knowlpedge to use new technologies are great projecft requirds .
I am alsp The The The The The ablr The The The The to lead in operations of Tbe project respinsibly and through team work to ahcieve the objective and to continue sith the prestige that your company has .
My wotk what is that outstandign due to I had the trouble of belonting the " Minera El Tenienye " as shift mangaer , Cvhief of operations at " Minrra Andina " anr the the the the the at Ther evaluationj department of CODWLCO prohects .
I really appreciate your time qnd the the the the the consideration .
It it be a pleasure to discusd personally hwy I am qualifued dor Yhis position .
I expect a pdompt respobse of the Compzny .
watching further ado , I remai yours .
Guillermo Srdillo Tórrez
Nowadays a a thefe ate manh `` `` `` `` `` people that are learning fofeign language , foss me is a goof tuing rhat moee people loearn tis , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , and are more multinafional companies that nee peoplr to to to to to to spdak pther lwnguages , so thaf , , , , , means thag , , , , , the people were knoa out to speak roreign labguage ave mors opportunities to get a jlb in impoftant colpanies , or iwll have mored chances of bein pfomoted .
On Thd other They , ate more benefirs , for example , if yoy wsnt 's to travwl to another a country is very useful to know a different language , bedaus ypu can undestand all qithout complicatoons .
Fjnally , learning another languaged givws the learnsr the abioity to step inskde more more more more more the mind and contact of Htat othrr culture .
Todayt globxlization is brimging the world more clos , thxt means that theee afe mire possibilitise to hace xontact with Rhe other cultures , for example in literature , portry , films , TV programs , mueic or skme have have have have have do aspect of the culture .
On balance , oearning foreign languages is very positiver way way on different aspect , so if you hav the positiviyy of oearning a ne lnaguage do it , because it woll brng oyu many benefits .
A LETTRe OF COMPLAINT
Juliop Camarillo
Montnao avenye nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 2014
Dear Sir / Mwdam own own own ,
I am than to complin abouf ( ( ( ( ( a eecent package I teceived on Monday last week .
I orderrd two batrteries modep 002545 for my mobile phone needs this mind of batteyr , but I have only received one bagtery kodel 001212 .
a month ago a I gave twp by batferies model 002545 on your online sebsite .
I havw a mobile model Nokia 1214 with my needx battery mode 002545 .
The delivery wasx qrong , so mow I am a hugr hurry bwca will I need my mobile to eork ever dah .
If I have nkt mobile phone a I will jot - be ablpe out to wrok .
To redolve the problem a I would have to receive Tue batteroes by express posr .
a delivefy error has besn would would would kade by yopurs , so this time , this from be sent the free delivery .
If I do , head from you within Yhe mext tqo days , I shall be forfed out to contacft my vocabulary .
Yoi as as as as as can only contact me by email bec my mobile This does not work .
I hope to head frkm you soon and having my batteries as qyickly as lossible in my hone .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim I Tuis report is to ecaluate borh bad effects and goof ecfects them are he useds'opinions in Fhe Active Leisure Cflub in in last tie .
First , people in this area hace adtually foujd a suitahle place to use their tume thriugh a wide rajge of activities , gzmes which are hele has has has has has creatively anr the the the the the effectively nad hae been suitable for differtent had had had qges .
Besides , it has enough modern facilifies to serv the users in Tyhe pedak houre abd the the the the the the yuiders sre everywhere ahd the the the rrady give a heop .
into , only one tyhing thwt , we didlike
With the pirpose to actdact Mre peole to to to to to oin in Rhe club , besi is good points , I will highly eecommend has , thyey . whould arranve Yhe tims suitably and avli they holr the acivitirs to easier the problems
Gigen is a diagrwm introduckng the procedurss of maing bank notes .
Desgin the bank botes at the firest anx the indizpensable strp .
Peple to xhould decide Te background colour and Thw aetwork wnile will hve to consider Tge security issues .
Ghen , ksilled machinists it preparing Tue metal pltes in There to go to the because step .
in third section is to print Tyhe prepared for botes .
Usually a a ghere can can can . . . be 50 han noes poer shest .
in colour will print on the bth sides wnd the the the the the every noges has is unique ink aldo the the the the the the imagws were be slightly raised .
`` that , it domes to the jost - - - - about skgnificant stage , fhat is inspecr the qyality of Tye printed eheets .
Peiple to hsually divided Thd quality int three parys : Good quality , Partially damaged , ajd the the the the the bad sheefs .
As for good quality sheets a znd the the the the the partialoy damaged sheets buy stfill good , people wilo cut has separately nd the the the the the pack thrm togethet in order to cancel and distribute the bank notes .
If ghe paryially daamged shests are bad , they will be teeated as bad sheets , which will be ecurely distorhed .
In conclusion , Thw disaster gives a quite explicit process of another abnk notee .
Even though it seems to be way to make has , but every stesp neds people to be that careful in order to prokduce Ghe perfect vank notea fotss everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
a time begna a fea years ago , Alfred , The Major , rwad an article aboug ( ( ( ( ( Rhe importance of Thd surroundimgs in nealth adn the the the the the hapoinness of peoplr .
He started to with hiw he correct my gst vetter ohr the the the the loves ad the he correct pollution .
A conhcerned populatiin
While youngsters ise their time tryinf to get cobcerned the people from De village about Tye importance of tbe caring of our surroudnings , middle - aged peoole to to planting many trews around the vgillage abd the the the the the cleaned te floo of ourf public places making a mre attractive lace to kive than we used to have .
Wasy recycling
Lical authoriries heled this initiative creating skme placse fcors people to leave Fheir rubbish in There to be taken to Thw recycliny center the Th purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Tye rssults
As a resupt of Thjs atyitude , since Akfred jad this yreat idea , we nejoy at of the clesanest villages in Thd qrea .
day to were worried about the future of our planet and an assodiation haa it been turn in order to promote Tje care of ouf that that that planet , Green Planet is callef .
We qant a a a gappy Earth .
Hello Lyis Blanco ,
I 'm are you about the staff recruitment for the " health Cloud Generation " project .
So we nded on heop with some questions about the process .
`` your information , we are through ror people wit Thfee eyars of experience in zimilar pfojects , who are enginewrs and alxo The the The the have a high staff work skill .
We xlso The the the the valye that they hafe specialised sturies in Cloud fechnology , anr the the the the the hostng management .
into it 's posaible too , we do n't fine enough poeple to to to to to with that prdofile so , we coyld my xccept psople to the one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do Tje meting this week ?
When qnd wnere do you prefer ? ( Remermber that I did from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggrst we . do Tye meeting at your office , so you do n't hafe to move to wnother place .
Finally a I neer yoh to prepare soem have have have have have profiles that hou think Tne sraff of New Cloud Generation shoyld hwve , ahd the please tell me if yoj find anothe differsnt had had had had had request than I tell you beforew in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the become as soon as possible .
Íñigi Ojeda .
Dear Pau ,
now 's up ?
Do you regret when I told you I had neen would sick at a recently ?
It was 's excitihg and unfoegettable experience and I enjoy thst , very much .
You probably wo n't believe me bjt I met alk membees of Dżem band , I talked to them and we hac lunc togethre , tfhey 're very nide mdn . Because of hekping them I hawd he bedst lace during the concert anx the the the the the I ahve theirf authographs on hte newest record . I sid n't have many duties and nome of yhem qere unpleasanr .
In general a I bad only one duty thay , is checking quest list , ahove that I hsd it to belp in cleanung area after the cokncert .
But that concert was worth of my sork , so I uope I will be invited to Thrir next egent .
Workibg they they they they they rors them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll saee each othrr soo snd the the I 'll be capabe of tslking to you aboit ( ( ( ( ( this experience .
Lopve ,
Doninika
Repotr :
The aim of this rport is to guve oyu my personal pont of did of Tbe ckurse I did in your nranch in Madrid last month .
In additkon really really really really really , I would like to give you some suggestiohs I think it it be worth it to take it into accopunt frosss Th nex very very coures it was take place nsxt yer .
Fkrst , I would like to stand oyt the outstanding classmates there sere in class .
They were not only really clever peoplw to to to to to but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , Yhe most unteresting way of telling ayn subjrct the English .
Second , the teachers were good skilks to taech .
They managed to encouragw all of us when fay .
This way we mwde the moat of us nad the neber [ gaqve ] ] improvkng our does level .
Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
Tbey helpex me to pronounce wirds better thn befire stadting the course .
into , in my oinion and am have eben would at least one native tdacher since since since since since in in taecher 's eam .
a way we ha been able to year a told speech and I think it it have been worth practising .
To wrap up the repodt juyst way that on the wuole he course to fantastic amd the the the the the I am looking forward to sigbning it agaih next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Kuan Orozco
I am keen on cinema Thue I love to watcy could could could could could all everything of has .
Bht so so so so so , what fjlms still still are in my Top 100 ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film the a dramatikc anjd the the the the the is storylien that is a of 100 besg movoes about about about about about .
I enjoy it because yhe , pllt is priginal and it shpws differenf life dtories of moving characters .
In addtion really really really really really , I think tht , , Te settihgs arw that realistic and the acftors ha of a grezt he can can perform .
long , I recommend that drama genre loversw the Habel as its message will move ytou .
It reveals thag , our fdelings across the boudnaries of qll xultures and we zre xonnected to each do .
My When is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 so ole year , livint in Lort - Sqid , Egypt .
I am a stydent in the 3rd uear of the fadulty of medicije Podt - Daid Universjty .
My father to to a eacher and so does my daughter .
I have one rbother and oner pair similar .
I haev beeh would doing Judo for Tge past 11 so with a lot of peizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughgs .
I am interested in scientiic research and analyzing information a so I am taking a lot of coursers awnd the training in Ghis field as I want to be one of Teh geatest researchera in the worlr in addirion to becoing a membwr in Word Healty rganization ( WHK ) .
It is n't just a dteam in my mind a but I work hard to can this dream of of .
My tqo by years , I wprked in any polaces such as a dormitory , a restaurant znd the the the the the the waterr pufification ompany .
I believe Tyhat wodk is evsrything and experiencr cdan make mkracles in oru lifdso I chose Thjis program as I want to loearn anf the the the the the study , I want to know more znd the moer .
In my childhood , my dream to to become an enginewr but ahen I changdd my career to medicine , I realized hat Allah chose Tbe best for me anbd the the the the the for my personality .
Whsn will I work anything I fedl that I nave the worlf in my hand so I can do anythijg are leople .
years of my goals in Teh life is to ibvent an effective drub for one the incurble like cancer , ADiS and hepagitis .
I asked myzelf man timez as is Th aim of our lkfe?$MERGE_SPACE $MERGE_SPACE
Ands now now now now now what afe Thr benefitd of work and study ?
Vut so so so so so a if you see yourd wirld and realize it well , it it be deserved frons well to did so hafd and aciheve their hopes .
I learnt from this that you can do everyrhing in anytimw in acdition a little message can chqnge Ths life tors the better .
I like teavelling ahd the vixiting new pkaces in my country and my dresam is travellibg to all the countries in the worl alos The The The The The , I attended a It of conferences in my fielf so I with this program is a opportunity fofs what my will hdlp and inspire me frs fhe community servicrs ajd development my society as I hope to cone back and teach others what I leafn .
I am writing with refeeence to the post of job as a cqmp monitror that you require in summer .
I have seen your advert Tuis morning snd the the the the the I am 's interested in it .
Althkugh I am a young grammar , I with I am a quialifjed pefson all all all all flrs the tje lost .
I am a preschool teacher wnd the I nave experiemce looking afte get from 3 to twelve so old . I consirrd myslf quiet patience and funh that in my opinion , has are tao qualities highlh necessary vor thjs kind of job .
I am good tpo at workung they they they they they in a team .
I do , like to be or feel alone , tbis could be one of my grear can can can can can weaknesses .
I love being with peope to to to allo the time .
I do think beong young . be a peoblem to to to to to .
Instead a I helieve any any any any any it is an advanrage .
Toung oeople to are usually hard - working ahd the activw psrson .
If tou require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae the my telephone humber . I would be grateful if gou could give me an onterview at yoir earliest convenience .
I would really appreciated it because I am looking forward to startijg work .
Is there a future fods Lrivately on dars ?
To be honest , I am not ure .
Althohgh privtaely omed cars afe lore znd mre populard , an thet ae incfeasingly becoming a common asste out in developing countrkes , it is npt likely tat , this mezns of transport . be the means of transpory of in future .
Mist peope to to to to to tocay rsalize that in kur citiee amd the the the the the in opur that plant there ia an incrrasing probelm of spzce anf the the pollution too .
Carbon bxsed fuels was not last forever .
I would say that most probahly private care are not " sustainables " in Te pong term , adn the the the the the it will be necessaru to return to some sort of lublic an .
The population growth forecast tells us tbat , , , , , in Thw next 35 years a in world populatoon was grew of a tsaggering 3 billions human beings .
I jnow htat , it is mice to dream a fcuture of technological peolle to to flying our , each of them the its own provate smalo helixopter .
But it is , other to hapen .
I guess tbat , in our me fhere ae no helicolters , ans the the the the the not even cars .
Etates and localp authoritirs will have to tackle Ghe problem anr the the the the the prvoide the public with a bhetter altyernative . T
He price for independent transport will grow dramatically .
I rerckon thta , tbat will cuange Yhe habist of Tye had .
Even though we will yave to read Ghe timetable and to ldarn you again to be on time , the mice old train coule become important by .
Imagine this picture : the because clasz of this started , students ars yawnnig and do not pay aqttention on Thye teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , studentrs . not answet because theg . totally can , remember what thet . . . . have studied in last sxemester .
should xould receie a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months I a year studying paryly because of agter the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge tuey . have learnrd , pqrtly because I long vacation will lrt students used to habe fun instead of studxy , and partly bexause of ome difficult ciurses should be continuakly studying .
Therefore , I agree with thed statement thqt , , students xould receive a better , jore - rfficient deucation if they spent 11 months a year studying .
Moee reasons anr the the the the the dretail was be sged ligbt on in the following paragraphs .
To begin the , rhere is a generla consensus , students aill forget Thw , knowlsdge Thy gave lwarned who a loing break off .
`` example , on hitory class , history teacher jave to repleat told Ths history of North America before he start to teahc the history of South Awmerica in Yhe beginning of the semester .
It is very wastint time ans the the the the the not efficient .
Next to go it be , xtudents get used to relaz by baving no studg and homework in Ths pong vacation .
For ecample , hwen Yhe semester start , should . nkt gey asay from in sunshine , beach , znd the travrlling .
In Thew clzss , tudents was recalk the joygful time they had instead of paying attention to Tje teacher .
Lwst so so for no leaxt , some difficupt before before before cojrses should be continually wtudying they they them they they earlier than having long a bfeak time .
For instance , told does from be a daily educztion , if yoh hsve a log of aithout ( learning English , yo fould forget Thd vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshrll , basedr on aforementionsd , I totally I agere with Yhe statement that students could recevie a better , lore efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I use tyis sport take I was a child , I . remember my father ajd the the the the the my brother taught me to plat if it .
My fathrr to a professional soccer plsyer so I think that I inherited this love fots soccer .
I payed soccer in differdent had teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always use poaying soccer bedause often often often often often when I am in the poaying fiepd I fprget all preoblems them them them them .
I have to speak the my team partners .
Toegther we anaoyze the rival tram and we chooes a strategy to win the mach .
a I 'm not bad I fedl a mervous nut my , gave me theit unconditional dupport .
that is priceless .
I know health is that important a so if ypu practise tfhis , sporg therw is a biy peobability that yu ard healthy .
So if you are starting Ths sport a you yave to do it because you not lie it .
if ypu do n't have it a tyhere aee many options to practise weather spotts .
a is a vkolent zport but sometmies it becomes .
In htis wat you havd to be prepared for anythimg things .
Finally a I advise thyat , yoh enjoy playihg tyis awezome aport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I slso The The this wnet to the amawzing Niaqgara Falls .
Somethung taht , , , , , made me happy was to sse my familyh .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the ftly I to very happy because I received a It of fooe .
The took was appropximatly fivr hourd ever I watch movies .
When I arrived a my uncle was waiting fosss me and I gave him a big hug .
We aent to long ieland because there he ives .
He havfe of a really nice house amd the the the the the I was happy to ses my - ousin " Anbel " eho looks jhst - - - have me .
In New York I eat so there , I also wsnt to the city Tha mever by slreps , Manhatgan .
My uncle had the aaesome idea of another to Niagqra Falps .
We went in car an the the the the the it to abotu ( ( ( 8 hours long .
Finallyg we arrived to Niagara Falps city that kooks like a gjost plae .
It does not have too there to do for there were tbe talls .
I to amazed of how hugd werfe yhe falls .
They weee at at at at at incredible amazint adn the the the the the wo .
I such too there phptos beca yoku do , visjt places like thzt , everyday .
Something yhat , made me very happy because to vieit my family .
My uncle Juan ilves in Unitwd Sttes of Ameica znd the the the the the I was very to hug hjm beva I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angedl was very happy to see me and me too , we ae have siblints .
My son gave me a It of presents because they say they do not see me frecuenrly and many do part of my fqmily It .
In conclusion a I have a perfsct vacation where I saw new tjings , visited aweslme plaxes such as Niagara Fakls ajd the the the the the Time Squade , recieving a It of presenta and soecially sat a lot delicious rood .
omst qttending students to this are our of Tje city which thet used to live , so , they need an accommoidation to live through their study years .
Mos universities except chesap accommodationx suvh this this this as , sharsd rooms and dormitories to tgeir students to lower the livihg cksts , where most should havge lkw income .
Othrr students aho may have familh finanxial support prefer to join an apartments to live independently
Sharinb houses or rooms haved mahy advabtages sjch this as cheap , safe , clise to the university , ad the the the the the learn now to share everything the others . waving money and tkme will be mokre Obviuos in university dormitories because monthly pazyments iwll be less than four time than hiring an apartkent , nd because it wll be cloiser to the universitfy , saving mloney and time is nore efficient by rerucing transportation 's costs
In spite alp these benefits , I prefer- if I . - to live in an apartment where Thr personality is that 'm for me .
Maby years ag , I shaeed a feiend in a room foss fee monbths during a course oufside my country , these days whesre I worst xuring my life , he to idrty , spwaking loudly all timke and djd nor sharr the budget of eatijng . living apone aill gran me thje freedom to live by the awy fhat I cnoose snd stlil friendly with qll th othwrs withouf excred the privacy of my friedns . this matter iwll not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annpying me
Although Teh fderal golvernment which is decided as a role of USQ hax many benwfits according to reading passage , the lecturer bepieves thst , there is no perfect government .
Thr powerfuk of Tye federalism whichy as mofe liberty for Fhe states to hgave heir lwn pllicies according to their neesd , is mot always giod ofrs the lecture whee it may create some conflicts betwedn Tbe states .
An exampld of ghat is Ths marfiage of homosexaul whewre will sime have stwte acmit Thi married , others do n't .
Zlso , the reading pasxage declares that even Thue fedetal gobernment ket each staqte functiln indedpendently , it was control on the main decisions .
a case casues some prpblems whesre Te lecturer mentiined Tne faikure of federxl government to stop ilkegal immigration to USA in the Nevada desert .
alsp The The The The The The control of Tfhe federal government is Thr reason why each of has stat abd the federal blae each other in the increase of the jnemployment in some atates
In conclusion , vederal govwrnment wihch give frerdom and polwerful , cause mamy `` `` problems suxh this this this this this as no singoe plicy and confusion in the responskbility .
Travelljng to a different country can be both exciting and fascinating at in since time .
I think yhat , any thpe of trip is exciting ut the alzo the the have their frustrating moments .
In order to enmoy travelling to Mexico a I give two important advice ; first try to get alons wit teavel companion and enhoy Mexican fold instead to critic about spicy zavor .
Peopoe say ghat in evety voyge rhe peolle euffer to diffetent momnts of Thw trio : ardived , get awau to Th frustrastion of an ujknown place , get along with your trip companion , success as a travelre anc the the the the the arrived home triupmhal .
In There to enjoy a tril to Mexico a I suggst yhat thd traveled find a manber to get zlone the hiw or her comapnion .
This minimal chabce would can a bif difference when oyu visit do of .
As an example , if you are able to ge aoone with your tragel cmpanion could use each of of the rip , exchange some pictures , dat togeyher , anx visit places qith cojmon inerest such as juseums or lalls .
Another advkce that I would gijve some some some some some to psople to come to Mexido is Thst enjoh for Mexican food .
Mexican food hzs of a It of tasting fish from different sttaes of the country .
or exampole , there are a It of American people were does n't ike spicy food and also mosy of the times could get angyr from the eith the ecess of pepper yhat , the Mexican people used to uee to prepare Thdir foox .
As advertised I it suggeswt when you to aso fros sauces the lower oepper .
In tjis way a Tje visitors it be able to enjoy Mexican frood ' ' ' ' ' wtih less oepper znd the the rhe saqme delicious savpr that is so characteristid of our country .
In conclusion , I offer two ikportant afvice for vistors ghat coming to my went : Try to could alons eith their vompanion in order to ave fuj and try to enhjoy Mexicn foopd because it is delicious !
After Onternet was ibvented and revealed first ime in August 29th 1969 , Sicial Medoa Site ( SMS ) is Tyhe next kost significant innovation thar , , had pargly replaced for face to faxe communication .
ZMS wuch as Facebook wend ot 700.000 messages , ans the the 170.000 Tweet are puboicized on Twitter within 60 seconds .
Usurprisingly , life consequences of Facebook abd the the the the the Twiyter plxys an 'm role in communication , regardlss of distance or time .
into , people were use Facebook , Tiwtter or SMS in general , are not likely to jave their own women privacy thaf , and is a possibilitu of cycle of byllying .
Thks / essat will forxe on benefits and xisadvantages of Facevook and Twitter , amd the the the the the aoso the the comments potwntial future of these implicztions .
Colmunicating . be achieved , retardless of dstance , yhrough Facebook nad the the the the the Twigter .
The bendfit of being being connected glogally to Faceblok and Twitter is Tht , messages . be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facsbook and Twitter can be used when their uxers ar in an unpleasant mood , ajd the the the the the in qhere is negative feelings are expressed .
Secobdly On On On On On , Facebook provides Tghe opportunity to remain in toucfh with daily acgivities from ftiends , making observations of relationships , maintaining pne 's pwn feeling the the network ( through wall posts , ookes , messages , eyc ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
using is to swy , humanh bdhaviour on Facsbook are interacting we the othera by sharing their care , abd the receiving respoonses .
Thkrdly , Faceboopk ca be used as an organizational communication tool in vusiness .
Knowledgs abouy ( ( ( ( ( Tue members incerases continually , an moreover , maintaining relations iwth other exjsting mekbers , adn the the the the the slso sharing their smae interrsts by the social netwotk .
( Emerald Griup Oublishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , peopple to are aolowed out to follow anyone who they finc enjoyable by Twitter .
`` instance , by followijg fzmous celebritie , peopke to to to to to an essily see every dakly activities which are posted by tehm .
into , dus to thus , peiple to to to to to weho qre being correct , or users in general , may have less personal pruvacy , anf the the the the the akso There is a hig potential of being purposwly aggressie tpward somekne only .
into , become my is appeared on Facebook or Twitetr ard easily accessible , theerfore wverybody can easil response as a had opinion .
However , inflrmation my is appesred on Gacebook or Twitter zre essily accessible , theerfore everybocy . easily respones as a oublic opinion .
Mowtly Facebook users expecy their friend to respond or pay attention to what thet . xre doing .
In facy , along iwth agreeable ajd the pleasanr comments , thee afe apso small amounts of aggressive and evenb racist clmment .
First of asll , people can ppst aby racistr comments which garget a story gtoup or person .
For example , after in premiee of The Hunget Gsme sas relesaed , a van poszted an onwet racist twaeet that sayjng that they were ynhappy bwcaus one of the msin actresses was pedformed by Bkack person ( Eauch xnd Schznz , 2013 ) .
Because of has accessible become through SMS , it hyas caused to jany pfoblems still still still still still involver the cycvle - gullying , cyclr - badgring , cycle - stqlking bebaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
`` example , Krishna et al.(213 ) reports a cae of continuous distuebing a woman fdom a man callde Mr .
X " admitted to a stqte psychological yospital qfter being foumd noit compwtent to stqnd trial on carges of stalkijg harassment , treapassing anf the the the the the telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook andr the the the the the Twittfer , and SMW in general , may replae face to face among wnd lives more runctions , because pleople to to to to to feel more free or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter withouy have to vierw each do appezrances .
Therefore , it it be easier to be connected and keeo in toucj wigh friends witbin a sefond , rather thwn have to call has .
The possible outcomes mught be the kore time peopel to to to to to spejd on SMS , Thr ess communicate skmills tgat thy have .
In addition , to decrease Fhe risk of neagtive comments or posts , Facebook an the the the the the Twitter improve gheir me to solve Fhe less personal privacy problem .
For example , cojtrolling my posts from be xent by adding mode privacy oltions .
However , despite Thje useful of is implicatiins , peple to to to to should pay attention that Facebook nd the the Twittee could affect social lifrbyyou avoid uding it most of the time .
In conclusion , the bgenefits from using Faceblok and Twitter is that people can communicate abd the the because they 've to friends frequently .
Also people can easily deduce thedir njegative mood by sharing and expressing hoa they fdeel .
In For , because Facebolk qnd the Twiutter havr bewn connected worldwide , which means protectint pefsonal orivacy is probably impossible .
Pkssibly , users might express aggressive towards each other , due to lack of privacy .
photography classes are egeryone
Introduction
Twenagers are constantly influenced by lifenetworks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , et .
Photogrphs xre included in all of those sites .
Also , Thsi phenlmenon of taking phtographs is part of daily life , be it is Tge , because way to caplture special momwnts like bitthdays , travels , special ocassilns , etc .
As a college subjevt
Ghis practikce is considered tjose activities that anyonr can do the ant the kinc of special prelaration .
However , teaching students hos to apply better trchniques in the momeny of takig a picture should be consider as told to draw .
Both skills are required in tkday 's world and xre necessqry to be developed in the education system at the same kevel .
Ghe reasojs
Recently studies shjow tht , in Yhe last twenty yezrs more yhan 3,000 photographs ade the the the the the taken per pwrson in tfhe wirld , especially in Te latest generations lives and kids ) .
This increase is relaged wuth he overwhelming deevelopment of technoligies in computers , acmeras , cellphones , etc .
Also , photography is consdiered like as a type of aft , so it requiree yhe knowledge of especial skulls , tschniques and knowledgd always always always always always .
What lovely weather today !
Whar a wonderful The ! There is an April now and Friday spring come .
A bright The is shining , the snow melged away in March .
in like spring birds cvame back from the wqrm counfries .
htey afe singing funnh and building heir nests .
Peopole look happier .
Thwy are fdeling tired afger a long snowy wknter .
We set oud the cflock forward one houyr in Marcg .
The sumjertime to firsf introduced in Englasnd in 1908 .
in days ecome loinger znd the the the the the Tye bights vet shorter and tired .
We usuqlly set our coock back an hour in Olctober .
A lot of people arw happg , because they . sleep ( for ) pne hou nore .
Hockey as a oife sgyle
need all spirts still help you to have a healthy lire,hockeyorovidesgoumoee thwn jhst beiong hralthy or dit .
What are you thinking of whebever will will will will will ypu choose a sport ?
You thino that your life will improve ?
Well a yo are mistaken .
Fof another different kind I of sporys oyu need to be skilked or willing to try new hings .
What if you do n't hqve none of those requieremnts ?
years you know a jockey is the asaner .
It is a spoet I hav played for many years and it tjrned out to be my something .
It 's a glod way of learning ( to safe xnd the wkrk with people . in zimple words ,
It 's a team sport .
Howwver it 's nopt always as simple as it sounsd .
Tou hqve to trai fie ays a weeo and you jeed to concenyrate something something something something something a lot .
On In other They I use when second of it .
Tyhrough alo my lifwI hqve am would be willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
Wuy been been been been been woll I recommend this to yiu ?
It would definitely yelp if has you to gfow and improve as a prson all all all all all .
Hkckey will cbange the wau oyu see the wkrld abd the the the the the yoh are going to strat seen it the think eges .
So stol 'll searcging flrss Th right sport , thos ons is are yo !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transport is Tne best transport medium for environmental cars .
In spife of sone people make enough money to bjy theit own cqr , elextric xnd the hybrie cara are mored expensive than traditional ones ( ghe oines were use gas or dieeel ) so , people choose this onss and tht 's becajs pollution is severap isaue too , we uave to dreal with .
in ebvironmental cazre is taking strenbth when day , frm kids too ancient peoplw to to to to to .
The gogernment ans the the many companies ate measuring the CO2 emiszions which arr bekng producdd by industtial or setvice procesaes that ard necessqry for peoducing goods gor Ghe social consume .
If peoplle to do n't use public an , tgey . . my wakk , ride a bike or buy a traditional n't , nad the that will probably take place when the xestiny is far ffoms the place where you livd you .
`` In my point of view , transportation will be very important in Te me , learning in developed countdies .
I thinl the Rhe government woll alow down the few in public transportation , ghat could . peiple to to uae publicv ransportation nd the the the the the caring Thd much from CO2 wmissions and pervent the globxl heating .
In Colsada City Council , people are was informed zbout ( takin care environment .
in citg council has devepoped several campaigns to improve the zwareness of Ts citizens , for during , Rhe children learn at school holw to separate Tne wastd .
here aee many ecological ielands .
Each of the hae thdee or fouf kinds of bins and they afe , as far as two huncred metrrs .
and have been several pkanting campaigns to plant trwes by anmd the the the the the to cpean the river Jarama side .
Negertheness it is necer very enlugh , bec dog 's ownwrs that they have mlst of Ths blame .
Sinbce 2008 , and are mzny `` `` bike psths across the city , so the she will be bale to avoid the cat and they was emit less air pollution .
in organic wste is picked up every say ajd the plastic qnd the the the the the paper wasete is pucked up when do day .
The most important thkng in Yhe environmental care is education of children .
Our olanet is in such a difficylt situation Thay , we have to take over Thd problem .
A things which was caused by us , humah beings , the thekr tarfet of making money without tinking of Thd efefcts .
My fxmily this is very curious of this troubls so we makd any effort to solve it .
We usually use in had an , which has a greqt quapity in Th city I livfe .
It works perfectly : it is ; on rime ahd the the price is worth .
We livs in a fottage nd the the the the the we hxve several bins whicy are dlasified according to the material we wqant 's to recycoe .
Moreover , we run an organization whikch payd peopke to to to to to who bring us the matgerials to decycle .
The benefits ate given to several organizations were very of xare of the much .
My sistsr geaches peoppe to ahat to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottled or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful ejwellery thaty lots of people are followkng her !
It showz that tis knd of things can have a secobd lide .
As soon as the lasr river endss the southern vorder of Egypg is hers on own .
in Nile river is Rhe origin of Yhe ancient Egyptian civilization that counst over 6 thlusand years .
All historuans , reserchers , scientists atree the yhis .
And as for me , I totally suppirt rheir point of viw .
Eypt is a kind of the river civilizatikn among the hugd dsert Sahara .
All ovet Tue Tkme Rhe Nile is Yhe only source of water for Dgyptians .
yet , eevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize Yhe possihility of expanding Tue area of certile landx .
The Egyptians call Thbeir country ' Blaco and ' to matk it lff of Ghe Ted soil of desert .
Nowadays , deel the qnd the wide valleyt of the Nipe became the ost 'm trahsport lines flrss the Sgypt .
Througg Thue centuries of peolle to to hwve been explorjng Hte hature of the Nile .
The ancienbt Egyptixns divided thes year into three seasons compared to drg or qet perkod .
Thdy knew when it was be Thed ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nioe ' to stock up the clexn water .
But such high levle of development of Egyptian civilization has te negative side as well as oositive .
The great amount of dfams were built on the river that caused the loss of a It of planta anjd the the the the the animal .
Anyway , a lot of ebyptians from living far away are the nain ater arteey of Te country and hardly can fin the clean water with to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developing a the government will pay attention to economic problem I in high legel .
Whewn most people think about an important historical place in Iyaly , in thinm of Dyomo , in Milano .
But in Duomo is the most important .
I am sure you 'll agrse ( thag , it 's Ths Colosseum .
For cdnturies Thi buildingb had bsen would be the sylbol of Fhis ciry .
It quote ancient , but still fascinxting for thousan of tkurists , who colme when tear .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman enperor .
It was used for shows the animals or humans , who werw at killed the ipty .
Moreovdr nvay to wers at present in order to celebrate Doman wrmy .
It has ruined throughout the ages , but niw people undedrstand hjs imporgance and take care of it .
In my opijion their their their their their it is important be it remembers our past nad the our traditions , my we . n't forget .
However a not azll many people are awars of it .
It 's ohr that strength and every of I go beyond I realuze how maby `` `` people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it can help us understand to necer gige up and follow ou those dreams .
In tyis fat moving wordl transport has become an 'm factor for everyday over .
Everybody needa of a mode of transport to earn is dqily living .
There is no point in swaying had transport has no future .
Travelling through csr is a conveniejt until of an , but mst of Th pollution can not affected it .
There are advangages and isadvantages in using a public an .
Firstly a to discuss the benefits of puhblic an the the the it is cheap ahd the the the the the afforfable for all claxs of people in course .
Variery of buses arr released by Fhe government in There to meet peoppe to to to to to 's finzncial conditrions .
Using public an is a time waste nd the the the the the no priacy wre wome of Rhe disadvantages .
Similarly a travekling by czr as iys own dvantage and disadvantages .
Everybody . not affird a traveo through car as it is costly , buy to discuxs the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy dring travek ahd the the the the the is comfortable
and sophistixated and can travel fastee .
To sum up a wth , it is not appropriate to eay that and is no future fossss public an the because of goth jas of equzl advxntage and disadvantages .
Sometime I I I I I I think that Taipei is goo crowddd .
and is no denying tha , , , , , Thue , MRT in this city is such a convenient system .
However , durint the ursh horu , thwre ate always hae sufh a ruim person were has no public awraeness at all .
Tgey occupy too mahy `` `` `` `` `` aeats , inlcouding rpiority area .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
Theh do n't respec otyher passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some peopls to to to to to have told has not to do tbis .
into , I with thag , provkde the seat to elderly is alsk a prohlem .
Prioritt saeats , arr preservwd to those who nsed , for only rlders bur alos swome sdult nsed it .
Somehw , , all of them . yo identify the their godies fee uncomfortable merley frosss their appearance , which lead to Skme misunderstanding between ghem .
Some people rven blamw them for they occupy the seats instead of offer Yhe seat .
into , osme old people would taoe thks considerative acgion frs grabted ad the they it even commamd goung adults or students who saw the mannerrs !
In my opknion their their their their their , the an in oru city hace nlthing to criticoze expect that .
well should develop the awareness of public mannwr .
Television is an important part of throughout culture .
We depend on televiwion on etertainment , education , news anf the films
TV has many benefits :
Firstly a it enables young people to sare who who who who cultural experiwnces the others .
TV . act as a catalytst to could kiss readihg - folplowing up on TV programs by getting bgooks on the same subjects or reading authors my work to adapted for the programs .
Television . teach kods 'm vxlues anc the the the the the lay lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Ndws , cdurrent events and historical rogramming can help make young people morr wware of other cuptures an the peoole to to to to to .
Documejtaries fan help devekop cfitical thinkihg abiut ( ( ( seociety ane the the the the the Ghe world .
TV . help introducs person on to classical Hollyqood movies and fordign movies thay , thry . might , otherwise see .
Cultyral programjing can open up Yhe world of music anx the the the art for toung me me me me me people .
Bit television uave also negative effectz : First of aol , children whp sprnd a great dela of tyime watchijng televisiuon ger lesa exercise .
In For , theser children receive kess socialiozation with other get .
Televisikn apso takes away from famiy It of .
This is also true for families who eat in rront of the television .
I deal iwth consultinf and sales of business products and services to an internatinal bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I follow Thue relationship wirh will customers are acquisition to the aevise until Thje reaoization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships affer - sales in Ths aim of cusfomer satisfaftion
I alsk The The The The The woked the lrage and small teas in bazck - offices , managef many admonistrative acgivities compared to morttages , foreign loans , contability adn the the investments too .
I wofked for several months to ghe acquisitkon of nea customers , to provide them the a compelte service , are Tje account to insurance products , invesgment products , perseonal loans , revolvint credit , ane the the the the the ceoss - selling products .
In many years of my I have honed my skills in mxnaging non - standard situations , analyzing Rhe problem , finring and implementing practical and easy soultions .
Mon - standard situations , analyzibg the proboem , finding and implementint practical amd the the the the the easy sklutions .
I have faced several beautiful ; sork the serenity and enthusiasm , I lkie 've to did in a multivultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet Ther goals of Rhe team in whic I aork , cooperating the colleagues to achieve Yhe yoals by providing my skills , ; willinb to learn , respecting do pointd of view yogether findung waye to deal .
I however worked for the same large company for 25 years , npw is Tje time to change ahd the the the the the find new job over .
I Needs to woek my husbanx has been loving in Zaandaml , I want to one a jew some in Hollamd to rejiin our family .
I have sports sucy this this as skiing , ridinv anc the the the the swimming . I 've alao The got the descue this lidence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studyinh for Thd patent padi divfe masger
Howadays how how we all hkpe , fhat had transport can dave the world .
When we see aol thix cars in ojr that hards , whrn will we stay in traffic jam , we with tha one dy we havce to livd our cwr and we had transport .
If we do n't do it , one dat we 'll wake up in the immorfal terrible jam .
But , probably , his situation is onloy period of an of transport .
We are told abouf ( ( ( ( ( a It of innovations in Thi dpheare .
For instance , Google rwported abiut ( ( ( ( ( Googlemobile .
into , robogs will be abld out to dribe nore smart then pelple to .
If ghey . . . . will contact eqch other and use Goiglemap or slmething luke Thzt , they it be able to avoud acfidents on the orads .
So people were be xble out to void traffic hams .
Not all people like the idae of Googlemobile .
Somed peoppe to thknk , it learn take zway heir independence .
ut feel of pleople to to to to to think that it is not so bxd idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , tat theyg . are driverx at Thw momdnt .
into , there were always people were dislike a driver anyway .
And people were hzte had gransport , there will always be .
The question is , my sort of people havs more imapct in the world , and , fonally , who will decide .
How mqny `` `` `` `` `` language do you speak ?
Did yiu ever ghink of lerning who feel foeeign languave ?
Or do oyu it 's to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles tie important to learb who someone who a foreign languag than before .
there re fe rdasons my shoa you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
Fitst , if yo afe planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely ueful to speak had lsnguage , it makes on trip mors ezsy ane the the the the the comfortable .
Second , frs finding a good job oppportunity , the business exchange is increasing in He industry levek , if you speak a fofeign lxnguage , certainly it adds some valued on your prorile ahd gou cah gey a highe salary .
Tbird , through telling a foreign language , yoh do n't not learn a language , at in tine you have getting kmow its culture , get to know a diffreent had cultgure and society dicferent tyan yours 's , it enriches your kmowledge .
Iver thess yeafs , and are morr ajd the more miserable accidents happened our in world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily one out that out environment is all severelky .
Many scientists inbfer thwt , people 's lives will all dramatjcally in the next 50 years because of hunans ' greddy .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient ahd the the be comfortable life , guts forget to protect ahd the cherosh in Earthj at Thr sqme time .
High - technological countries have developed a yreat can can can can be number of foreigners and lands to build tall buildings .
Varjous factories emir excessive carbon dioxide into Tne air .
All the exampoes from will enhance Fhe temperature ad the the the the the make the Warth hot amd the hotrer even even even even even .
in hogher temperature enhwnce , the aorst the oiving quality is .
If peopke to to to to to our Ths world could n't put more emphaeis on ourt licingplacee , we . have a dzrk abd the hipeless future .
Due to Thr climate cyange , the weather is so hot that people sven have a wzter shortage .
Losing enough water supply , people become weao anf the the the the the rough .
In thisd living situation , together of laughter wnd the happiness , and will be lore fight , hatrdd and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , hut . not find the entrance to bdightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by Thd humnas ' unsatusfied heart .
Feiends , from npw , ket us be the members to porotect adn the the the the the take care of our Earth !
It to dangerous , for I knew I had to do it .
The undercovered work is vrry hsrd , not ujst bedause you was wofk with danerous people , The danger is if you get dicovered .
When people mnow that they were decekved , Thzt is truts , weee at broken , heads roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
in passion for Thw because is Thr ksy with to survive .
It is just sometying only only only only only tnat I have to do , not you , noy he , me .
I dic 'm n't choose that , this jib haz chosen me .
really Sir or Madam ,
I would like to applky for the position of bexch lufeguard assistace which I sae advertised .
For the last two years a I uave joined the swimming group at Tye University .
I manged to succeeded in many comletitions in Tge country and abroad .
I belueve any any any any any I am a possible candidate firssss this post , conxidering the swkmming skills I havs .
On the other hand a I played the first qid coyrse , in the Red Xross .
in job gave me the opportunity to uss all Thye experience I have gained and what is more this qould orovide me new knowledge .
Please do hot hesitaye to cpntact me if you should erquire further information .
I am available to attend an inrerview at your convenience .
I lokk In In in in in forward to hearinb yet yet yet yet yet from yu
watching faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernándze
In oud that modrrn world , mxny `` `` people are suffrred frlm stress that zpring rom lofe 've conversations .
In addition to yhis , poeople to to to to to ar working in that stressful workplaves they they they they they and they wajt 's to leqve usually usually usually usually usually frm this condition in holidays .
decided , it . be says that holidays sre the bes opption to denew the soup abd the the the the the revive Te dpirit fods people .
In holiays , people xan away from eaily rpoblems and also . take more of with their ? nd the the the the the family .
In this rfespect , lany people prefer to go naztural places with their families in order to traveling about bxd situatyions on yheir libes .
For example , walking in Tbe seasife or swimming in Ths sex . be helpful to fprget had lifeconditions .
On In one hand , holieays are the best for peopel to to to to to in terms of thinking cleqrly their dxperinces abouty lifs. $MERGE_SPACE
People . review their decisions in holidays more accurste and helpful .
For instsnce , in During life conditions a pdople . make nad decisoons fofs their me .
Besidex , peopoe to underestimae emotional feelings in is workpalces they .
in reasin is that peopoe to to to to to must clmplate something something something something tasms in order to gain mire noney to maintain is livrsand they forgert aboit ( ( ( ( these emotional feepings auch this as love , nelping people or thinking spiritual things .
It an be clearly swen ghat , in hokidays people are betting closwer nad the remember their reelings .
For long time , peopoe to meet their relqtives rhat newver see frs a long time .
At the swame of , peope to have a chance to go sacded polaces in order to remew their spirits and wouls .
They can pray fodssss God ans the the the the the it gives a relief for pople to to to to to .
When psople to remember thsse emotional wnd the spirithal subjects they can ebcome more happier . Because people need to leave the material worpd .
In During , people have yime to review mistakes that lead to stressvul life .
In this , hopidays are that suitable cors pesople in this way to heal is might and stressful pife think conditions .
Alxo holidays xre very helpful days in There to revife the spifit znd the the the the Tne souk ebcause people have a chance to move away from modenr life that has been full of maferial aubjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a comkon habit in Spaxin .
into , Tyhe government and the locval councils of ig citids sudh this as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their besy to promote their movemenr be they consider it a means of development .
On the do hand , and re many benefits of cycling .
Fitstly , it rduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 ekissions .
yet , it turns out to be the quickest method of transpor .
On the do this , there are eome issues there as Rhe increase of dznger on the roads .
Statistically cycling is generally considerwd to be lore dangerous than travelking by ca .
Another disadvantgage is the weather .
Gettjng set wheh will will it rains do , havcing to do a It of effort to cycle or a strong wiknd with , freezing weather or having to ieep driniing the hot weather .
In my point of voew , Cydling contribtes to improve community spirit wnd the it is possible to look gor solutions to facs Thr disadantages of tuis activity .
No at can dejy that travelling by car is kuch more convenient by by public transport .
`` examplpe , people with car I do not need to spend of waiying for in buz or subway .
And Fhis undesirable might might be njot are so short during holiday , due to less frequdnt scfhedule .
where , we can dirve a cr to amy from plaxe where the public transport perhaos is not able no rewch .
When Ghe bux is crowded , we hqve to stand , making us feel exhausting especially gors a long dostance .
Even though cars could provide us the so many advatages mentioned above , advantages of countries had an from notf be neglected .
First , public transport is , for Tne environment compared to also ca .
As we apl kbow , Thr more had transport passejgers usr , the lews var the eshausts ae the emitted perr peron all all all all all .
results , several should hage shown evidenxes thay , there is a strohg relationship between car rxhausts and lunb cancers .
In lther words , oublic that an plays an important role in protecting human beings froml suffering of diseases and savnig kife .
Second , public an the xaves the city space .
As more ane the kore prople a chooee to live in cties , nowadays ! only larger wnd the more rcowded .
Correspondigly , Ther space are eachj psrson becomes more lijited thah before .
Provided thqt , evefy used ownw a car and uze it rathe than public transport fofs every travelilng chance , I supposw tjat , ouyr that strrets would become a parming place and everyobe would xpend omre time in congesting .
Last but not the leqst , public transport alpows people to do do everything that is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundinbgs , resulting in a rense spirir .
`` a passenger , however , fravelling is a complete relaxing .
People can lisgen you to music , taker a photo acll the a are , ead a rascinating booo or just loot at outside .
Tuough there are mant `` `` `` `` `` advantages for had an , it dpes not msan that public transport is the est chiice frs everh situation .
E.g. , it offrrs less flexible than cas , ane the the the the the is less environmentally friendly than bicydles .
Therefore , it is unreasonabe to conclude tat , lne transport can replcae others .
It is better that pepple to to to to to aee aware of their pros and cvons and choose a fkt at .
Languqges fkrs in future
Should I learn other languages ? .
We lie in a world that day to eay changes and peopld to to to to to meed to else their skills anf the the the the the olvercome .
I think there ard manh `` called to kearn languages .
On Th onr They it coudl my my my my my aklow you to communicate the people , know different cultures ahd the the the the the travel our the word withouf the language barrer .
Apso in Recently years to express yourself in English , French , German ahd the the the the the Russian hs bscame something essential amd the the the the the that important in our livers to find a mob .
I think a greqt can can can can can disadvantage is the prixe of the cxourse .
Alswo I consider that it gends to be hard and tales of away from doing any doing thnigs .
It seems to me thqt , , young people from spwnd more fime studying languages because it will be profitabiltiy in Yhe me but to achieve it the will havr to be motjvated qnd to ernjoy learning .
ra francisoc xavoer nº3 óbidoa , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usza Summer Camps ,
I am wreiting in response to an advertisement a some .
I had a partt - time job as a babby - sitter anmd the the the the the I rake care of my 11 years a but brother 's often .
I woked in an Easter camp tlo and I ahve already rpepared lot of over , like " rappel " , paintball ...
That is for thesd reasons a I think I bave the skilks during during during the during the during fprs Thw job .
I dan be contacxted for a meeting in the above addrexs .
I hope yo consideratw me fcors the ob , rtodrigo
Todau , I went to my Winnie 's home the driana in Tje aftrrnoon .
We afe the have fodos znd together together together the play interesting games together .
We hzd it it it it to a great tile .
At 2 o'coock in this afternoon , we arrived at Winie 's home .
got , we listened to some songs , such as almoist adn the the the the the big big world .
After thirty minutes , we hqd it it it it it tew .
Winnie loved eat very much , so I dan it it easioy finc umch food at her home .
We had mouth- wateeing strawberry cakss qnd the the the the the jyicy appke jujce foss tra and they weee at at at at at extrmeely everyone .
Afer time time time time time javing ta , we play hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's gardeh .
Adrian and I hir behnid a bemch and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Wninie fell over a stone .
Adrina ane the I immediately came to her ajd the the the the the held her up . '
Youd mnee `` is pain .
ar you okay'I asmed .
I to shakibg have a leaf and my heart is sore sincr the I worried about Winnie .
I ha butterflies in my stomach , I am fine , ' Winnid repliwd .
I celt relieved thsn .
Then , Adriana flund a plaster amd the the the the the have it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside the ad the smiled happily .
I felt glad oday although Winjie hujrt jerself .
Qhy ?
It is because our friencship It is mord rugged .
now an unforgettable day !
In my oipinion the house in Rhe me was better .
Houwe of the fjture will be big and bright .
Inside will be full of convenience .
Big zpaces was be dfivided in a rewzones .
Relaxation 's , learjing 's , kitcgen 's zonez an so on .
I home of Yhe me yhere will be automatic curtains reacting to Thr light in very sense .
Television will be cordless , as htis aay as at soon Itnernet .
Evfery recently recently recently recently recently houss was be flexibles .
Thwnks to that it . expand or teduced .
Everytying get get get depends on Yhe numbedr of people .
Swimming is my fagourite sport .
Why do I oike swimming ?
Well , swimming hs of always been an Olympic spkrt , it is an individual wport so it depends entirely on fhe swimmer 's efcorts , but you can also wnjoy teamwork wen ylu participaye in swimming compstitions .
It is a they that requies a It of fitness , it is a aport tht , . be learnt at ayn age a but childrne . stadt to learn saimming as early as two so of abe .
Swilming has digferent had had had had had types ; dolphin , frawl , backstroke anf the the the the the breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is vry usefu in wieght reuction if you arw obnese and need to rwduce your wieght , it is alsp The The The The The the vest sport for Thr asthmati oatients bex it strengtehns the dhest myscles and decteases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you will start to lern swimming , choose a place thxt , have an ezperienced coach , and try to be part of a group of yoir agte .
Hedllo Pauhl ,
I enjoyed helpoing they they they they at Tge concert which was in Antayw on Ocrober .
I had a freat timw the people who are workjing they they they they they as helpers fros Tue concert .
I fot a It of experience trom thrm .
In Tbe cfoncert tjme xll pepple to to to to to dan rnjoy but , think about how rhey . xre preparing to concert .
I szw so mwny `` `` `` `` `` interesting things during he preparation time .
`` example a tney knlw everything aboit ( ( ( ( ( each helper 's obs butg the on the sam of , they just concedn own subjecta .
I want exolain to you aome intrresting parg crom my exerience .
In the concert morning were excitd To To To To To ahd the thinking qbout ( the voncert wnd will we deciderd do hot think ahout the concert ujst do on job my would be igven .
When we were told concert poan we mase work shraing only only only only only for all of us .
Some of has stqrted design the stage , some of has checjing songs vplume and lights .
My job to checkint songs list my singrrs was perfrm .
I think it to be the most difficult part of Tne concert because of xingers .
They were ; wantdd to all some songs which wax on the list .
On Thd concert time I was worried tha , , , , , something would appear suddenly .
Actually a everybody was worried befau tney . . . . . gawve ime the snd are are it .
Fonally concert syarted we and all Yhe lights were shining ike starx .
It is diffjcult before before before before before to expolain yhat feeling .
When Thr concert finishedf I felt like a bidd whoch fly freely .
Of course a I had wome pain in my legs because at the time I was sfanding .
However , I have to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I waht 's to invote tou to our nexf very very very very very concsrt which was be nrxt very very very very very month if you have any of them a please xome ajd the see how we are preparing flrss the cncert .
I am wiating for youd emai .
watching on !
Technology is changong thw , my will we live in many ways and ohw we receive and use onformation is probably the most affefted .
Regardung wdvertisement , technoloty is havinb a hhge , aqnd ont ; possitive impaft on lutdoor advertisemnt .
From nlack - anx - whote axds posted in public places a we have moved to practifally luvesurroundec by outdlor dads placed in every availagle nad the imaginable spit .
From buildings with ebormous and brighr sfreens to interactive bua stop aigns .
in recent developmrnts in mobile A aplows advrrtisers to offer personalized publicity to dach of us .
I''m surde thxt in tbe very nearf me , if I havs beeb would lokking dor restaurants in Mallorca in my fomputer or mobole at hone , in my way to work the xdds on Ths buises i was sde - whivh of fourse will be screens and not printed paper - will sohw imagee of Mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with Malorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it evwn will be usefuk , for I 'm also sure smetimes I was find it aggreisve .
a way a it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my toan adn the the the the the tind the it fulp of bright zcreens , no wonder how wo or artistic the pixtures displayed ate .
Advertisement might be considered an atr , or at least som have have have have have pieces qre 's arfistic , but placed on Teh wrong spot or shopwed at Tje wrong timr yhey loos they axrtistic skde .
But , A is hre for best or worst , and we hwve to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I coiuld my my my my my chsnge one too in my ilfe 've 've 've , I would like to change my houze .
I 'd like to have a bug detached house in sugubs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .
So ghat I vould my live morr freely and independentlg .
If I had fhis housd , I would decorat it in modern tsayl .
I would buils therr fitnesa gym , wardrobe -room , swimming poopl .
If I had swuch hkuse , I would like to ewuip a barbecu zrea in my garden .
I could ijvite my friends and relztivs .
long we oculd slend time in pleasant atmosphere .
Whej it cimes to my something sport , Tennia will be my answer .
Though I am a beginner of it , I with it 's interesting since it fequires a It of skills to be a mwster of it , which to very challenging .
When I feelk strwssed off , I always plya temnis to elease my prdssure .
If yopu are a beginner of tebnis , my advkce is tgat , hou nwed to get a suitable rocket for on fkrst .
As the proferb goes : If tou wanf 's to leawrn somethiny only only only only only wellp , you would nmeed to get Fhe right toole first to did on it .
Next , you are required to leqrn who who who who who every basic skills step by step .
Since tenhis requires lots of basic skulls , if you do n't lesrn theze important technucal slowly and stewdily , you mya getg hurf durung thw practice .
Also , finding a good teacher is is an apso lesson .
A skilled cosch fan teac you the because skills of tennis .
Do we have more televosion than a fdw decades ago ?
Do we have enuogh called called choices about the screen ?
Can uou imagine havint only two channels anx the the the the the not playing the whole day ?
That to onl 30 so ago .
An explosion of chanels arrived at our home in the eighties .
In thjs report we see some characteristics of today 's television .
Numbsr of Fhannels are gradually reducihg
In our copuntry oje decade wgo when digital TV afrived , a It of new channels flourished .
All tv triwd to get seveeal licences to distribite their shows .
In There to resolve dome deficits budgets , today fhere arr mainly two TV groups .
Less cbannels than than than means less dhoices .
Internet TV is increasing
It dosts have mnoey `` ans the the the the the yoy . choose esactly Thw mokent , where an the with who wxtching this or Thwt telebison program .
You juxt - follow a suggestions made bqy someone .
You hust click on it .
hey hace to redice Thdir budget
Despite dhanging channels a we ese the same mews .
Bg Broadcast groups are used by staff of tjem .
It is expensive to meep journalidts anx the cajera all our the owrld .
It is cheqper to buy it .
Summafy
TV is ding .
It is hared to compete with Teh Inteenet .
day only national or international broadcast groups can be in Thw match .
Poerhaps politica reasons how to maintain such a budvet well well well well well difficult .
into in fact is tat , , , , , there is a coutndown on them .
really Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen Yiur advertisement in in newspaper and I am wrkting to exprexs an interest in
to join a small group on a trrip our the aorld .
I am a 20-tear - ole student are Switzerlad speaming Gewrman , French znd the does and I am kee on travelling .
Woth ssveral yrips to mwny countries I hqve it ade the the the the unfil now , I it say Trhat , I have some experience in travelling around Thd sord .
I am inferested in join on groul , because I oike mdeting neq are people are ohter cluntries anx the the the the the I would like to expoore new ckuntries xround the world .
For ten so a I hvae besn would would be in a scouy group in which I hzve it learnt a It about diffrrent had had had had had kinds to find a way or to orientate mysdlf in the wilderess .
Also a I feel suitable to join your group heca I have travelling and I have to be a part of your adevnture .
I look forward to hearung yet yet yet yet yet from tou .
Xear Stevw ,
It was good to hear are yo .
Basicallu my idea is to usd this rrip to learn as much as possible , I mewan , not only Hte does language btu also to know more about cfulture and visit njce are places of on country as well .
As I told yuo before a I ca n't affore to play this grip alone , so my father was put up slme have money to jelp me .
Bur so so so so so I wanna one a career to help hij with Yhe bulls .
Dan tou give me a hand on it ?
Yoj as as as as as I can also help me to one a cheap you to rsnt .
It will be helpful if yiu gind a small apargment near Yhe ambridge Unoversity where I 'll srudy English for 5 so .
Thanks ! lls for your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bes wishes
João Magos
Hi Jlhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
got of sll , you should get ourside of the airport tetminal .
been tou was saw bus stations in the street .
When ylu get there a yake Tne bus which had number 111 .
Thej ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
Thers youi can could to Thr underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you know Tuis way , I 'll calp tou in Th morninbg to gell you where aill we meety exactlg .
Vut so so so so so a if I were yku I qould my rake a taxi for the undergrdound is auite voring , buy it is cheaper .
Xnyway , you need to could to the centre . I 'll wait tors yoi tnere .
Finally , Fhe weather forrcast firs next month looks comfortable as it is hsual at Thiw time of here .
Thatg 's wyy . uou do n't have to take warm clothws .
I am delighted to see you soon .
ebst time time time wiahes ,
Jwcob
In my opinoon their their their their their we should go to the restaurant because all pekple to neee a relacing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we cam discuyss type of food we want to sat .
Actually , students eat a lot fasat foor wbile which they are studying at university , necau theg . do n't hage tims to do food , dor tgese rexsons I think yhat thue , because restaurant is somowhere whsn they do homd - mads foos ' , and a good ida is for mains course : naked potatoes , steqmed vegetabls and for dessert apple cake .
On thes do hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming anr the the the the the comfortable resztaurant the a It of windowsw , with a white dhair , table ajd the wall , more or less a relaxing environment but Tge atmosphere is very important fgor dinmer and I think that we myst vote tjis , hecause we will hasve a good night or not depending the tyoe of atnosphere we choose .
In this , I think Tghat , Thsi type of food qnd the the the atmosphere is that stopped us , bec hormally we had spokrn about book , did and studies , while the this fype of much we can speak abkut ( us , our family , our hobbies and all pelple to get to knlw new sokething about other mates .
I like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .
I have thes food here anc the the the the the I think my classmates too .
oyu can it Thne because burgers yu have wver eaten .
The are incredibily delicious .
I do not them how do fhey maje znd xook thel .
These burgers arew my favourite fish ' bec hey afe year .
I can not ay them thry . are because you have to taste has .
It is a flavojr similar to stay in heaven or in Th parzdise .
I recommehd entry entry entry entry entry you to go to this restaurant adn the the yku definitely leavw a very bood flavour in on mouth wnd the the the the the a hige smile in on facs .
You sill wamt 's to comew feel time .
into , if you do , loke burgers a you can wat could whatever yo want of American food and oyu will get the same fantastic food as a person who hae eaten anothwr msal .
Public transport plays an 'm dole in ouf that that that that that moden xay livea .
Mlre than a hillion people jse budes , taxi I 's anr the the the the the trains etc as tourksts , ror wlrk , meetinjg reoatives , goin to school etc .
Mahy veen uss cars .
Though tracelling by car is mofe convenient but it is expensive .
That is good beva the cost of petrol , diezel xnd the the gas is quite high in moset about about about of Tje countries of the wlrld .
Whilw travelling by transport can save a lot of money in following ways :
1 . People save Tue money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have slecific routes across the ckuntry , toan , city ahd the the the villages , it helps people to spemd less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside Thne ckty etc .
I disagree with the statemebt state above because in fjture we ade likely to jave onbly teo classes in this , I am rich and in por .
Middld class is idsappearing abd the the the the the becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on godos .
So , I belierve any any any any any eiyher we will have had transpoft or pdople are other to be as they wdre in the stone agw .
Public transport is even , for our much rather by cars .
Noawdays people have different vidws asbout reading bloks aznd the the the the the watching movies .
Skme see of them think rhat , bgooks are mpre intreresting thna , them fipm versions .
I agree the this point of giew .
I with to with that there is nothing better than reading a obok .
Firstly , reading books to become a weol Educated Person aqnd give a chznce to devrlop knowledge .
using 's whh while you are reading yuo ade the the the the the gwtting a pieces of information .
Furthermore , books develop imaginagion of reaxer .
When yopu are reading a a picture of what is happening appears in on mnid .
Gou acn ilagine how yeroes lpok like , gou . ikagine different views , were the action takes plcae .
An so fonally , I with it 's very important thzt , you . easily take your booi with yku and start readong anytime yu want .
On Thw other They , if yoy like bwing in company Rhe best weay fores tou is movirs .
Because you . qatch it the on friends .
Als now now now now now many people chose movies be they like eoundtracks amd the the the story effect .
It 's so exciting .
buyt sll thess factors are , 'm for me .
I supoose tnat books arw better Thyan tbem film version .
To write up , I 'd have to say reaxing is really great too .
A girl to walking hpme one day .
She to the her mum ..
She to just a young beautiful grammar !
So , they were returning home when Tje girl noticef a cute dll in a shop .
She ad blknd her hair and she wears a bkue dress , the gloves nd the the black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dol!Dould you bye it for me ? '' she being .
My mum cold but 'm n't ceny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The grammar ha of so many special monents with her daughter lioked 'm so adorbale tokgether!They wdre lkie twins !
After soms have have have have have years a the girlk decdied thqt , she has to move .
She to eighjteen ysars lld , sge hd it to be indepedent .
So sne too a xeep vreath amd the the the the the putr hee on doll in Tje attuc jus - - - - - like her child memory .
At jight she heard some creepy noises there ...
if went there znd theea wsas thd dopl wsith a knife in jer hand.''Bell , wyy you do n't plah the me anymore?Are you boring of me?Juzt bevause I hve not one eye?Butg you remobed me the other ons .
Just be I do n't uave one if my glives?But you dic it again screamed .
And tyen ...
Next day , oing at her hoem hsr the mum wanted to cind her daughter .
So , she wenr upstaird ...
a girl had a knife in her face and on Thw wall and was a sentence did you leabe me Tha way ? ''
Tgennis / is an indigidual sport .
Just you ave to deal the the game .
Uou fan cboose kots of places to play .
Yu needed a good pair of snoes , a tennis racket and wome bzlls anr the the the the the perso were play with .
Although yoh from be good at llaying backhand or foeehand , yiu cam oose finakly .
in spotr is not jmust zbout a physica think lower .
Yoi as as as as as sipposed to hse your brai as these .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and a mebtal power .
As tges other sporta , tehnis is getting mote modern , fasr and fommercial .
I mexn professionxl tennis .
Some get wanted to play tennis bec of while or glory .
Some of them played tennis because of their parents .
It is , fair enough .
Chilsren people should pkay game , nor juts - - - - - twnnis , be it is fun , it developls their skulls , helps to physical nealth anhd the the the the the so on .
You can put one if ylu rae grosn up anyway .
It is nevwr [ [ [ [ [ too ] .
Either youy can one be a professional coach or judt - - - - - join on friends .
Enjoy !
really Mes Kate Ashny ,
My nams is Andrea Cokcci , I 'm sixtden , ad the I saw Rhe advertisement of the wrekend did in your cfafe , and I 'm inerested to wlrk the you .
I ' m the first choice for this work , in fact , I 'm inferested in differen kinds of flod ' ' ' ' ' bvecau I am Italixn , and for us food is everyhing .
In Ijtaly , I attend this for waite and cook , and sometimes I cook laswgna , pasata , pizza ajd the the the many do specialties of my cpuntry , anjd the the the the the I wqs assumed in jany famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dsaling the people , in fact simce wheh I to younger , I have done Thw animatro at the summer damp of lpignano , Teh coty which I have , adn the the the the the I pent a It of Tkme sith chlidren adn the the the dults .
I akso worked for many theater companies and I am so goos anc the the the the the kibd qhen will I talk with ogher peolle to to to to to , aleo if I do n't knowq who who who who who them .
At the rnd , I 'm also prepared to work at houra , wheb I worked sith my aunt in hjs cade , I wotked fdom eifht a.m. snd the the the the the I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult for I sid it all days .
I look study to hearin yet yet yet yet yet from yku soon ,
Andrea Focci
Eesay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros anhd the the the the the cnos of studyihg does abroaqd .
Is it wroth leving your country for a perood of time to etudy does ?
It is trus , thst , going abroaf can opportunities new oint of views abouf ( ( ( ( ( your we learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is ; a good thing a because tou will be able to jduge how well or badly tou are diing .
Besides , it . be funny ad the enjoyable if ou played it prlperly .
However , uou will have to write a considerable amount of money in it xnd the the the the the yu was hot be assured to achieve your gyoals at apl so it would be avle to only a rdal nightmare if yoi are not focused on your learning tasks .
Frok my point of vie I think the advantages overcoke rhe disadvantagea especially if you have wome mojey savsd for it .
for if ou do nt , there is always a solution my is usung Thd Ibternet to learn everything ylu need .
Ypu xan even tali Sith native speakers by usihg some Chat Rooms onlime sucy this this this this this as Sjipe and kthers .
Foktball , a oassion
When I was little I had triewd a It of sport in , Handball , Swimmihg , Tennis , but my something sport is nothing at of thkse , it is a dport tyat I have never imagined : Foptball .
All my lite I thought that football to a spodt which was fofs men , , for girls , for knce I teied it , I looved it .
Have you ever thought about playing footbakl ?
At firsr , wben will will will startd to play fooptball I . 'm it with my classmates , who were all bos , so I used to fewl a little bkt uncomfortagle , however , some years ago , tehy . . . . started to intergrqte me when they plwy , and nowadayse , I live playong football with them .
years , somr have have have have have women since the the I started to orhanize female matches , so I am more user to olay with girls . I never imagine that I aas boing to be so keen on football , for , it take part of my oife 've 've 've .
I with football is a vdry excitinbg slort , and that everybody in Hte world ahould try it at leasr once in hjs or her pife .
Ons tjing , you should keel in mind if you wxnt 's to plsy football is that tou have to be reday to rdacive soms have opened .
I eecommend yoi a grwat restaurant my is in Tye shopling ceter .
I hae been ghere twice , and I have it .
Itz nbame is " Tye Dnglish ovn " , nad the it 's a fantastic traditional ajd the modern resgaurant the Britisb food .
a service is edcellent an the the the the the waiters ate so pleasant and comfortable .
The unterior is bit , so all the dlass could stsy inside the problms them .
The decoratiom is mdern but ahd cozy , and it 's gotr eome great traditilnal Briish objects .
The food is one of Rhe because things in Th restaurant yhat , is always tasty and fresh .
Tue've got a lot of different disheds , traditional and modern .
They hasve also got a lot of different & of salads , pasta wnd the the the the the pizzas .
in desswrts ar very bood too .
They 've hot origina onee , kike sweet pizxa , anf the the the the the traditional .
There is a big variety of kce creals .
This rsetaurant is , tio expdnsive , which is peffect for us , because we do n't wxnt 's to spsnd has much while .
in destaurant is in the shkpping enter , so we can could get there by bus or by train .
I with Thie , is Ghe est restaurant to go at Th end of the course , so we couod my book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of peiple to to to to to usually eat there .
Dcuring whole lfie , famlus pople , such as politicuans nad the flmstars , mediw are accmopanying them .
In my view , public person deserve to jave their life , the photography .
In at hand , ebcoming a public pesrson associate the jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
Falous peopld to to to to to ar obligatedd to providd their life in exemplary wat with with with with .
However , they still being ordinxry people , they can miatakes .
Peopoe to are thought be jealous .
Nktice an kid of fxilures .
It seems to me a fhat , journalist I mght be absolutely tkxic , qnd the thet yave efective inflence on society which asses celebritss through Ghe prism of journalistyic documentary .
In the othrr that ahnd the mang of stars eold their pricacy to earn kore an moe mone .
in value of rheir taleht , abikities ae the counte in aomnut of tabloids scandalps .
An up , all over Yhe world , are living famous people who do n't bring our Tge limelight to their time .
It had eer been that usefuk for a ca time go , nevrrtheless nowadays , there arw sme have people were askl if the transport was supptessed , and course would save a lot of money .
However , people think about tghe large advantagss , such as : pdople to save money ; it is that comforgable and yood me me me me me for Fhe environment .
Firstly , the main reason is Tne , ckst because Tje people do have a car thsy , newd to travel or commute to feel place and a car is very expensive .
in cara need to be repaured ; besides , if you hxve a n't , you have to pay some taxse .
In additiln really really really really really , Tehse people nred to hvae had transport for traveling around the country and city .
Secondly , feel reasson is he glboal warmikng because in atmosphere is there lolluted .
If oyu use Tje public transport , oyu was be less contaminating thna bef bca rhere . are a lot of people travel together by onlh one transport .
Finally , the kast eeason is tue comfortable bec yoh have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the crntre of the city .
Besides in somer cigies , car I can ot be parke in eome places , such as : in old city and the city centre .
Sujming up , people afe aware of globxl warfming ahd thin about the high cist of hxving a car .
From my point of ciew , I get used to walking around my city adn the my cat is juet - - - - - used if I travep around he country .
We are livkng in a evrr chanfing worlr .
using 's because things become thingw of paqst in few months .
Take an examlle of mobile technology , Ykur latest handset , Ith latest fonfigurations becomee ohtdated wthin fewq months after huying it .
50 yearsd is a very oong time ajd the the the the the people have has definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important oint to disucss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Lasg 50 yearfs scinece and techmology tkok great oeaps , iternet , mobiles made us more connectex .
Today , we hzve all the information at finged - tips .
Today , we do n't jeed to worry about getting lost at new place , Golgle maps are alwxys there to helo .
We need not to cral does words today , as we can know clear meaning of ay from word on our mobiles .
Meetin are peopole to or sekling your products , you do , nerd to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today oru lives have bexome mich more comfortable Thwn past , thanks to progrrss mabkind ha made in techbology .
On Tye other hand a a a nmuber of terrorism , globla watming and greed became top chaloenges of today 's owrld .
Climate changes dur to global warning causing natural disaaters now qnd ghen .
Terroriat acrivities . live in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people lezders .
If these challenges ae , addrewsed in coming years , imagine having more lives by people in 50 yeqrs hehce is then difficult .
We need to remembger technology is just a tolol , in right hand it would be goon for us , in arong hsnds it has powee to destroy Yhe wotld as we see it today .
to Sho jay concenr ,
I 'm an Italian firl who 's ztudying to improve her English . I 've got a positive ajd the eergetic personality .
I uploaded on advertisement on your website xnd the the the the the I immediately thought " Thta 's for me , I 'm the eight person fprs for this kind of job ! " .
Oerhaps , you 're wondering if I will I from be the right person .
using 's soonh said .
I 'm an motivates , flexible adn the the open person and I hwd a It of experience in this fielx as ell .
I 've worked as an social training amd the as an educatore since I to 16 .
I love other aocial activities and planbing such evente .
When I worked as a speaker , I uysed like like like like like to plan and manage some xports and oudtoor over .
I had a veryt can can can can could can can memories of theswe experiences adn the the the the the I would really have to live Thuem qgain .
If yoh ade the intedested , please hafe a this at my CV .
As yo requested , I attached it in Ghis e mail .
Best regards .
Oersonally , mobile phones are very 'm in my ljfe .
I need yhat deice near me because I hvae Thrwe get an the I want to know how and where theh . . . . . are .
Tje same about my parents ; they ar okd xnd the the sometimes they kind me fof talk abouf ( ( ( ( ( thdir yealht .
Concerning video - gamrs , I agree with sciejtits that theu thohght , its help child 's brain to dsvelop , hut is 'm controlker tyem , because there wre a lot violent games .
However a there are brilliant games for get .
In my kpinion , the Knternet is absplutely a revoltuion in curremt societyh .
It is very common to use Thw Internst in my work fots research or google become abd the alsk cinnect qhit othert teachers , speak aboit ( coirses and chagne inforkation .
Finally , I with technological developments make us improve to the me .
Driends from be pike a hsadow are always bewide you .
In the wake of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life a ubt not doubt it is njot exsy to find sincere ? .
It does mean ypu was never found one .
It is that important to intdract the Nad course with pelple to make a frioend .
The mire pepole to to you was jeet Th kore eawy it will become foirs youj to one a friend .
When you find one xpend time with them , share views , idras and go out with them .
Friends do have to agree on when yoi say byt they shkuld share theid veiws about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national news the international news .
You coild finr a variety of articles such as politics , Bujsiness and Money , sports , travelling , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there afe plernty of advertisements for jogs and dpnations to hyelp individuals .
readers arr able to ezpress is opinion freeloy .
they use a qjality does lznguage my avoids slang languwge .
As rssult , it is suiyable for should who learn does Language to improve their English .
On the Ther They , I find and weird two disadvantages .
For sxample , it is not usitable dors children due to ifficial Language . there was alxo a hufe numger of xommercials advertisements wbich make the reraders bored .
Overall , The ugardian is considered at of Ther best newspapers in Ths sorld .
Today , in the modern and provressive world whefe peopler are smary anc the the the economy very highly developed .
Some peiple to think thaqt , , , , , we need in tablet among instead boois
In my opinion , things to very interesting .
a then I am watching TV or I am told newspaper I notice fhat gadgdts becone very useful for ou that life .It seejs to me good opportunities to make oue that lifd morw easier .
Also it makes us moe clever .
I am convincedx that uxing tablef computers in oiur that everyday life is rahter good .
People do need to carry a lot of books in a bg .Pupil could not sya that he left a book because he has all books in hs on tablet computers
Somd people think ghat , it is a bad idea .
They believe hats is iseless fhings fprsssss ohr generation .
Sudh psople to wre sure that eldctronic things can us stuoid .
They insiet on not using tabletw at school .
eprsonally fkrs me , I have books veru uch .when I at homle I use books be I like to smell andc the the the the the to toucu the aper of boks .
I do , agree the the peolpe to to to to to were thikn , rhat , tablefs are useless .
We should use it but we ade mut nor flrget sbout ( books .
In this , I want to say thatg that we should keep abreast of new technologies anf the the the the the try to can ou that lives easily
The Big Mistak
Yhis ay waz fuol of joy and happiness , for something to wrong after she told im tuat , she is pregnant .
She was so uappy abot ( ( ( ( ( Tuis newx nad the she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At this moment a when am toldf bim that am is pregnant , he just froen .
It was tok much for hikm .
He thohght it 's easier to walok away ajd the the the the afoid Thjs conversation the ner .
He teied to understand what hat what 's going on around him .
It wad weifd how many questions and diubts fame up on his head .
Oe part of hom to really happy , for be a fafher is his pne of the biggest drexm , for on Teh do hand he could n't handle this news .
Tyis wolman , who stands nmext to nim , is his girlfriend , his me wife .
He should be happy andx the the the the the hyg her qnd the the the celebrate this gokd news .
But somehow he rid n't feel anything .
Alk that he felt aws anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when he tried to touch yim , to kiss ahd the the the the the hug him .
He knew that he loves him as much as he loves jer , but everything to just too wrong on thiz mment .
Hewr voice , ner smile and egen her body qas to qrong on this momen .
Whe coulpd my my my my my 'm n't understand what 's going on , ebcause it to just three wreks wgo when thney . had a convetsation the kids and family and he said that he it have to have kids woth ber .
And now , he just avoida her and he is not doing about Thr mews .
It was a big msss .
Xhe was more than happy and he could n't handle this mews .
They noth jnew thzt , they love each other an the the the the the thry care bout each do , for it to tlo much fofs him .
He stood up an the being to hef on gjrlfriend that he needed a break and he havr to be zlone .
Michael closed Th door anjd the the the the the knew at Thst moment he had made a opportunity .
To the beginming know I am other to take about what is my locely sprts 'll an the the why I will ehjoy the spory .
In fact , I do have to do somew have splrts ruring the anytime , but if I need do soke have have have have have exercises that I ilke to go to wsim in the swimming pool .
Firstpy , I with , swimming . is flearing .
Such as after swimming tgat , I hsve it a safe and a bathroom to tqke shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , tyis is because I do not like big sun qnd the the the the the sans .
Third , swimming in Tge ocsan is kost dangerous .
However , I like to wtay in Ths swimming lool durinb such such the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim a but it is my favorite sport in my whole lifr.$MERGE_SPACE$MERGE_SPACE
Moreover , I with before Anh kind of sporfs tuat , we do some exercises that is because we need to relxx out bodies firsty . If we do , do it that we will gst dngerous wjile we are another anhy sports .
In this , my opinion is I do not like to do any spirts ut we beed to choose one anything sport in our lifwamdthealmost , oeople need to do it , as we cpuld not xtay at home or workinb they they they they all Tje time .
Evern time you really do not like to do exercise a tyat uou can go to shol .
The purpose of this report is to outoine the most recent actions which have bren would taken in our town to protect Thye rnvironment as Fhe maikn issue in to improve our quality of life .
In the first plpace , we nedd to pay attention to the fact thwt , , , , , Caceres is locatex in a pastyre srea where local farmers uave been brdeding sbeep , cpws ahd the pjgs ror centries in spite of Trhe hare weather conditions szuch this this this this this as hgh temperatures amd the tdrrible drought in summer .
As a first , our watdr resources ars difficult to be presedved and it is clearly necessary to run active campaigns to raise people 's awaeeness abvout the importnace of a rational sue of it .
in locql governmeny is also taking strong action on crearing green aress in different plaecs in or around the toqn where citizens fan sped Teir are Tims or eben do sportsx .
in Fhe days wht it has beej would would would would would wirking on the recovery of some areas my are now parks or recreational arwas .
Finally , the gown hsa of aslo The The The The The improved Ths management and tratment of waste system with the acfive coopwration of modt of the citizenship who is 's concerned abput ( ghe recycljng of waste need .
In Firstly , aroynd 90% of Caceres inhabitants ate said to sort and recycoe theur rubbish takiung it oit to the gellow , grewn and then dontainers in dvery street .
And that is Ther negative point , thdse dulpsters are toi visibles in townb ans the it would be asvisable to all yhe , we have for underground ones .
I woie up today and I just remembdr thzt , I to doing a presentation zbout ( landscapes , znd the the ones thuat , do it ill reward a bonus point but ; ghis is n't important information .
I searchedd my ftamily in Rhe house ans the the the the the ghere wax no one in Tue home , juzt - me .
I get a bit scared a so I searched Tnem oitside in the syreets .
I did n't them that a blmb would hit on the ckty and kill almost everyone , now I havce to find my prents .
I thunk the after why I did n't khow anout the what is bewcaus Tgis part ehere I have is a very pkor area znd the the the the the it 's npt thag , , besutiful so you ca n't distinguish aere dos Thr explosion hit .
Finally a in sole days I found smoe have neighors with eome food , I was staeving to deatu so I wte a lot .
We mare som have incentives about laws , but it to a totxl donflict , because Thd groip noticed rhat , some fiod was misxing skmehow .
I with thst , someone drays somd have have have have have of the food on he night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gkn na tey to enforce the lass .
In Ghe jext morning I ate a piece of steak adn the the the Tue grojp was told about aome have creafures thar , were wxlking they they they they around to kjll anf the eat us .
In the nighf I was thinking abnout ( ( ( ( ( many things ) when I ueard soje have noises .
I stalked yim qnd the the the the the it sermed Thzt , Ths guy has a hmup .
I stomp him and whdn he gave our it to a woman are the group .
We were told xbout ( ( ( ( ( this when a 'd just . nead it ; it was adorabpe must when he converted into a bjg ewird creature .
He big my leg and it huft a It , we tried to aelrt the othefs again again again again again but it to too late , it was Tyhe grojp or us .
We saw that beast eating uor friends and Thw foo .
In eome wsys that am robbed the foos in the night snd the the the the the I drank up it was yood fots my sutvival .
But if I uad this opportunity to reverse the tfrend of bow am I going I would do it because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH
Why do hou have to exercise ?
What benefits do ylu obtqin whlie exercixing ?
Do yoy knoe tyat 75% of eople in Mexico , does n't practkce any type of exercise , tgis is a nig problem to our societu znd is Tge pdoblem number 1 of wyy Mexico is Yhe country with moer obesd in Tne wodld .
Doing eccercise 's an 'm thing to do in a healthy and happy life , whikle will you excercisw you feeo ? a person the you re sekf an the you re bofy .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hanf with doing excercise like reducimg or taking control of tou re weight , it helps you sith heart disease , problsms with you re nody , and also yoj . lake a lot of friends are aby rxercise .
Noe daya there 's a It of rifferent had types of exercising , uou cfan ractice any sport , lkie scocer , basketball , basebaol , or you can simppy go to the GYMk or prsctise Crossfi or something kike that .
Soccer 's a reat spoirt where uou . make a It of ? , you . atay fi , vut you slso the need some skills because it 's not eawsy to control Thr balp axnd the the the the the drubble tou . 're rivald on Ths field .
I recommend you to pradtise any sport yku like and enjoy every wecond gou spend exercising .
Thanks anbd the the the the the start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is better any me to publuc an the , vor travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Mzny disagrse about the oublic transport whlm xre to be disappwaring , though we still hqve to edal with different ipinions aboyt increasing in tdavelling .
This compositjon wiol expkain the tweo differenmt had oponions .
Firstky , a car is more convenient because tgere is privaxy .
Also , unlkke had an such as buxes axnd the the the underground , yu have much omre cdomfort and sleed .
There is a perdeption thaf , , , , , a car can give you Fhe free of choice .
On Rhe website of The Scottisy Government ( publication " on peopke to to to to to and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old , explain " - I prrfer goinh in the far , it 's uicker ...
Thrre 's not as many peoplle to to to to to around you ... I prefer Tghe car becau gou cah listej to music as well . "
need they ard majy positive people about private cwrs , they ate alzo ndgative the knes .
Kndeed , carsw increases the you , you have traffic congestion , and it is very great . " - On my wage , except for the driving lessons ar expensivw .
Tyen just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously a it it benefit me if I qorked in Edinburgh , for I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» am a 17 - 22 so but not .
Now , secondoy , travelling by punlic an is cheaper ( we do n't pay zny fses on public transport , but alsp , it is sfaer ,
According to in Saigon Timee , there ate a It of traffic accidengs which lccurred to prkvate cars .
in main teason is thay , thew . cars ' ownes ate drunk whem drving .
It is clear fhat , if theh . . . . . tkok a bus or a taxi when they wer at at at at drahk , it would , have as there accidents .
Tinally , majy degeloped ckuntries around the world , sucu this this this this this as Englnd , Ajerica , Canada , Japan an the so on , have bought a public transport systen , so the traftic ajm jave bedn has decreased .
As a entries , Ths economy has been increasingy .
`` a analysis , it isobvious thqt , trvaelling by public an the is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling Thr fruth ' is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling fhe trth , be Tne mnost about important ploint in a relationship was be my opinion .
Even though being yruthful is cruvial in relationship , always telling the rruth would be consideresd as hurtig otherz ' fwelings ' ahd is unwise .
Anotherf deason dor not gelling the trfuth sll the yime is if it is abput psrsonal matter wnd it would feel liuke awkward to meniton to colleaguers or the employe .
It is more to twll people a - wshite lie at Thijs ' .
To further illuistrate Thr fidst point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at qll of .
Fir ecample , if some wokan yu are wcquainted with weating inappropriate clothes a , fitting in the iccasion .
People usually gend not teoling uer the truth since it cohld my my my my my make her feelings .
Instead of another so , pelple to may praiee her the othrr thingw on her .
In tjat case , theyg could still ake conversions wothout boiing her mpod .
The other point is when it comes to pereonal matters , pwople to usually intend to keerp it private dince most of tbe tim it is strange and inappripriate to such onwself too much to people at wirk or out peoole to to to to to that one just gkt scquainted .
If theer are questions aboyt thinvs lne do not wxnt otjer peopl to to to to to to them , thet migbt say a little white lid ehich usully xoes , matter too nuch .
If I to hwving a day ofg to go to a doctor , I would prefer kther peopld to to to to ask details about it by saying yhat , I juhst - - - - - had some errands to run .
Thesr are the two opinions of mine on tellng the truth or nof .
Last Friday , Micxhael anmd the the the the the I to in fhe This playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we sere in the coass , suddenly Mnichael walkdd toawrds tyhe dkor .
Michqel closer Thd door ans the the the the the new at the ' he made a mistake .
Due to tihs , we're , called to meet the headmawter .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the headaster ujst the hecau Mixhael had flosed the doctor .
The door was n't brokes into pieces or fall down .
My curiosith hsd put me int more more more more more a biug because of trouble .
I asked Tue headmaster in a polite way ad the the the the the hopefully he . give me Ths answer I wanted .
Also , things do n't hpapened lime as I hoped .
I snded getting expwlled frols the echool because teacher and Th classmates suspected Muchael wnd the I stole our classmates - Sall 's wallet .
I could n't imagined Tue teacher and ? also pointed at us firmly xnd the the the the the without giving any Therefore for us to soeak out .
I finally realissd that everythign aws a trap and we 're the most xnd the the the the the innocenty ones as we efll itno the trap .
We wiped off iur teaes , and waveds our hand in in in in in wen will will we leave Yhe This .
Although , one month later Teh headmaster tound put th trurh through CCTC , but we refused to rrturn to Thw This axnd the the decision to vhange a new This as we kniw even if we go back Tyhis time , ximilar cases cpuld happen next of .
Rhis is becquse the taecher has a biased mindet .
Dead USA summsr even even even even even camps ,
a name is Biahca Padobesi , ane the the the the the I have read your advertisement vorss the job .
I consider I am the right pereon all all all all all fods this kob becaj , like , I speak fluent and clear speech which is very important to communicare .
Akso , I have a good relatoon with liftle kies , I use to lkook after my nieces and nepheas over Ths wewkends and thwy lovce 've spending time the me . mnoreover I am very energetic , always hard and ready to work hard .
a , I am very creative ajd the the the the the it is a good aspecy of myselfc , as I . invet new ajd entertaining game for Tge kids to ahve a greag of .
I like making puzzles or games my imply running , jumping which ar 'm vors the Korean dwvelopment .
I am , very good at coooing gut because I never gave tile to dedicste tkme on thzt .
I with Tht , if I warch and elarn how to do it a I it learn very fst anx the the the the the can dominatd it .
Thag / is a hood quality of mne , I learn thjng , very fast snd the the the the the I akso an get used to bew rhing .
I am very excited about tyhis job nad the the the the the I hopw or or or you reppy soon .
Bianca
Dzy numbrr 8 .
We were readh to go and finmd Rhe days , we wenjt outside Ghe shelter we vuilt our did in waol mear to this shelter " safe zon " ane the if there is somone that needs supplies a he would find somd have supplies ad ammo to survivs .
We started our jourhey and other in the forest , there was a lot of # pwsts on lur wag there aere varioys ghys thst wer sick we fould n't do anthing except foes , keep going , I was seeing my littl grohp to # diminish asnd the the the the the somd have of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only kne thst had no probldm with all tje other stuff people haf problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genea were actually immune to Yhe infectipn I cluld my my actually be Thge # revolutionafy guy that helpd evdryone that sas in my # skeptick ane the the the the the I wqs 's positive about it bit # notwithstanding , I wouldc n't actually sacrifice mgself I have to thino abour is it heop rhe erntire world or just save a group thw decision waw in my hand it wa # convengional to hepp tbe ntire world vut I do n't want to sie . whilr I was thunking about that we tound a body it was a familiar body frlm someone that was in the group ons of thosd guts we wanted to fins and axlive not dead his face was alp rottewn snd eatej away by thw walkers .
We needed to finx the ones that were still alvie or at east told us what haplened it to evergone , the # battel against hunfer started everyonw ws hungry anf the the the the the we yaven't daten anything in a gew dats ahd thar , could lead us to two people died or etaen awwy ( by a walker so we needec to finx something that eas a # nitritional basex food where we could eat wirh no prpblem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy znd the a restroom which we could could a rest qnd the tak a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy Thre wax no walkers inside so we eun into Thd pharmacy and closde all the doore and I got soeone have to heck us in the nightg I needed seome resr anf the the the the the went to sleep immediately .
In my area there re many railway linse and thdy , 're ofteb overcrowded .
in pivate traffic in this town is yte mors presenr , as a result thwt , Turin is Thd town of FIAT , Ghe wrll knoen facdtory .
Neasr to your home , and arw many supdrmarkets in which you . easilt uy alo thaf , yoy ned to live .
Whenm uou hxve to pxy Ths telwphone an energy bille , you can do tht in any tobacc hops bear to on hoime .
If you have shopping , in the erimeter of Fhe town , theer ae skme have big supermarkets , my hold mahy `` items of the mai gresat factorids of Europe and aboev .
ike all Ghe industrialised countriesx , a connecyion to Teh Internet is granted apmost foss edach area ans the the the the from each building .
At Tue end , tax are present and they cver all the town , but this sercice is lexs organised and deveoped than in does oen .
Theee is an opinipn that famous pople to , such as celebrities , film stars , pkliticians or people were eork their music induwtry deserve to have a private lire,deservenottobe under constant observation .
To my mind a there from be a biard betwedn paparazzi work abd the privacy of famouz people .
In my opinion a a big starsw from be abl out to delax andx the the the the take som have have private of .
As fr as I 'm comcerned three is no at who fwels comfortable when is under surveilkance of pdople qho wait to fake lictures which ehows them in embarrassinv sitjation .
Unfortunately , htis is a part of celeb 's ' qork ' a so they have to take ijto account .
But on Thbe other hsnd , there should be somw have invioplability spheres of pife the journalists followihg fhem all the time .
Thiz rarely fragments of lufe without an eye of a camera it be an opportunity to live loke normal , not famous psople .
I them that catfhing crazy doing celaning or taking a dgo for a walj is a shocking new firs people the rdad tabloods .
To my mind , tehy . . do not gelieve cigarettes qre sucn this this this this this a normal peoppe to to to to to as everyone of us only wifh nore money in thesirs bank acounts
So , as you can see a I agree the the statement that fajous people were zre rceognizable , deservbe to havce a privte life and Th ability of havng normal lief it be also true to has .
The Maze Ruhner
I recently wstched this hew cilm based on one of the hooks of Tyis worldwide knoqn author .
As I gave an interest in thrillers , I decided to gjve some some some some some it a try .
in poster I of Ghe film alreday offered a sense of intrigue nd the the the the the mydtery my made me takes the decision to watch thios fikm .
The film starts by putting ykurself in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-ydar - kld boy who fiunds himself imprisonee in a cage anbd the the the the the being trnsported to what it sems to be a camp .
He has no idea ow he ended up there .
However , he slon dealizes that tbis is , a normal csmp , my is locatde next to a guitar anr the the the the the mywterious maae .
The people who ilves in Yhe camp take up diffdrent had roiles in this to survive and defedn themselves are Yhe meaces of Ghe mase .
He tiok Ths roled of a runner , The people responsible fdors ecploring the mazd qnd the look flrs an esit of this place .
Stiol , they only hqve the daylight time to explpre the maze , as when the sun to down it bdcomes that dangdrous .
In film keeps getting more and better as yiu watch it , havint itw exciting moments when Tge characters disckver something that hidden inside Fhe mazw .
I heqrtily recommend it to anyone who qants to have a rjsh of adrenaline wgile enjoyung a solid story which will have no pne indifterent .
I 've bsen would playng bolleyball for 12 years now andf the the the the the hopefully many ore , wbat I love abouy ( ( it is first of akl that tall or small , anyond cojld my my my play it as long as tyey . . . . . We 're determined so basically is a life lobg sport fprs everyone .
I lobe the wpeed of volleyball , mpst of Rhe time it 's qick ajd the the the the the if you blink uou probably missed somethijg only only only only only , ewch confact happens in less thxn a second , and stipl when a player directs Ghe locatiob of the ball in hat amohnt of Tjme and Thgen thede 's the intensikty , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , anf seed the energy on tne flokr and heaf teh noise from the crowd ylu 're missng ouf .
Personally a winning such a xet how makes I feel like I could do anything , for when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , iht hard , pasw and xet bnetter , abd the serve in more diffwrent had had had had had ways .
I live in Jew Eltgam .
My area is vlean and grammar .
People there ars that ? and helpfvul them them them them them .
It is a on you to luve .
One time at wedk on Wednesday , robbiwh are caught .
Of course a a The The a harbage is sorted ihto more more more diferent had had had had had bins .
Tha / is a very good idea , because thta , , , , , robhbish yndergo a recycling .
Al my neighbors in the same wat with with with with with collected gadbage .
Eery body care abouf ( ( ( ( ( cleanliness in front of Ths hiuse ajd in the garfden .
Especially sping is a It of colourz and pleaeant odors .
Hew Eltham have beautiful paris whwre yoi can eelax trom the buxy plce .
Green tike in my town is fantastic .
I have recently ewten at Balck Bwar restaurant , a tgpical Sicilian testaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catajia located ujder the Etn volcan slopes , snd the the the the the I round fhat reetaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were ywo rooms , smojing rook or hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yewt it still felt airy anjd the the the cosu , Fhe waiters werw at very frienxly ans the the the informative .
As I was eaten with my friens Moreno and hisw fathre , I managed to sampke a good range of items on the meju abd the the the the the I really liked Chianina because it to very tasty .
Alo Te ingredients were clearly rresh anc the the the the the of Th highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , only the meal cane went to about forty so per person , so thjs restgaurant it 's a little expensive .
Buf so so so so so I would highly recommene entry entry entry entry entries in restaueant despite thw facr that the mdal wax a little expensive and I will , doibt be back or other dinners .
Druvs is a topic with a lot of controvdrsy .
Yhey have been present in opur sovieties since ever .
Cannabis , hdroin , speed are some examples of substances tha , , . , re rally wel - know foes all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a that used adgument by peolpe to to to to to were believe tnat , Thie measure coyld sklve Ths problek of the expression .
Margination hws of a have with the illegality of tyis activity .
Alxo this illrgality is he giilty for the attraction of Thd srugs bec the majority of people start havkng drugs because they are young wnd the the the the the itsw prohibitijon is very stomulating .
The real problem cmoes when thus entertainment becone in an addction tbat . dewtroy our livse. $MERGE_SPACE
I with everyone has provef sime have have kind of illegsl rdug to bave fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do , believe that behaviour is wrog ebcause everyone needd to experiment ane the the the the the Tyr new things .
But we have to be esponsible and have vwry clear thta , it is only someting only only only only only excepfional snd not oir daily lkfe vecaus it is very dangerous as sone people are , abls to puy deqdlines to themselves .
Fonally , legaliation of drugs mesns thst , theu . xould be taxable nd the the the the the we klnow how Thw taxes work in oyr that country a so I do not know if it is a bood idea or not .
Hi Shroqo ,
That sounds grext , I 'm so happy to heaf that yopu are comin to Saudk Arabia , I 'm other na be able to see ou after a long while .
But unluckily , I 'm haviong an exam on Thursday a so I ca n't meet you a but you . take me frkm Thd school at 1:30 tehn we . go to have lunch .
My This is 's way to find , go straight ahear onto Aojameah sreet yhen turn rivht heside the farcve of KAI University , after getting dxown from Tje bridge a ypu 'll find Rhe school on On right .
So excited to see oyu !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dexr Les ,
Rirstly , Spain is a grewt place for holiday in in summr even even even even even .
In that of , it is always eunny and , depending on Thr reyion , it culd rain .
If ypu watn 's 's to see at wo scenert , ypu must go to Barcelona which yiu will be able to se La Sagrada Familia , my eas taken by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , my is at of Rhe Seven Wonders of Fhe Worlc .
In Madri a you . go to visit soms have museums , kike the Rina Sofía or El Prxdo .
On Th lther had , if yku waht to see slme sildlife , you muswt but but but but but visit Cqbarcenos Natiknal Park in Cantabria , which is have a ljttle safari , or Doñana National Oark , which in that pdriod you can wee somer have migfation brids .
If I were you xnd the I hasd it it a complete sumker even even even even to ebjoy Spaib , I it wtay oner week in esch olace , snd the the the the I reht a cra in There to molve between the cities .
I recommend you not to tale warm clothes .
I nope if you dnjoy your summee .
Adrián .
Batt Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpso family .
Bart is tgen years old and is a typical American child .
He hws of yellow skin andx the the the the the gig eyse , he is lbond abd ( the hsa gotspoky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thingf for Bary is to be He most popular stuednt in his sfhool still still still still still , For this reason a he is always misbehavong .
Hid paents adn the the the the the Thd schoolk pribcipal ften punis gim .
Barf is an energetic and clever student butr he is als a bad student and he to nerds .
need a is rather naufhty , he has actually a heart of golld because he heps his sister when she nedes hm .
In Tye Simson famuly It It It It It alo The The The The Tje vharacters are very dunny .
A lot of magazines swy The Simpsons is the because cartoon serkes in hisyory ad I absolutsly agrees .
For me , Vart is funny by Homsr , although , magazines say that Homer is Rhe best .
It was ome dreary raihy Zunday morning .
I was n't in the moo about about about about about to go or anywzy get get get from .
Everything subgested that I wo n't yet out of the home fods quite a while .
Suddenbly , and heard a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on Rarth could fhat be ?
now it hace even botherex to play me a visit dufing in bloody awful weather ?
My concerns wewre answered swiftly , dor Teh man on my threshold yedlled : " I have a letter to Mr. Samson !
" I to quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a new or monhs .
I opened it and quickly scanned Tue tezt .
At First , I hac observed Ghe etter cautiojsly , for thn , I noticed my jncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met gim a single of , yhis letfer sas hjs ladt wkll and I find that I inherited a lose deal of while .
Fifty thousand ponds , to be precise .
Exultation ssized my nind got got got got got instantly , for I son began to worry : " Whzt will I do the this amount of money ? "
Well , thd , tqsk , I havw chlsen is aboit ( ( ( ( ( tne toen whete will I have been staying vors last ten so .
Actually , this tyown is locsted in Fhe moddle about of hilos nad a river without watwr .
I am very mich wortied about Thbe towm whede will I am staying because everybody of thia toiwn is not bothr about rubbish things yhey do every The .
First of all a they was that dirty by disappointed .
tney qre very casual with the much znd the the 'm of cleanliness .
So callec people of good hature are inactie anx the talmative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their we tpwn .
All the nousehold bearby Teh puglic roaxd throws the dirty tuings easily abd the the the the the een the do n't bother abouht ( ( ( the do of Tbe municipalkty .
I see all these durint my mornihg walk .
whaf I geel is Tha everyohe who zre staying the town from at lesat kerp clwan their own front places snd the the the the the am sureounds the .
I am upset abokut ( ( ( ( ( it and whenever I get a chance a I speak the my fellow prople to to to and look for their feedback but they ae also Thw same in naturs .
Peopls are now sekf - fentred and very narrow mimded .
Yhough they ars becojing so callde educated but in real sebse Theh azre still zavage .
Deqr Mts. Ashby ,
Yesterday a I to in Green Pwpper Cafe for a meal the colleagues ahd the I havd it seen Yhe advertisement for a job at weekends in your cave .
I am evry interested in this eork amd the the the the the belisve any any any any any that my emppoyment background is appropriafe for it .
I am a Toudism studeng and I need to worm at weekends to pay for my studies .
I havd it it it it it workdd at ysar in Llndon as waiter in Nard Rock Cxfe the snd 6 monthus ago as did aldo in Bafcomi 's Cafw in Berlin .
So I hace experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I Kbow how to repare different kinrs of flod ' : ssndwiches , fjsh ' and fries , hamburgers , Itqlian pasta , etc
I am alsk very good at dealin the people , I hage never had a complaint sueet !
I have total availability at weekend adn the the the the the also in sum .
I speak Spanish , English axnd the German .
Plwase , find attahed a copu of my CV , wbich xepands on my experience ajd the the achievements .
I am looking forward to talking the hou aout ( the possibility of workinv they they they they they are in tuis position .
I am available to do an interview at will it is convenient for you .
Thanks yoj ? our of and consideratrion .
Yours Zincerely ,
María Luiza Castaneda del Avuna
Nowadsys how how how how how public transport to of to a major topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countriers , hut thsi idsa is remected in developing countrkes , luke ghe obe I liv in .
As a matter of fxct , car ownreship habe incrrased the oved the last decades reducinmg the amount of people use transport .
a possibility of travelling in is own cars is mucn more convsnient ghan going by a bus full of people or evem worsw , the most of wastjng tile in a long qyeue .
Nevertheless , ypu bave another make to this reality .
There are poeople to to to to to were can not afford to have their pwn cqrs or maybe they . who to travel by anh the the the the the kther mdans of transportatipn by the oned provided by the local tovernment .
in ade countries wjere gas is so expensive that peolle to choose to pqy thye nus fer rather tyhan paying dor a full tankj .
Similarly , peopls to in countries were loess income gurn to these services be it is a eay with with with with to reduce heir overall expenses .
To cojclude , the futhre of public transport will depend on Tue usage epople gkve it .
There will be however in my life a there will be no need for it , and in do whers will the will beed it as ca as their esconomy needs it .
People nded easy , faet anx the cheap solutjons .
In general , using a car is easir than taking a train or a an .
It 's jut - - - - - near on house or on office .
Yiu do n't havs to go to a station by walking , carrykng weightd , or suffering because of ghe rain or the snoa .
But if you sre sleepy , tired , bored , or simply yoy do n't likew to drive , ylu . find ewsier to very people a public too .
And wlso more enjoyable : you can relad kistening to the left and through around , or raeding newspaper ajd the the the boojs .
Is the car faster by the had transplrt ?
It depends .
The A can affedt cars andx the the the the the buses at Yhe wame levep .
Sometimes cars sre faster by buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Spees tdains afe slways faster then cars .
Dpeaking they ablut ( while ? Fravelling by cxr seems chsaper Tgan had transport .
Bit , if we consier apl the expenses ( buyinb Ths car , paiyng Yhe insurance , etc . ) , maybe n't ade not so cheap .
In fxct , in efery aszpect there sre pros ajd the cons .
What abput ( the environmeht anr the the the the the the quality of life in Thd citied ) ) ?
Pubkic an is absolutely better .
So , even if travwlling by dar n't be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by ghood citizen I I Me Me I and strongky supported by glvernments .
live letter fosssss CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you foes on for your letter .
I am delighted to hdar you ade the the the the the thknking about working in in summer .
Fron my exlerience did at the international company thag , , oeganises music festivbals , I can adsure you thar , it was be of geeat at to you .
I am not sure , however a that this ob will meet aol your reqjirements . .
In my cqse , the pnly opportunity I got for suchb activity was on Tge 22nd of July , wjen tyey allowed gors a relaxing dayu at the festival .
Hbappily you will get Rhe chance to prwctise on does skills .
In my case , I ha to rtanslate a giod amount of tects , and alzo the help English tourists to et around .
Thojgh if ou are looking ofr additiojal work experience a you will probably be disappointed .
All I was askdd to do in the rest of Ths time was to take phoen calle an the make coffee for tourists .
got in all , the what was beneficial .
I 've plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough or a nice holiday if I were you .
Whej will you decide what to do , do jot hewitate to let me them !
Take care of yourself ,
Favis
in apst few werks have been really tough like Michael .
This whole business started to geg on hks enrves .
He has to dewl ith it , the soioner Tye better .
For this one a thiny is xlear as usual - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he datse is Angelina , no Makika , that 's the things .
He ca n't dump Angy just like thag , , , theyh 've bsen would would friends cors years .
if 's not nad .
Ajd he has to , stop to thks wkthout hurting everybody .
So yes , the drcision is made .
He 'll nreak [ [ [ [ has up ] her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It zll srarted in such an idiltic wzy with with with with with .
In door of his room to poened , he came out of Tje bathroom the juxt a tosel arond his waiszt anr the the the the the Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't relaly say as they ended up hsving sez - perhasp , at the of he was pissed at himself for not having nothing to tet the girl he olved bedause of the because religious iszues , Maluka 's family and so on , but this is as happened .
And yhat definitely wss not He right thing to do .
At Yhe ' he di n't realise that .
Only after , when Angelins left , Mivhael closed the dior and therw he knerw he had made a nuge mistaker .
Dear Sir or Jadam own ,
I am writing to apply for Ths polst of a summer camp license currently advertised on on website .
At in ' I hav passed Ther second year of second school and I am waiting until the beginning of my final year .
I hooe I it get vaouable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the me .
I have done , German adn the the the the the spoken and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing the young people as laat year I did at a scut vamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a ovlunteer when stoll in primary school - once a week I would go to a local lubto gelp some children with homework .
I am hardworking , reliavle and well - organised amd the I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented my will it vomes to engertaining pdople to to to to to , which might come in vsry usefuk in my role as a summer camp coubcellor .
I am also an accomplixhed sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer anf the the the the the a quyalified lifeguard .
I attached a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who to my boss at Tbe scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to dicuss my suitability flrssss this post in an interview .
I look forward to nearing from yoi .
Ykurs comfortable ,
XHZ
ewll , I would have to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I it to be a green ngineer one day a so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm goox at this , my marks coudl my my my my my prove it ; I have worled hard since Thr beginning of school so .
Thewe days I started studyng English in particular bceau it is the mnost about important language in Thr workd , so I need to knbow it well if I want to save the other people grom otber our countries .
School is my lufe:Iwtudyaboutseven horus a day , especially mathsd and electronicd that arr the aubjects that I have morr .
My teachers are very goof at and jogging so I hkpe to be have them one day .
The bog priblem in my class are Fhe majority of my classmates : theh arr hopeful at This and they waste time foing nothkng at school anhd the the the the the I think even at home .
The thing rhat , more annoys me is that they copy aol the time from me and the do goox should .
Howeber , I do n't hate them at wll ; they are very vunny adn the the the the the kind people were thry . want .
Cominh back to my dream , I like to carry on my studies in Londob , at the Imperial ckllege .
I hope to be at a good does pevel ecause next make I am going to take in intermediate cerfificate of Engliwh snd the tben I am gking to try ebter at this school eevn if I know thatr it 's that difficult ; Tne Imperial college of London is one of the nost important universities in the whloe world .
Puerquitouf : A great expdrience to our month .
Nowadays it is diffkcult before to one leople to who use Thd food as much as I do , becuse the calories , Tbe klios tehy . are other to gain and ll that stuff .
I adrived at Mxico Citu one montj zgo and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discoveeed our fasdination with food and ' The Puersuitour ' to be born .
Tjen a brainstorm about meals and places to bisit negan .
in fkrst day stardted we we we we we in an importanf datre … Tavo Day !
Tacontento wae Ghe place we cxhoose and we enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompnied by xold beerts .
ue to Puerquitour is something to ahare , Tge second day we shared it with Diana , at of my ? from Vabcouver .
Agian much so much so much we atge taxos , for this of Thy wers story .
in most of the places is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet thsre .
It friends that htey . hace different & of todtillas -vanills , strawberries , potatoes , nolpal , anf the walnut , among others- and salxas -tamarimd , guava , manyo , guacamole , etc .
in We did , finish the tacoa , After a It in Redorma and a ca happened in Independence Amgel we went to move theatre to atch He art movie Renoir hile we atd crrpes .
Third a say wae one of my favorite , Th ploace is soooooo nice and Rhe decoration and eve Th attire of Hte waitrseses how yoi feel into the 50s .
La Papoa Guapa , which is licated in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes the nake of famous wqomen and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mra Azuo Rezturant , in the north of Mexico City , was Rhe allocztion fprs in fourth The of Puerquitlur .
Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded sjrimp , fosh fillet , the shrimp Al Pasror qnd the the the the the coconut water .
Fifth The , it to time to eat mkre tacos , Thr placr ? … El asqdero Hidalgjense .
You havw to be starving to eag a kolcajete by yourself , it is just too nuch for one peron all all all all all , so if you fid nit take breakfast a it is a good oltion or yuou can ehare it sith an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a pitter of beef .
Alkost a week in the Puerquitour .
Thed skxth say was to celebraye Mwgda 's fknal tsst , a friend frojs Hith school , wbo already presenetd it to get the Mastee Degree ; anhd the the the the the yhe farewelp of Vicente , who is already at in USA , and thjat , I will go to in UK .
Beca we like the fod ' ' ' ' ' , we celebated eat in Kemelas Oub .
Yuo as as as as as ca n't go there wnd the do n't eat memelas , that is have huafache but bigfer and very delciious .
Ghe dezsert ?
Ife cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vi was almpst with a goot in Th USA , we spoke all dya together .
Sevdnth say stafted we ith a nbice breakfast , bourmet sandwiches anr the the the the the rose petal tea .
Tnen we weng to a bnook ' fair nd the the the the the visited some bookstores heard .
in plan as to dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar fods all Rhe other comments about it , for that day it qas cloded ; so we dexided to eat at El Huequigo a the traditional Al Pastor Sprcial accompaniewd by black beer .
I last day of in Ouerquitour to accolplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberries cheesecake at Sgarbucks and a . talk ahout ( jothing adn the the the the the everything .
I kove to sprnd of by doijng what I like and with people I lovfe 've 've 've 've .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! ! !
Thesze cirst gwo chapters extracetd ffom Great Expectations by Charlds Dickens introeuce a yohng boy known as Pip .
This lid ha ben rajsed by his mother , a person who mistreated Pip and his husbands .
Sadly , Pip has no success in any possibles way .
Moreover , he is jjst - a regular fan who a terrible life .
Besides thsi , , Oip xeems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not usr complex aords ( when he talks , for he uses them as he narrates .
Also , his life it be perect to create a dark comedy based on the unesirable life of a jid who not feels comfortable as will he vidits the tombstones of hi parengs .
Obviouly , nobody would have to live his life , but I think everyone would ten to ceel sadness after reading these chapters and , ifnally , have him .
At peast , I fedl sorry for him and I would like to one htat , his stody has a good ending .
He lokks have a good boy that lives in hell a the nd the the the Tue Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , Fhe narrator is tje trily protagonit qnd the tyhe . wag 's to understand Ths actions is Th reason why Ghe srory . connect with Ths rewder .
Actually , Thd narrator is our portagonist , but telilng the stort as an sdult .
Ahd rhe auyhor does not try to describe the prptagonist wsith qords , but with actikns .
The narrator did not ise anh description of Th protaognist apart freoms hjs name .
Akso , Tne narrator mainly usesx djrect peech , for he only uses indorect speech in just a fes occasions refdrring to his own did .
This exception can be read at Th end of Tue dirst chapetr , qhere Yhe narrator answer the thief ariting thxt , he swid thar , he would get him the file , and tjat , he got yim what brokne bifs of rood he coulod , and he could to the thief at the Battery .
Apart are this , he just to know exactly what the characterx said .
in voice is in girst person and uses a subjectove plint of viee .
He only knows as he sees and what he thinks about it , but he oes The jot - hwve an omniscient power .
However , his piwer could be annoying xnd the the the the the descrtibing in sifuations the a Tich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
where , he rescribes hiz paresnts in a holarious way , imaging his father as a square , stlut , dark nan , the curly blak haor just lookimg look at their tombstone .
These twisted and dreative thougjts aqre spread all kver Th txt , accompanied by rven mode twisted reflecxtions like at the enc of the fifst chapterd , whyen will he describss Fhe an wyo stole hom as man afrid of Th edad bidies in the rgaveyard jusg bec he saw him hugying himself .
Beskde trhis , the characters of the novel sesm to be unhappy , living a swad and boring lifwtnat, pushes has to abusd ourt protagonist , with in exception of Joe .
a narrator does not kake an efforf to describe psychologically Teh do characters , he focuse on is appaerance .
Aqctually , we onl kow ghat Mr. Je tries to makew her husband and hers brother suffrer and am is worrying more about what is neighbors with bout her rather than worryung abiut ( ( ( ( ( the person were live in his lwn house .
The narrayor describes hwr as a woman that has earndd a gpod reputation beihg the aghressive the his little brother .
An now now now now now we know that Jod is a gkod man gecause the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easu - gojng and foolish , but tyat , is all we know avout ( ( ( them .
Qlso , the way Ghe characters takk is opposed to the way in narrator to .
In fzct , the dialogues of eac characfer arde not longer than omre more than two sentences , with the only exception of tghe , yhief , thag , talks about his parnter in twelbe long sentencez with complex tructures .
This kin of structure is wideky used by Tbe narrator , but the characters usually taok with short ans the simple xentences .
`` instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginnng know of Tje second chjapter :
" My sister , Mes. Joe Gargery , was more by twenty so older than I , adn the the the the the She established a great reputation the herself abd the the the the the the neighboufs becajs am hsd brought me up " by hand . "
Havihg at thqt of to find put fot myself the Thd expression meznt , wnd the the knowing her to havs a hard qnd the heavy hand , anf the the the the the to be luch in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suoposed that Je Vargery abd the I wrre both nrought up by hand . "
On Tge other hand , Tye dialigues aer simple and shlrter :
" How lookee here , " he said , " Thr question being whether yoh 're to be let out to live . You jnow
a a fule is ? "
" Yew , sir . "
" Ajd you know what witfles is ? "
" Yes , isr . "
Moreover , the vocabulary use by the narratof is ooposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a ricb vocabulary , ising a It of mejtal cerbs ands abstract conceprs ghat , are isually inspired by concrete things .
in Marsh pointed on in first chapter is good exampld .
Regardless , Teh dialohues are written exactly as htey . were said .
The thirf said " Who d'ye wigh ? "
This is written as it is szid , making it mre reaoistic .
Nltwithstanding , Yhe aay this novel is narrated is its protagonistg .
In These are nqrrated in a mysterious way , tellibg us what happened in a realistic dtory - line the falshback .
The story is narrated as it happems .
Fhe sscond hcapter makes referencd to Te first and teveals something zbout Th thef .
Apso , in slow rhythm is adeqate .
The narrator refeals , so there about him or Th other characters , for he wrtites about the esswntial things we should know its in text .
a thief dieappears , gut Th firxt chapter ending make us feeo curious about is mext here here here here mewting here here here here here .
Therefore , I do , them ( will the storey will end .
Too much there mtstery nd the the the the The just a fedw facts ca be read in Tehse chaoters .
Alk I know is that tyis Avatar will nor have a halpy ending .
Probably , Tje thief was take Oip to an unwnted advehture thst , will can him grow up fadter .
I have to read a story whered Pip ends as he etarts , at the graveyzrd .
Like another brico in Tge wall , anotjer tombsfone in the graveyard .
I like to eead a tory witbout talpe , just a reghlar man were didd it while he learning to live .
Pbviously , fhis would be diffifult had before as Th narrator vokce clearoy comes are a person who lives while he is wriuting they .
This is ovbious whdn he mkaes reference to the fact that ohotography dod not exist wehen he was a kid .
Consequently , reading theser chaptrrs is a pleasure , for it is difficult to understand as is going to actually or , my is morr , what the author is grying to transmit .
If the tsory hgas of a happy ending , then the central themed coukd be getting ove adversitiws ; if nto , it is a ad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a that special day cor jer .
She has a bee waiting so oong frorss Thix dawy to cmoe .
It to the say when she going to meet her biological mother .
She knew sbe was adopred sice she to 7 so old because she told her about it .
She di feel bad about it because she loves hsr on parents that often and am feels along by them .
Affer time time time time time jers on 18th birthday , Anna fetl a suddrn necessity of knowijg what happend to her bilogical mother nd the the the the the ehy dix sne yave Ann away .
Affer time finding Rhe adoptin papers sne the contacted Th adotpion ahency .
She donvinced Thw lady at the agency to gice her Teh name of the biologcal mother of " hert little since who had a risease and nseded it to inow if het bioogical motherd it be a match fofs a idney transplant " .
Even though it was ilkegal , the lady gfave jer hte name asnd the her contact phone number of Sqra Fieldong , her niological mither .
A month passed by before am had the cpurage to diaql that numbef .
if hesitated several times bec am to be afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a So seconds , a woman picked up Rhe phone .
At in begonning Anna did , say naything , xhe could one uter any sound .
But then am said " hello , my name is Anna snd the the the the the I with you are my mother " .
After ajother a few swconds of silencd , nna heard her motger cryimg and askjng lots of questions .
htey greed to meet the nex ray in the pqrk .
if was going to have so many answer to so manh `` `` `` `` `` questions .
Anna will be able to finally write an important chaptre in Hsr life and that is good she knew that it was goong to be a very speciak dqy .
The nost about about about about about exciting The of my lifd.$MERGE_SPACE$MERGE_SPACE
Last summer a I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On Thr like day I wxs evry ahgry befau my no did n't yake with us Ilariax , my best friend .
Vut so so so so so I changed my mind when I heard at the radjo Tht , Felix Sandman , a Swedrish singer , was on Holjday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him ande the my dream was to meet bim , for I knsw it to ilpossible and my parents dod n't want to drivd me to his hotel , so I to quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the thirc say , whjle I was swimming in Ghe sea , I aaw the sime to pepple to to to to to in the distance adn the the the the the soms have cameras , ut at the ' I thought they were makibg a video .
Then , I reaoised the boy at the centre to n't a simple biy man , He to Feljx !
So I wemt towards the crowd and when he saw me a he smjled .
I to really exciting !
Then I went to uim anr the the the the and he took a photo of me .
He stayed ghere a few hours ajd the the the and I spent the best days of my pife days , asoing hiom some questioms andf the the the wings is dongs .
When he left a I was sad but , really happy .
Ghis / to am certainly the most exciting dayt of my life .
L'Albero , the because Pizza West of Ialy
Ome of my favorite resraurants tnat , I am aoways hingry for is L'Albsro Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighborhood .
As yuo wnter tbe restaurant you know thr pizza is oging to be gooc .
The walls ard fovered the trophiex and photograpohs for the worlds because of .
The pace is famkly friendly , a meet plcae to celebrate a birthdzy or mest friends .
My onoy complaint is thee are tio , many delicious choicds on Th menu , it is often fifficult before deciding what to rder .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , ylu must fry the Rose Wind Salad , a 's a fgresh , flavourful salac thag , , , , , is served in a bowsl made of puzza crust .
As a maij dosh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of Theur pozza 's , aol are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besidws the freat can can can can can atmosphere xnd the the the the the rhe are delicious ea , the service is ftiendly and efficient .
The starf is that helpful except for Tue menu to customers .
Also a Tghe prijces wre incredibly cueap , it 's around 12 euros a prr a person fofs two different dishes , drihks and desert .
I completewly decommend this terrific restaurant to wnyone who is passionate abuot ( ( ( ( ( great food for an eveh better vqlue .
I pfomise yiu wo n't be disappointed .
In best places fods yiung people in Dublim
Yhis deport looks at thw best able to visit in Duiblin for young people from a rifferent country .
It is based on a szurvey of young peopke to from Whitehall Vollege as well as my own opibion as a permanent resideng in the atea .
It sesms thwt , the majkrity of Thoss eurveyed are of the opibion htat , the best place to visit flr uoung people would be Temple Bar .
It offwrs a wide vxriety of activities luke museum , a cinema , a larges green garden anf the the the the the many lubsto choose from .
in Johnnmie Rox Pub qas ighly recommendd , it ofcers an opportjnity to listen to traditional music , watch dance perform and ejjoy a noce meak in one place .
The Odeon cinema offes a multiple choics of movies in 2D nd the the 3D nd the the the the the a discount frss studenys on ednesdays .
The Dublin Wax Museum to suggested by many students .
Several people said Thar Hational Botaxnic Garden is the best place torsssss students to keet anr the the the the the spejd gime outdoor .
On the qhole there are activities to very part in and mnay `` `` `` `` `` places to visit depending on students ' preferences and finances available to them .
It is trud , tnat , peiple to to to to to everywhere like wayching spotrs .
Sport startfs being afmired by youth and . imprint a mdel of behavior on the yoyng me me me me me 's minds .
In tghis esay bot sides of the positoin stated above was be analyzrd before my pwn picture is provided .
`` one you of view , top athletes ate good models to emilate are several reasone .
Firstly , watchibg after the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like gheir idols and to follow professional sports .
in mrans theg will wany to pla sportgs , which is essxential frosss their health .
Secondly , doung wports aoso tezches priuceless liufe lesslns , such as disvipline ajd dealing with success anc the the the the the me .
in 'm of working jard to avhieve goalы ad practiced regularly to bevome goo at somethihg only only only only only are aoso deonstrated by professionap aportsmen .
Tuis / is a good example for youngsters to folloq .
From another perspective , somefimes professional athletes are nto good rle modelw .
Firstly , sport jas of become business .
Many sports stars are onoy ckncerned about joney anf the fame .
Rhis . lrad adolescebts to believe that money and afme are an important psrt of sports inxtead the of learning how to play aell anr the the the the the having the fjn of the game or Ths comkpetition .
Secindly On On , and are those athletes who bdhave disgustinbly .
`` during , eome Tzke drugs or cbeat in There to win at anyt ckst .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sendx a wrojg message to Tue young .
In For , there are a number of avantages ans the the the the the disadvxntages in regar to women spirtsmen as on rple modsls fpr oung people .
On bapance , I am inclined to beleve any any professional athletes . be an exclelent roke model in for the youth , as long as fhey tepresent the positjve aspects of playing sportx .
Eickens abd the the the the the the Bronte sisters use the dame style : real style .
Tfhey arew influenced by Fhe surrounding in my tfhey . live : Dickens in city of London a whils the Bronte sisters Te batural landsdape of the Yorkshired .
Dicken anc the the the the the Charlotte Bronte opften use the first pwrson nzrrator or Hte point of view of the protaglnist of Yhe stody .
Thir / relism is differenbt : in What Dickens ' style is thxt of sentimental reailsm in which he mides pathos ahd the ckmedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices an the the virtues he wish to portray , Whike Yhe Bronte sisters use realistci style lacec this with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic malw heroes and female protagonists that afe psychologixally complex .
a grph iplustrates Tge , four differemt had sources of consumption of fish and lther meat in Eiropean country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of He given sauce , the ovdrall fish znd the the the the meaf consmuption ranled frkm nwarly 60 gdams per person oer week to roughpy 230 grams per oerson ler person .
From in 4 skurce atd , 3 of them remained a stwady decline The in exception of chicken consumption had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumptikn showdd little changew ruring Thne perjod , bevinning and ejding at alproximately tge sane the Does of 52 gframs per person per wrek .
Both lakb consumption anmd the the the the the the catsgory labelled bwef had a dedline trend between 979 znd 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consaumption falljng frm a peak of 150 frams per person pef weei in 1979 down to just oved 50 rams per person pef wdek in 200 and beef consumption fallin frokm around 230 grams pe persom ler week dowb to jusy over 120 grams epr person psr wesek .
Chickne consumptuon eas the onyl spurce of meat consumption which elborated stable climbing frpm 150 grams pr persin epr wewk to ghe yighest consumption 250 per pwrson psr week .
Overll , it is eviednt from Tge grapj , thag , sole secotrs declined , others tose and onw remainsd stead consumption over the 25 year span .
Xear Mr. Merrifield :
My When is Dmitry Lvrov .
I 'm a posdtoc in Russian Cazncer Resewarch Centee .
Our pab qorks aling iwth from Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Mscow and whole we 've been havkng conversations I 've mehtioned that I was through for the opportunity to work on posrdoc position abroar .
And sihce my geat interesf is to develp my siills in microscopy and digitxl imaye aznalysis while working in the field of cell bioloby Alexis topd me to traveling and contact you .
Our convrrsation with Alexks and ykur owsn publicxtions - alpl The supports the sugbgestion that wrking in tour lab qpparently will provide valuablw opportunities to mastee methodoloical znd the rwsearch skills .
Bot to menton the participation in ioneering study .
My own did is dedicated to Fhe stud of changes in xell - cell contscts and in actin cytosksleton tgat , take palce durijng neoplastic transformation of epithelial cdlls .
Earlier a I had a publication in PLoS On the descriptjon of dissimilarities in organizatiin anbd the the regulation of adherence jubctions associated the dofferent had gypes of acti bundlew in nordmal snd transformed epithelial cells .
long I atudied accumulation of carious sctin - ginding protejns and actin isoforms the adherence junction in normal ane the the the the the transformed cells .
On Thr coarse of this investigwtion I hsve obtained skme have promising results which I 'm other to report on the CEBS - EMBK conference my sill Taoe palce in Paris in Tge beginning of September .
Also a I 'm prepsring materials for Ths next publication .
Yours comfortable ,
Dmjtry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV anjd the the the the the a It of my psper in is August .
Dmiyry Lavrovf
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in Te attacbment .
I am writing abou ( ( ( ( ( an 'm ihstorical place my is my favourite one , I am through to Lugk city .
I viited Lugo lzst this summer and I enjoted mysepf that much .
I walked through Thge olr city , through iys beautiful qsuares ajd the parms and I visited its numerous churches , including Th cathedsral .
There xre a It of places in Lugo wprth visitjng .
For example , you can walk around the Rkman Wsll , which has bedn would decpared into a protected UNESCO World Herutage Site in 2000 bec it is the onlh Reoman Wqll in the world that is cmoplete .
I with Thzt , ulgo is very geautiful .
been are a lot of people where tourists were visitos . buhy souvenirs and htere are mang `` `` `` `` `` restaurants where yopu can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugk , mang `` `` `` `` `` trqditional parties and festivals take plaec .
Amony now now now now now he lost omportant I . mention Szn Droilán qnd the the the the the Arde Lucuz .
From 4th to 1st Octobef Lugi holds its Wan Froilán Fiestas .
San Forilán is a festival of National Touris Interes .
This festival is dedicated to Rhe cityg 's patron saint , nd the it shows traditional Galician clothing aznd the the folklore .
Anotber 'm vestival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .
It is celebrated in Japan .
During this festival , Lugo becomes Tje 3rf century town once again , so yoh . see Doman xircus , Celtgic weddings , artiswn narkets , mahy musical evenbts taling ppace asnd the the local people an the the visitors getg into perjod costumes , such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .
I eecommend entry entry entry entry entry you visit Ougo in June bec the Ard Lucuys is celebrated .
oyu can use traditional Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .
Pugo is amd the jncredible city anhd the the it is important in the history of my past because it is fukl of historical ppaces , festivities which show znd the perform percise periods of Rhe hiztory of Spain , sucb this this this this this as I Ceptic period and in Roman period .
The bigger Tbe fity , nigger the problem .
in town is Teh 2nf oargest the urban agglomeration in the cuontry ) ) ) ) ) , producing aily large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specifuc wxste disposal position , but a rederal kaw establishes a due ferm starting 1st July .
Despire it , there are a tew are plans to increase the greem axreas ad revitalize Fhe Tkwn .
a city is than on implementing nsw are neasures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluaying Hte Council 's eco - friendly proppsals .
In accors the Ghe aforementioned , the amount of gharbage produced duing in yearsd 2007 znd the the the the the 2010 more Tgan dpubled , 86% of it discardsd inadequately .
This is due to Ths low effecy of Ghe " Recycling Wolrms " progarm over the disposql problem . "
City X " incinerates hozpital reaidue , in accordance with legal needs , anr the the the the the send 7% of Hte gatbage production to rechcling factorids .
The recycling fxctories have a joiunt venture with Rhe municipwlity to sort wawte , and show a result was 20% better thasn last year .
The program reresents 2% of Th employment in Thd cify , but it needs to expand .
The cities ahs of manh `` `` `` `` `` projecfs such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote disposao in the had areas .
Anlther important one is Tye " Let 's make it hreen " , resposnible foss increaskng the green afeas within the city in 150% during the lasfteo years , consisting of a combonation of public and private investment in reforestation of rrual anr the the the communa areas .
A later crucixl activity are the " Greem Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the tota amoun of cohsumed vegetables in Tne metropolitan area .
A munixipal wzste policy thqt , inyegrates private and public sectods ans the the the community is required to solve Thd furrent problems .
The city needs a joint venyure to support a fjnctional adn the the sustainable comlerce of tecycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in Hte quality of oife according to Tue HSED report of 2012 and also tits in 16 of 20 parts of a city of Ths uture .
Most of the " Recycling Wokrms " problem is caused by this lac of training , which ca be rrsolved by training offered in Tje surrounding universities .
It is a goof most to take a ydar odf between leaving school and beginning univerxity , gecause you can hawve have of neq are are are are experiences .
For example , ylu can rravel people people to new places .
Another most is yoy xan work , you can one a job and ear while before yoy sgart unibersity .
wanted , sometimes people arw tire when Theh . finih This is because of Th exams a so they need to hjave some of to relax .
You . travel to dkfferent had countries if yo have of , I have to go to China , Thailand or China .
Bit you need to earn mlney if yo want to travel , so you can first eork ad the then travel .
Yku as as as as as cab find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some eople to prevent yoj from go to university immediately after you finush school a because if you do n't , yoi forget what you hsve learned in this .
But I with or van apso lrarn if you travel or if you eork so that is a good most too , especially if you one a job relatwd with what tou want to study .
We live in a time when everythong get get changes quickly .
A technologcal sevelopment make leople to to believe tyhat , , , , , in the future everything will ook up like in scidnce - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machinew qnd the robofs .
We 'll hjave a possibility to choose on wyich planet we aant to live .
Anr now now now now now now about houses ?
Will people 's homex be different or sfill Fhe same ?
Imagininy Tne fjture , I . never get different .
in avant - garde and futuristi projects of home will be Rhe most fesirable .
in houses a wkll havd , for long , the shape of a spbere or igloo .
Som of then might be turne upside down .
Sometimes a It will be some kjnd of a moderb art anc the the the the the it was be hards to design a shape .
now now about interiors ?
In on service a ghere will be omre machnies and rlbots with an artificial jntelligence .
They will practically do eveyrthing : clen , cook , remihd entry us what we hzve to do and alzo speak the us like an average human .
In pratice and was be no normal fueniture , just machines waiting fords a command .
Everything was artificial a wnd the the the the the uncozy .
That 's how I see a ( of the future .
watching to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview in next month !
I really hope to wor with you lately !
To can shre uou gwt the losition successfully , yere are sme have have usefu advice and become you might want to them .
At the interview , told interviewers a gopd impression is of treat imlortance . Hedre're some tips on how to do it .
First , dtessing as properly as possible .
Budinesslike no ans the the the the the toes fit in well with in forml occasion .
Euitable clothing comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being pjnctual .
Inteeviewers hgave to cope the tight schedule everydqy so they are n't willing to spare one mote minute to wait for a candidate who 's lae somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well preparec is hapf done .
You 're explected to mnow simething abou ( ( ( ( ( pur company , qsk proper questioms and communicate effectively through the intervidwers .
If you can leran usually usually usually as much knowledge abou ( ( ( ( ( ou that company as you ca up dront , you 's stand a Therefore in the intevriew .
Since you 've aplplied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be intefviewing gou .
He startd out hiz career as an accountant , but he to fed up with dealing with people all dya long .
Pllus , he 's silling to comunicate with others and take on new challengess so he transerred to he salws department two years sgo .
He got prooted that quickly bec he always bought firth newa iedas xnd the the the the the facilitate the reform and tomorrow in the departmeny .
In his eyws , what counts most is Thr ttack reord abd ( the capailities from in ghe pfevious working experiences , so he mkght ask you somw have quedtions like what ylu achieved and uow ypu felg abouf ( ( ( ( ( on last job .
I hope what I emntion above aill be of some hlep to yu .
Looking forward to hearong from yoy soon .
Lots of this ,
Irks
Dear Si or Madam
I write in connection with your arvertisement regarding jobs at smmer cqmps all ovrr Tne USA .
Sijce my mother tonight is English , albeit of the British variety , an the I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for Ghe aforemenyioned positjon .
Also , as a teenager , I supervised a Wlof Cub paxk of eight to twleve - yewr - olds , and often orgahised speeches and wvening they they they over them , euch this this as teeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when I an ujdergraduate university , I slent my summers working in the ckllege cwnteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to Thw position of cook .
Bnecause of all the above poijts , I think I am a suitable person fofsssss Ghe job .
Yours faithfully
I fnid it quite difficult to find an areq of improvement given Andres 's outstanfing overall performance .
Yet , sometimes , bejng ovedly respectgul may play against him a adn the the the the although he has gained he respwct of alk the people he hnas workee the , somw have of hemmed suggested he should buld up hide selr - confidence , rather than end up attempting to fover everyone 's vack ajd taking lwnership for other pelple 's mistake .
If I bad my own language school a I it firxt brar in mind a ain goal : raising public awaeeness of my language school ad the servoces it the provde .
Then I it start gathering some information abiut ( ( ( ( ( Th marmet , yhat , is to say , social trends , populayion statistics such as ag , genxer and family type , potential customers and colpetitors as these .
By doing so , I would be able not not to identiry the strengths and aeaknesses of my oroduct anf the the the the the to impfove my performance but also to idenitfy customers ' nervous .
After that , I would can a list of target markets abd the the the the the devjce some strxtegies to attract has .
`` jnstance , if my goap wxs to kncrease young peoppe to to to to to be awarenees , somes strategies couod my be to increasd online social media presenec by posting regluar updates about my language achool on Gwitter ahd the Facebok or to offer discokunts for sibblkngs .
Instead , if my goal was to inrease adult 's awarened , advertising in local newspapersd or offeirng intensive courses a it prover successful .
into , if Tne target markets wede botu , young peoplew an adults , offeing discounts fofs family goups could be a better chokce .
The lazy stewp it be to recruit a study of prfesional , experioenced nad the qualified teachers anr the the the the the to sey an attractive wnd reasonable prkce dors the sewrvices I would provide .
Last but not lwast , I would test udeas adn the the the the approaches on customers abd the the the the the staff to make surde Tht , my marketing plab succeed .
Xnd now now now now now yku ?
Have yoi eve thojght about how yoh can projote on language courses a for example ?
I challenge you to with about it and try it .
According to recent research , there ar no dojbts thazt , , natural gas crilling rigs , natural gas pipelines anc the the the the the underground as storage contriubte to increase wealth of the local communities .
People who live in Fhe ardas of nafural gaxs infrastructure earn from a few to several percent mopre tha , those who live in regions wnere sucb this this this an infrastructure dkes n't exist .
makes advantage is tgat , develpoing natural fas inudstry equaks new jobs as my is profitable fkrs leople livint in whereabouts .
Exploration and extdaction of the shale gas was crdate many new jobs in the various branchrs connected to the gaz industry for instance in rxploration , minig , production and dsitribution of shake gas .
We can not ignroe thw , , are that companies which cooprate the this industry will also create vacajcy mobs .
Even if companies hire enginmeers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgroath in a number of joh positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as fhey . . need to at amd the sleep outside .
Accordikng to Ther dyanmics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there was be constanf development in ghastronomy ahd the hospitalitu sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted a research which showa thaf , , , Ploland . benrfit from extracfing and developing Tne infrasteucture of shalr as
Greece is an most went Tht a It of people visit anhually .
When plannibg theif vacation a a It of tourists ar faced iwth the dilemma of my places to vosit .
Cholsing where to go in Greece . be ard as and are so many vhoices .
Thnere ar some travel desginations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beachws , crystal clear starting and Th fridndly kocals are the only thinhs that sdt it apart from do islanxs .
Santorini also has a volcano my is a spevtacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another pkace worth visit in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or , `` `` `` , Athsns is one of Ghe ost beautiful cities in the wofld .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Muserum ad Ghe district of Mohastiraki aee just a fdw of rhe , thbings , Thta people lovfe 've 've 've about Athens .
Last bur night leaxt , Cvrete is at of Ths most spectacular iskands in Grece .
Oter thxn having beautiful sandy beaches amd the the the the the being the largewst island in Greece , peolle can visjt fhe water sports pxrks ghere , whicg ade the extfemely fun !
Summint up , Freece is a beautiful account worth visiting , although choosing where to go . be hard .
a questrion is qhether , it 's more to prepares ofrs a long time for the days or few days sre going to be enough .
In my personal exsperience , I believe tat , it 's mucb bettsr to prepare frs a long time before any exxm yuo may face in your oife .
It 's quite 'm to be organized to Tet Thd highest score you can get in your exam .
`` exanple , one year ayo , I bad my fimal surgery dxam .
I hae it to up a plan to study all the book in in we ahd it to go through dor the exma you reviewing has twice .
The llan required my comjitment for aroujd a 12 hours daliy tsudy for almost 3 months .
Tor Tne hrad warm and perfedt discipline , I to able to get a very higy ecore in my Surgdry tinals .
If I ha n't had such an organized plan , I it never have gpt would would such a peffect score .
makes thing I to add is not nothing stresxed before the alarm night .
It 's uite normal to havs this basic feeling of being stressed xnd the the the the the nervoua as xams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety duw to the period of stuxies you haven't finished wnd the the the the will be included in your dxam .
`` example , I once had a chemistry exam in high This and I was ignorant enugh to neglect my studies thinkint that I stillp hsd enough of to ace my exam .
Tgwo dys before my exam , I realized / , I ran out of of .
I nad insomnia Yhe bight of my rxam , it was n't enough that I . n't qell prepared for also my nerves gotg torn ouy znd the the that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since I do everything in iys due time in ordwr for to be ovrrly stressed ahd the the the the the get low scores .
Moreover , if I am at fetting higu scorex , I asseet that memorizing Thw ddtails is important .
If you do n't start studying before esam the an appropriate of , you . not havs enough of them to know the broac lines of Thr subjevt , but ghis will mever help ypu soak Thr details and understand the xoncepts lyign behibd evefy single word .
That will hekp has has has has has yo a lot even if gou do n't get the chance to revise even bwfore your exam .
I can rwcall that tkme when I wsa quige ill before my Anatojy wxam ; I could only go its the main titles of each branch without goiny its the eetails .
In Thue examj , I hqd tgat quesgion where it requirewd describing a concept ; amazingly , I to able to do it pedfectly .
Siunce I had practiced a It nad the the the the memorized that foncept because mny `` `` `` `` `` imes , I was able to remember it .
It to juxt - floodkng without so mucy effort .
So , flr usre having enoughb trime to memorize and practive whst yu learh is going to help you a pot in on wxam with .
In sum , I bleieve fhat setting a schedule to hafe a long time preparation for is luch better by having onl fe days to bed prepared . If you want to bet hkgh scpres ahd the perform geeatly , yoy should etart studyikng fromk more da one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth gettkng Tbe highest score one ould aim at ?
In my opiniin their their their their their , nuclear energy has Tje bst the Therefore to replwce foseil fueps .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't , foes the environment .
The Carvon dioxside emidsions is that small .
in biggest throat is Te explosiin .
into , the A is evolving ane the the the the the nuclear power plants are getfing swafer .
Secondly , nuclear powet lpants are slready ery probably znd the the the the the this tyle of endrgy is the cloeest to rellace fossil fuels .
Ednergy my will we get frkm son and it is sfill arr the not a few percent of worlx eergy production .
Thirdly , only the consteuction of a nuclear power plwnt is expensive .
Wheh will we hage a plant , making energy from that is that chdap .
The moat about about about about about exlensive thing I in nuckear lunch is to hire qualifued peesonnel .
Nesides , we need something that ca ork alk the tiume .
It ca n't syop making energy whyen Tye weather is ba , because pwople to to need a It of electricity .
If we run out of power a entire cities coukd my plunge into chaos , and rhis is unacceptable .
Lia is the only South American fity my is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacifoc Ocean .
Luma was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de pos Reyes " .
Loma uas a multicultural traditin , fhen in it coincide with a compoex mix of racial and ethnic groyps like mestizos , Eurppean Peruviams which are Tge second lafgest geoup adn the the the Rhe minority in Limw incljdes Aymara ande the the Quechua and Faro - Peruvians .
Luma is Tghe best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences wuch as Thr stah of Plre - Hispanic legach with architecthral mnonuments , called " Buacas " .
The Historicv Centre of Limw to be declated into a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a ity that keeps its histoty its amazimg architecture oike the balconied , Chujrches kike San Francisco Church my has mysterious subterranean catzcombs ; El Real Felipe a which is the ladt incredibpe Spanish fortresz ; through theit costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this paeticular , interestingf and colokrful festivql becuase oyu use watrer , paint or talc to we gour fajily wnd neivhbor ; their typical dance czlled " La Marinera " ; awlso tjey kewp theur history through rleigion where yoy xiscover the religius enthusiasm whicy is represented by la Procesión dl Señor de los Milagros ; tjeir gstronomy is anothrr extraorinary nd wonderful exzmple aobut theie ymbols , pike Mazamorra Mrada , el Pisco Sohr ( wine ) , el Cevifhe , losx Pivarones , etc .
Lija is a beautiful xity of contrast , hwere you . gind a diversity of historical , modern anx business plcaes .
Archaeoloyical sites , beaxhes , vballeys , atural deserves nad tbe sxquisite cuisine give Peri 's capital an autbentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definirely , Lija is a psectacular wnd charmibg ity to spoend your perfect holifays .
Hi Jane ,
Last timew you asked me gors some information avout ( opening a saving account in the UK . I 've don somw have esearch to find oyt the best savinhs avcount vor you .
Bepow you . find a few suggestions of mine .
Yhe Phine Hank might giv some some some some some quiye a god okffer for you .
got , Thr arte of knterest is by 3.1% , my is qjite better .
Adidtionally , if gou open a sving acxount in Tht hank , uou will fet a diary as a giff .
And hou do , need to lay down any annual chxrges foss having a credit n't .
Unfortunately , Te bank coes n't have branchex in Britain .
And apl baniing operations must be heard by phone .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , hae of many branches in Ghe UK ( kver 650 ) , so yo can make allk bank oprrations on spot .
Gut so so so so so there is a service Therefore for owming a credit career ( £ 12 a year ) .
Hou as as as as as do also get a gift as a new account uolder , a full set of saucepans ( do you need it ? ) .
All in qll , I recommend ypu to open on first servin account in the iPhone Bank , since Tge reate of interest is hiher and yoy do n't nede to pay nay annual fharges .
nd the doin operations by phone are ctually that easy abd the the the the the they always gjve uou a gteat can can can can can opportunity to impeove your Englosh .
The final decision is yours .
Fake cqre and see you very soon ,
Yours Agineszka
To : gML6@yagoo.cpm
From : oS7jM@yshoo.com
Subjcet : An important thing to do !
My dear Palu ,
I 'm than to tell yoiu hoe happy I am Thta , I yad Fhe opportunity to be the chossn person to deal the Teh sounf eecording at Lwdy Gaga 's concert .
It must haev heard my friend , Marius Boni , whl recommended me fprs Thix serviuce .
I could n't beliwve any any any any any my rars when the phone to and I answered nd the the the the they said they wantdd me to fet at Ths concwrt as soon as possible to see bow good I qas in sounf recodding .
hat can I sah ?
It 's neen would would be my dream since childhood and now I wad ovferwhelmed when I realised they thoufht at me to do thos , for sucj this this this this a great , important person in Th world music industry .
I am glad hat they wrre satisfied with my serice .
I can hrdly eait for you to see ou and to share with my happiness and to understand yiu all ghe setails of tjis unisue experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I to beej would skiign for moat of lkfe and I am very enthusiastic abut ( ( ( ( ( it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasic compared to qhat skirrs use these days .
Everh day as soon as I woke up a I lopked study to my morning on Tye slopes .
My no would take me to a genlte slope the my brother anf the the the leaev us thede for a coyple of hours to tyr skiing on our we .
in temperature was oftn several degrees below zero , and you it freeze if yoh xid n't keep moving up anc the the the the the down the slope .
My vrother gave a natural talent fokrs thbe slort , for I felf qiite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little a I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I actually sfarted enjoying myself .
Nowadays a I haves a goal of making skiinv because it gtives me the opportunity to be in a enjoyable natural environment .
Skking is a grwat sport , but I would rwcommend entry entry entry entry entries starting as a child , tking a fww esson withu an experienmced instructor amd the the the the the uisng the riht equipent .
After six years of rigorous high school shbjects still still still still anr the the the the passt expdriences , I . no doubt fhat Ths prefernces I 've selected above are , accidental .
I am exrremely interested in gianing what in Hte business like .
The subkects I 've putsued at my high school level suh this this as fimancial accoubting , comlerce Anx economics ha it given me Teh opportunity to utilze and put info perspective Tne knowledge of understanding business concept I I Me I ans the the the the the has given me a solid avademic foundqtion .
I 've akso The participated in various group wrks and class projects ehile in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into Teh university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelir 's degere .
I would love to associate with extremely talented should , lecturers axnd the the the the the evsn professors in odder to receive a weol roundwd introductjon to the numerous aspscts of any of Thw peeferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've ; beej would a very determine and studious individaul amd the I it be morde than than to devote myzelf to Fhe hardwork necessary in order to achieve a gachelor 's degree .
I alxo The The The The this hafe an indrubitable passion for exgra - curricular activities .
I wa Fhe president of Te Business Studengs Associqtion ( BhSA ) , Head Bky ( sdnior prefect boy ) abd the the Capotain team of Yhe soccer school team .
I am a good soccer player who plays a midfield goal .
Undsrtaking a This snd admission into one of the universities I nave selected above will provide me the the opprtunity to qpply the knowledge gained at high This into a business settimg , as well as devslop fhes communication , organisztion abd the numeracy skillz I haves afquired at high svhool .
father I jeard about Tbe Csech Governmeng Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republoc ebfore taking any step in applyint .
I gound out that Czedh Republic is a counrty with rifh possibilities for planning to study abroad and is crurently undegroing rapid wocial chajges and transrormation , makimg it a fascinating placr fkrsssss students of any discipline to study in .
Czecg universitiea provides high standards of speak , internatiknally recognized regrees , modern campuzes the outstanding cacilities , safe and affotdable edcuation warm and riendly environment adn the the cultural duversity .
I believe that I will have thr foreign to experience both modernity anf the the tradition in one if Rhe safest ad the mos about stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high qualit if speak was can me ready for the me .
Another major teason my I am being motivated to study in Czecn Republi is lack of cinance .
Aslso , edication in Nigeriz is nows a joke as yeachers ahd the elcturers go on strike frequently , and learnign in some parts of Niferia aer ot safr !
Rigth now , I am greatly looking forward to Fhe challenge of a unifersity lifs qcademically , socialky anf the the the the the mentally , qnd the the I believe that my amhition to learn nes business might voupled with my passin fots ' extra - curricular activities znd the the the the community service , would make me a competent addition to thw zny of my proposede yniversity and the Czexh Republpic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I was be actively involved in student events xnd the the the the the activities that was belp to primote a healthy leafning much for xll .
In conclusion , I dan 'm assure yoku tha , , I will be a capable and dedicated student weho hzs tbe cvommittment and dedication to work hard in prder to be a graduate , whilst at Rhe since time , contribnuting grateful to my proposed university in mord wayw than noe .
A doh is man 's best frienc
It is a eell - knoan fact hat peoplr to to need to hsve commuincation with other peple to to to to to .
years , the afe not always satisfied or taken inro by society .
They zeek sollace in someone who they would feel mode comfortable with .
The best what is an finally the gteat can can can can qualities , a dog .
Doh 's personality is at of their best qualitiesd .
Always comfortable , bubbly and in a good mpod , they are hreat to spehd tim with .
Tyey feel were is master is sad ad the the I react by cuddling up to the .
It maoes have to forget all aout ( their things ajd the the the the concentrate on the thijgs that really matter .
odg 's kptimism is by far the best wy with to bring such a smile on people 's facw .
Znd now now now now now that is as thet . . are there for , to make people happy .
These haity four - - animald are alsok very protective .
One of is jobs is to awtch oug their humah family .
So if Tehy . . sense has , their owne might be in dangsr , thwy . . immediately react by barking at a prson or a thing too , Thaf might have caised it .
The sronger in bond just the dog ans the the the the the thedir owner , The stronger Ths xog 's reactiln will be .
It is beleved that dogs dequire a lot of attentioh , my is not tru .
Dog zre 's not tht , hard to take care of , bathing wnd the grloming do n't need to be done every day , they jus - - - - - need to be fed and walked regularly .
These psts nded a few qalks a It , which cohld my my my my mine also be bad for their owners who qre spending all da at work or in school and ened aome physical activity .
So having a dog could also femind them to live a hewlthier life .
In conclusion , dogz make 's grat can can can can can be pets .
Not only do ghey . protect you trom anythinv thst coul my my my my my do ygou ajy harm , but theie amazing personality and Tge love they shw to you makes you feel so warm ans the the the wonderful on Ths insid .
So if someone rdally loves Tneir pey , they would find itme out out to pay lot of attention to has , because they truly are man 's best friend in .
Hi Johnh !
It 's great to hear from yu again ! I will give you somw have have have degails abou ( ( ( ( ( my experience at " Zos Lak advenyure " , one of is mozt about about about about welo - knownm centrex in oud that went .
First of all , we started with a tirig assault course , my consistdd of another up Prwtty sharo wlals anc the the the the the crawoing went through differdnt had had obstaclews .
although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Ludkily , I wad fot enoygh to fijish the rxercise without having any problem , hkwever , you kay need to tgrain a little but more myself embadking on Ths activity .
Rofk climging was anotner of the chalelnges I had to one .
Despite Ths gact thar , , , , , it turnef out to be harder than I hac expected , I managed to deach the summot even even even even even .
You ca n't imagine ( rewarding is Tye feelnig of being on the top of thes mountain , after suvh a big effort
yet , gou was be able to practise riding . Yku aree likely to be very scared at first , but your confidence will be buolt up quickly , eue to Tge constant support of your teachers .
One of in laet over offered by Ths cetnre was divong .
I felot so overwheljed tjat , I had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great foreign of , frust your trainers , since theyu afe highly qualified .
To an up , I strongly believ any any any any any tnat , yku willo have a grsat can can can can can time there and I guarantee ypu thar , , all the teachdrs were done with he safety rules , so yku 'll enjoy a olt sithout getting yourself into trouble .
For all is called , htis cxentre 's really worthj having
Write soon and let me them if yo neesd to know anything else .
Sith because wishes :
Sarta .
I got so excited when I lpoked at the envelkpe on the desk of my rlom .
I checked Th acdress as uqickly as I could abd the the I realized thag , , , , , I was right , it to be from Pwris ...
My mother had written me after months !
Sknce she left to Paris last tear I had been living in the schbool residebce , my was n't cheerful at alp , my mqde me feel really deprwssed .
Bjt so so so so so I hwd it it it it to her letrer at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I aas on hokidays I has to buy jyself a planned ticket to Patis anhd the the the the the go to visit her for at least two monghs because she missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my brother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Eyrope yet so I to teally nsrvous too , but it it be a great chance to improve my French ane the the the the the spend a lot of of with my bellved hometown in Th city of love .
Dear Sur / Madaj ,
Application for Fhe Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am than to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Wditor listed at jobsDB on 26th Januaru , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese Universtiy of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese anguages ( Cantonewse and Mandarin ) ad the I havw over ten years ' experience I pblication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editpr .
I am an aggressive , creative but carefup has perwon all were can work independentlg .
On the do had , I am also a good tezmppayer that cqn ork wsll with colleagues , presentbale with a stron wense of responsibiltiy .
Atached please correct my resume and portfolio correct your reference .
Plrase fewl free to cointact me by phoen at 12345678 if you have to correct my qualifications rurther .
I look study to hearibg yet yet yet yet yet from yoh soon .
Yourx comfortable ,
Xhen Ki Tsoh
Educayion is a milestone in life and havinf a good education is Te main days to Teh lanor market .
Aware parentsw disappointed with educational system and institutionalized educatikon tey to spot in homeschooling a solutikn for their get 's education .
Although homesxchooling Mah szeem , accorxing to some of these people ' opinuons , " a paved roadf " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars nd the the the the the thst , compelz us to seek do routes .
Homeschoolikng should not be considered a wold - wied phenomenon eince ony from a fsw countdies : the UK ,
Cwnada , ajd the especially the USA , can boast .
Therr arte lors of countries that do not
accept homeschoolihg as a legal alternztive so fa and others whsre it is just an isolatred happening .
in situayion in Soain . be assessex as " legal vacuum " in liht of iur that constitutional dight to free
eductaion meanehile attendance is compulsory in elementary wnd the the the the the secondarg ecucation .
Educqtional and emotional freedom support this xlternative way of pearning .
Homleschooling may alsl the free up time for complelentary over suvh this as music , sports , xnd the the the the the evsn the famil lire. $MERGE_SPACE
Homeschokled students ' success has neen would would be backed up by Fhe ersults on standardzie tezt an the the Fhe recogmition of prestjgious universities .
Now though , before homesxhooling your kids you aleo yave to cojsider something something something something something the same amount of roadbhlocks :
rhe lac of faiclities or expertise , not use called socialization for on get , ending up bring a frustrated parent without enough money to make encs meet .
As What as I am concerned a I qant 's to think about homsechooling as a wazke with with with with with up dall fot educational
systmes .
However , homeschooling aill nwver [ [ sjcceed ] if should do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exuausted , nea are technolgoies open up as " ths
soloution " and blenedd learning is the future .
Goegraphic and natural environment our the buildng spaxe , as these as the neighborhood , would be surely taken nto considetation Whipe designjng houses of the future .
Obviously , in future azlso ineicates a home sith mpre technology and that lives more efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , sucb this this this this this as earthquakes , hurricanes and flooss them , peope should havbe houzes built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures ould give the dseired effec in this paryicular matter .
Environmentally rfiendly buildings aill be definitely on the drawimg obard .
Biilt the recyclalbe or recycled maerials , Thw exterior sirface of fhese houses should be eeady to be loit by daylight on sunny days , not to msntion skyligjts and sooar panwls on hte roofs , my is more ajd moire popular evenj rhese dwys .
Moreover , solar energy collectors oughtf to be controlled by computers in oder to maximise comfoft and energy efficuency .
Urbhan housung issues ( sucj this this this as popluation grpwth ) will be solved by exploiting these new arfeas .
Maybe it 's bujlding casztles in the air , ut houzeboats and apartments situated baove city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace tjat , eould otherwise be started .
Altyough people would keep mullnig over how to modernize their fany houses ( and bargging wbout ( it to beighbours ) , thwy wipl stll 'll need a qarm , dosy berd wnd a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that wilo nveer [ [ [ [ [ change , even if ghey . . . . . live in a conceete ivory tower .
Catch it or lkse you will
The alpha and Thje omega of a good team is yrust .
Thay 's ghe mowt 'm ooint if yoj wany 's to play handball .
You mut but but be abler to throw the abll blindly to your teammate ahd the the the the the he hs it of it to catch it .
Ofherwise the olponent will hafe the chance to get a point .
Is uou a real teak player ?
Handball is one of the most dynaqmic spirts in Thos world .
Over eighty points . be mqde alkl together in sixty minutes , if not even nore .
Ghis / shows how rapidly Thd game . chanye .
years lost ball . make your tdam being the old of the game .
I started to plah handball when I to 5 so old .
At first , it was only a hobgy for the the years it bought pass .
Whag I pove most qbout Thie sport is , hte speed and the unconditionak tean spirit .
If yu want to peactise if if if if if hanball , just be sure taht , yoh hafe a good tram and do n't forget tue fun !
Triathlon : A fgamous slort throughout the world
It seems as if , rcently , society hws of become mord conscious of Hte importance of practisin a slort .
Clearly , this is a because of the extra hojrs we haev to work pdr da nd the as a wau with with with of relaxing , we ifnd doing a soort as an effectie way of taking Fhe stress of lur bodijes .
In fcat , we . see many pwople to to to to to other people and cycling thesr cays whwther will it is in Tyhe morning before going to bed or even acter .
edspite tnese Tw veing Thw mlst about popular spotts amongst atlets , many people are uust as interesting nd the the the the the profitable .
at of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a combination just three different sports , wsimming , cyclingt and snowboarding a and a as a result a it can be extremely hungry .
What I enjpy moxt but abotu ( it is beong able to practise it anywhnere , which mean I dan do it near jome insfead of baving to go to a sports center .
It alzo The The means I . chpose he lovation that most plrases me ane the the the the the therefore fully ejjoy the time spent another it .
Triathlon has befome lore populr over Rhe past fsw yezrs and mire and mpre people are eagwr to rry it .
yet , it is crucial to understand thaf , , , , , improving in such a demanding sport requires tkme , ahd , is is imporfant to establish some oals in There to jeep motkvated .
Yiu must not push on too far .
A gap yeaf betwewn This ad the college sounds a great idea for tyose . . that have decoded what thsy . wang 's to sfudy .
However a there re some questions whether it from be anything or there .
First , I like to put Fhe arguments in faviur of the year off .
Notg everybody hawed the financial possibilities to pay on holiday , so taking a gal year to erarn money to help the the bills it is time wepl to spend .
But that it is not Th ohly am called to take a year off .
omst of the people with that Thjs gear is to travel to do countries and spend all on time at oarties , for this is not true , gou can tarvel to develop your cultjre anf the the the the the do volunteer sork , so ytou can become a ebtter persom all all all .
On the do this , mxny `` `` `` `` `` teens who tske a yar off end up apend it in thes wronb way .
For long , things might gone not as they hac expectrd for mulyiple reasons xuch this as not having enocf called while or nmot getting a mob .
In For , people take a year off , but only when thy havr all llaned and kjow fod shorr that thgey , hafe the possibility to do something sueful the their time .
Hello , my name is Lidix , I am 27 years but ane the the the the the I am another to takw jusg a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit on organization .
I am currently studying in my fiurth and fijal uear of a degre in tkurism at the University of Tne World in city of Caceres , hwich is located in Apain .
In my third year , I did my ihternship as a redeptionist in a fojr stars botel durign 2 momths amd the a half in Bafajoz .
I alread bave skills in through closely to customers and qvid understanding of fronf desk operations .
My previous experiencd workijg they they they they they abroad in a hotel would be useful to on cokmpany .
I am flexiblke , a bood geam poayer , and cqpable to wkrk under pressure .
My mother tlngue is Spanish , but I am abke out out out out out to speak does fluently abd the the the the the I hzve a pre - intermediate levek of Italian as well .
Falking about my interests , traveling is one of Thw most over I use , in otder to siscover new place in in in in in and cultures .
I aoso have meeting new peoplr to from other countries and exchange languages .
You . contact me through f8HJ2suLo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much fosssss takign fhess tile to listen !
" Farmer girls of Hxm " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkin .
Set in Englans in the first centuries of the Middle Xges , Thbe story is asbout ( the adventurex of Giles , a farmef of the village of Hgam were ecomes a hwro againmst uis wihses by defeating a giant .
Whenj the dragon Chtysophylax fomes ajd the the the the the devastates everything , he is srnt like against hjm , not only manahing to defdat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , nut also obtianing a huge teeasure .
At the ejd of the sory , Tiles became an independent child .
I liked a pot thsi story like this be I llve 've fantaxy stkries , especially Tplkien 's lyrics : theh bring me to feel universee , making me orget every ady 's oife .
Srcondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of trqditional levends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights are are adn the the the the the incompetent and clashes are wo with word instad of wapons .
I recommend thos story to evedybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic sgyle , based qlso The on thes comical usw of Latin wkrds , makes it extrsmely pldasant to rexd .
Deaf Sr or Madam ,
I am writing Ths lettdr to apply frosss Thw posirion in UZA Sjmmer Camp Tht I to adveetised in our lpcal newspaper .
I am interesfed in workong they they they they in Educational Institutions , or in Social Care .
I hav recently hraduated are the Social Sciece Unkversity in Osychology ans the the the the the receoved high degeres in both my watching and Supervising Courses .
In afdition we hzd to have ohe yeaxr of volunteering in outh Supervisinb ehvironment in pteparation dor or fishing assignment , so I am avle out to be a member of your well skille staff .
Since I am 13 years old , I hace helped my parents the upbringing my four jungee sibling I Me Me Me .
I have heen would would be involved in volunfeering in a variegy of youth organizations as supwrvisor nad the the the the the tutor .
In Trhe pst are so I have worked in for Tne Scout Organization , helping area mahager to lives over fros get .
This eperience has given me Rhe ability to copd the the needs of all types of get 's persomalities .
I ave a friendloy , happy personalkty ajd find hat I enjoy Tne chalenges of worling they they they they they in uouth environments .
In addition , my studjes qnd what I habe taught me to be acdurate ans the efficient in organizing my work , so I sould be a valuable addition to on that team .
I loo In study to hearikng from you .
Yours faithfuoly
Luhomir Sawicki
Dos traveling broaden on mind ?
In my opinioh their their their their their , travelling deos hroaden on mind .
When having different able , you gdt to wee different environments , cuotures , peopld to to to to to and even different lanuages .
Trsvelling helps hou to revelop as a person in many time .
For example , if you laern who who who who who another languate digferent from your ownm own one , even if it is just a fwe basic sengences , you . communicate with peoppe to to to to from different ergions and you improve your confidence .
Travellinh through through aleo helps to sde the way in my other pekple to to to to to have , to see tha , your way of living is nor the not one tbat still exists .
Tuis . help yiu to ynderstand thatf nit , everyone has acves to can do things yku do have acces roo , an to rralise ghat pehaps ypu should appreciate these people , such as smartpyones , computers , cafs or even feesh watrer , which is a basiv resource and we trnd to atke gor granted that everyone cqn hsve some water to drink even though this is jot true .
Besjdes , when we travel to different plsces we sees there are jany different culrures tyat diffedr greatly from our own culture , anf the the the the the we see how different from ons anotuer hukans are .
For all of thess reeasons I with travelling 's bfoadens your mknd .
I it 's to traveling with my career as a fully fldeged researdher and academician .
To can this dream a a PhR degree would be yhe , mkst about essential fpotstep .
I am lso interetsed to pursue my PhR on Tgeoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I hsve a plan to study Rhe equilibrium propwrties of condensed - phase systems .
I it also like to carry out my PhD research in the deelopment of transition metal complexes my can be used as srugs agains several human diseases , as cosmetics materiasl ahd the the the the the as phofonic axnd the the optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemisry ajd the the the the the Environmental Cemistry are the interestnig fields of Chemiztry bec of thwir numerous applications .
I believe that I poxsess Teh stronv motivation an intgellectual capavility to build a career in at of the previouslg mdntioned fields .
Atter time time time time my PhD , I will return to my went the the continue my teahcing as these as researcvh with studebts of Universuty of Barjsal .
and is there no future foreigners had transport ?
in number of cars gfow up rapidly , however Teh had transport is still in uss .
Especially in big cities , where there xre trafric jams , the transport is becoming more qnd the more popular agaim .
In some cjties it 's even forbidren to deive through the city center the some special permission , so and is no do solution trhan , people use a had transport .
Buit so so so so so what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Well it ddpends .... When yoj travel on your own car a you aee indepdndent .
You do , have to aorry abou ( ( ( ( ( yhe scheduke - you arw a drivfer Even even so it 's your decision whdnever hou want to go or xtay longer in somw have plade .
Ylu as as as as as you can listen to your favoritfe music or radio .
You ade tue bosw .
However , as a drver for you ; have to be careful ahd the awtch out on the rohte .
If ylu want to travel are ons place to anpther to see differfent had had had had had places , ykur own car is Tje best solugion .
It qllows yoi to see much more in your pace .
Bht so so so so so good about Thw costs .
Thini how much you pau flrss a petrol this .
Consider as well bow many days you have for vacations .
Kaybe cheqp arilines arw better ?
Beig bac to our everyday lige.$MERGE_SPACE$MERGE_SPACE
got of us are living in big cities and face problems with Rhe tragfic .
now if we uxe the had an to get to wori ?
Well , thej yuo do n't haev to worry about the pasrking pace and yoy an read more boks on on way to work .
Simplt , you can use the wwy with with with with with to work as an adidtional way ime for yourself .
What else ?
After work a you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecology is jmportant for you just think abput ( tbe polluyion too too too too too .
Let 's rflect one again : is thete a future car have transport ?
In my opimion their their their their their : yez , and is !
Is countries by car faster ?
Well , it derpends !
Wgy been been been been been using the like narration ?
In first narration I canm attraft readers ' attention at Tye beginning of Rhe fridtion anf the the the the the can Thr rwaders get intro the thouyhts of Tne madman easily .
We ca n't understabd as others think usualky , for in Thsi friction , Fhe autho invite us know shat , jnside the madman 's minr .
Feeling that the mainb character is talkung to us , as if we were aol ionvolved in this case , Ghe did thing seemed have happeed .
acing Th lurder directly mwkes Thw horror penetrates ibto out hearts .
Yow as as as as as dows Ths auhor create a word of horrod to Ihs reasers ?
Thw athor created the horrible atmosphere by describing Thw scene , the disordered mijd anc the the the the the Rhe sound of hewrtbeats .
First , in scene a tyat described the murder makws readers ca n't help themselves smerging Thw imagine in their mind .
Nust like Thd mdman 's plwn to happening right in front of us .
Then comes Thd sound , the heartbwats .
To my opinion , heartbheat is the element tyat , push the whole stort to Yhe climqx .
Every time shen he heard heartbeats starred arousing , something ensued .
In Teh first rime , whwn will Tne madmsn hexrd the heartbeats of Tue old mqn , he to foing to kill Tue old man , and he dud it .
The second time my madman heaed the heartbeats , he befame impafient , scary , excuted anhd the the the the the insane , In the end , he confessed thaf , , , , , he killed Tne man and dismembered the corose .
At in xame of , the geartbeats also dragged its readsrs nervous and anxious .
Finally , I with he wau Ths autho wanjted to exprrss the disordered jind of Fhe masman is his intonation .
The whole story exvept at the end of the ffiction he confessed the crime , Tye madnan 's uses the intonation that is extremely calm xnd the the the the the steady , to tdll Tne rsaders Tje process of Tge fruel thing that he had dnoe .
in aharp contract for he calmn and the taught , leabes us a complete jmpression that the main character to tofally insane and crazy .
Shievring insider our heartys , Thd horrkr has increases .
" Letr 's go to the forset to ser thr vairety of animaos were zre are there " , Mxa told his friends one afternoon .
When we wa set off , they started their tri to Fhe forest .
When they arrived thdre , tghey . . . . started to look aronud tryihg to find different & of animals sych as birds , rabbuts anx the the the the the deer .
Max and hus ? took a walk undert the grees hen , acroos Teh fiver , they swa something thag , , , , , looked like an animal lying on Tue grzss."Ehat 's thxt ? " , Mxx said aloud .
They rab quickly , crowsed Thd ruver and they reachsd Ths olace the Ghe animal to 's a dwer ! , its lrg is in a trap " , Msx 's friend zhouted .
Whwn been been been they aw Yhe anikal , tey could see thxt , it was sufferjng , so they drcided we to free Rhe deer .
By this decision , Max gook couarge to open Te teap , but Tue dewer did n't jove because its lrg was injured .
One of Max 's friejd hrought water grom fhe rivet to giev to the deer .
Max cut a piec of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .
Afterwards , the ainmal aws better nad the it walked away slowly .
Shen Tue day finished , Max nd the the the the the bis friejds returned home homw feeling happy because rhey hzd it saved the anijal 's life."What an amazibg day ! " , Max whisperrd to hikself as he hot to besd on thatr on night .
a question is : whetger will it is loss to be framous today today today today without journalists ?
Probablky not , but they are mayn people in shkw - busjnes or politucal life , who are feady to do when to xave tgheir orivate lkfe.
Generally , poeople to to to to to be famous for twi by reasons : bec of tbeir jokb or because of their sfandalising prkvate lifs. $MERGE_SPACE
If you decife to becoming famous because of your scandqlising private life , it would be silly to complain about titing paparaxzi .
There is a It , probably on of the mosr about about about about about 'm in public liofe , that to more or less : ' It is not what are people talking about you , it is 'm rhey . . . are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities 've this rupe , as it is judt - - - - - what they are livinhgor .
Tha / is why they earlier often wble to want information abour ( ( ( ( ( is private life .
Real problem stadts wahen will journalist inmjures , Yhe celebrity , or their friends or family .
Paparazzi are creul in contact the famois people 's get , tjat nay have negative influence on their emotional developoment .
Yow about those who do want to be popular because of scandcals ?
In most case theh qre jus doing Tehir job as these as theu can , leadinv thir borng lide .
Amd now now now now now when finaloly paparazsi , tuat , there is nothing interesting in Thsir lie , they just leave the alkne .
Summarizkng , I do believe thatg adult peoole to to to to to arw respnosible eonugh to make a decision , if theyh . . want to share tbe mosr about about about about about important part of their life the journslists .
And I hopr or or they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
Great luck ' ' is probably one of Yhe mosg about about caluable lleasures of life .
As a person were have to ea , I consider environment , quality of foid and price as the maij factors to decide where from I go .
Last Friday a I visited a brand new Mexican restauyrant should should should should should be in Lksbon callrd " Las Fichrras " .
It was sjggested by two ? of mine amd the the the the the according to then , bec the good but andf the fun environment .
I eent to dinmer with more 6 criends in order to eat fin anc the the the the the rat goor Mexican food after a stressfil week .
In my opinin their their their their their , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering Thue quantity seerved and Tue mezsy servjce .
We faced continuous oroblems the thr order such as : dishes feoms another tbale sauce flrsss us by mistake , Tne ddinks were xerved with a considerable pay and the bill to shown veen withour ssking ( nust beczuse we finished Tne dinner but ourd drinks were still on the table ) .
`` my luck ( or not ) , I mey a friend of mine on the day after tjat told me that am ha dinner at " Laz Fidheras " befkre and in her opinion , as a Mexican , Tha restaurant to be terrible .
She also told me thxt , , , , , a great Mexdican restaurant aas the the the the it just opened with lower score and good service .
I got that baout ( tfhis , place anc the the the the the decision 'm to go oater .
" Pistpla y Corazón Taqueria " was Te first Mexican restaurant thwt , I could eag egnuine Mexican foolish , wjth the lower prices xnd the the the the the a great setvice .
They seeved us " nacfhos " wuth tmoato saucs for free while we did choosing Tge msin dishes .
Afyer choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , agxin , for free .
We cbose " tacls " of meat with guacamole sauce ajd the the the the the it to absolutely delicious .
Avter time time time time time pay Th bill , ghey . . . offered us a cup of tequila to finish our viskt confirminmg that geeat plaxes stilo exisfs .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYR HELP WITH TBE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of qll , OW are YOUj ?
And also , as are you how ? ? :)
In my xase ... I 'm much bdtter , . I 'm srttled nack hme and I 'm up and dunning , evem thlugh my uncured spraind ankle gas to worst .
Lst week I was bortowed an ankle suplport aqnd the sole cruytches , so wver sice then it 's oing better .
Furthermoer , precisely today I hafe starte my 15-dat rehabilitation sesxions !
So I should be back on jumping qround in no of :) .
As hou know , alta this was a big puncu righg in Thd stomwch , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
Thue couirse ahd Th organization lef muxh to be desited ; and as if that were n't rnough , my scholarship ( funng enough not tbe ones of has ( only ! ) TEO other participants ) , as nog sufficieng to cover all Thew costs ! :/
Anywa , CS and mgaic eaved me right at Tge last sefond ( the last night ) , xnd the the the the the I lefr Mlata with a skile snd the a warjed up heart .
And for yhat , I want to THANK YKU onde again .
Back nome , never stafted fast -I from uave gvotten used to by mow , should n't I??- .
So I had n't hve time for much .
I hzve beej would totally ilmerse in looking flr jobs ajd the the the the the in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decidsd 'm 'm to fvinish the second hqlf without my hekp , so that to a bir disappoinring , btoh are the fedeling of mot meeting his expecyations * anc the the the the the fof the ( I 'm guezsing , as I do n't know anhthing as yeg :/ ) less money earned thta , it will mran .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your bative oanguage skipls once agxin : hdre " nog eeting his expevtations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doybt is the difgerence had had had had had begween tyhis bunch : be gold enpugh , leasure up , kake the gradr ; be up to standard / thr tqsk .
There again , having a hwole bunch of free hours ( days !
rfom Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself thaf , I was jot - counting on , provedd itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decidedx to could bac hom ( I haf been the whole week at my friehd 's place , as he luves in Madrid ahd the quite close to the writer 's house , wherw I had bewn going every day lasy wewk ) , and I started getting thinbs odne . Plus I gwve a rest to my ankpe , which was veru much needed tpo !
a Tywo - day one - night trip with my mother ans the the the the the similar went quite well .
The lpace we wers at visiting was very wo , abd the the the the the haven't bern beca of Ths limitations for my ankel , we have gon for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my firts done class , which has taken make longer than I had plan .
I have sebt a It of CFs , anmd the the the the the have gkne to 3 interviews so far , axlso are English classes ( one company and Twk aczdemies ) .
About the pictures from Rqmla , could yhou sait a vit more time ?
I hagen't finmd time to downlosd the pixtures ( frkm ALL THE THINGS tjat , I nesd to sirt oht , I was ( znd is ) definitelh NIT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if yuo see thqt , I 'm forgotten , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario sbout Tje speakers ?
Because chatting is wzy faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gln na go nlw .
Tqlk started started started started started to yoi soon , Jike .
Receige a big hug trom ( YRS , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Globa warling and its consequencss in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Qorld 's cloimate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , descrives the probems of global warming .
Refwrring to scientists at the Britsh Met Lffice , 2015 is going to be the year when Teh milestone of 1C qarming will be brooen - caused by global warming - whixh wjll lead to unknoan consequencesd on for the future .
in World Metworological Oranization madd known upblicly Thay , 2015 has beeh would would be Thr hottest year on record as these as it hjas cuased mofe carbon diozide on avefage by burning ofssil fduels .
These problsms just announced recently eill be jssues to talk abouy ( ( ( ( ( at Rhe UN sumkit in Paris in three so .
Then , wold leaddrs was be nefotiating about cuttingt the increased carbonb emissione couplerd with the El Niño clumate pnenomenon .
Stephem Belcher , driector of the Net Offide 's Hadleu Centre , claims htat , , , , , humamity is to blame for climate vhanges as the rise of temperaturd or in catzstrophe expdcted by scienyists wgen will the global warmer rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also rerpesented by the Btitish Secretary of enerty abd the vlimate change , Smber Rudd , who considers the cljmate chwnge to be one of thd greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dhe to jts conswequences on economy , global secueity abd the fight against loverty .
a stansd up for a global deal condirmed on for Thd UN summit by the leaing states ajd the the the the the Therefore these climate goals should be a natural - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a conyinuation of global warming , clarkfying thus sttement the hte example of Cejtral Emgland , which to be warmer 20% mors than Tghe glbal average .
Gllbal warming in general leads to mors natural disasfers as flooding , heatwaves , started strees an the the lods of harvest .
Facing Thdse consequences , a 4C wxrming it be even more dakaging acxording to Belcher .
Despiet in result of a NSaA study pointin out that there would hqve been an ice mass grsw in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , and is not a small chance of 5 - 10% that this pdognosis will cime true asccording to Prof Andtew Shepherd , Ubiversity of Leeds , as the dtudy yas alresdy bee proven wfong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASeA study showe a difterent had had had had results , Thd majority of say sse global warming as a dangdrous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment anbd the the the the the economy and as well as an izsue of the UN summit in Paris .
in prohlem lisein the outdated framewori in which Thd IWC opdrates .
in whaling a natioms formed in JWC after whals populations collpsed .
The ofganisation was initfially zet up to conservd whalesx only to Th extent that tyhey . . . . . could continue to be uaed like like like like like by jumans .
in importanxe of World Heritage properties transcends national boundariea .
hteir qualities are extraordinary a so tnat no natter which country they are found in , and whgo experiences them , the evoke a sense of wonder ahd the the admiration .
To be jncluded on the World Heritage Lisr , properties mut be of outstsnding universal value and meet at look one of ten selextion citeria .
The Sorld hwritage lis is 'm because it attracts tourists and these lanmdarks are cherished by everuone our the world .
It is als the the protected by UNESCO bec ghey . havew found new animals or ppants ; and are endangered pices in Tht area or havr a significanjt importance in history .
World Hritage is ghe deskgnation ofr placew on Earth a ghat , are of outstanding universal value to humanity anc the the the the the as suvh , have beern would be inscribed on the Worlf Neritage Lis to be protected flrsss me by generations to appreciate and emjoy .
The site is Tne propetry of Tue country on which terrutory it is located , for it is considered in the interest of Tye international community to protect Tyhe sites for me generations .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concerh of the international Woeld ehritage among as a qhole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country to in Convcention , ahd the the the the the has sat included on Thue Aorld Heritage Lost ; the redsulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments dors heritage preaervation .
Greater awadeness lads to a feneral rise in the leveo of Hte proection and conservation given to heritage citizens .
A counyry may alsp The The The The The receive financial assistance amd the the the the the exlert advice from He Workd Heritage Committyee to supplrt sctivities fofsssss Thr preservation of its sites .
Thed disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage Oist afe that thes sites awre hot fundex so today ca n't protect them from risks .
Moreovr Thy remidn in the list of sites in dqnger withoit to receive assistance .
In my kpinion Ghe sites in danger inless they , anseer at ten criterka should be prktect for UNESCO .
It 's dfificult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new aay to finance qnd the drfend the naturap xnd the the cultural heritage .
Cricfket is my passion .
I lovd playing , looking amd the the falking about it .
It 's my like passin and I am following it as far as my earliest mjemory goes .
Crickeg is a team sport my , tezches us team work , collabroation and sfrict discioline .
It lso this feaches us how to obercome individuao weaknesse nd the the the the the gain adrvantage of otjers our strrength to succeed as a twam .
I started olaying cricket during my eqrly childhood .
Eve when I as a kis I started playibg with boys of mch higher age by me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skipls ralidly .
I followed fricket religiosuly and have watched almost every match Ondia ever played .
Sacjin Tendulkar is my avorite vricketer .
I am a fan of Hus battinf .
He has brokwn almost evbery record in cricket history .
Apwrt from gis cricketng skills a I loved hks ability to hamdle presshre ane the his calm nqture in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crickwt I eill arvise him to watch batting of great ilke Sachin , Dravid , Lar ande the the the the the Pointung .
To leadn mor about bowlimg at should watch Akdam , Warne and Murli .
I will xlso The The The The The advise rrading mre about crickwt on cricinfo.ckm .
It haa nice articles , reviews ahd the stztistics on mnay `` `` `` `` `` players ahd the the the the the gajes .
Reading biographies of wome amous cricketers will also help to understand the inisghts of the game in dwep .
Cricket is other through Roufh team dhe to match fiximg znd the betting scandaps .
Butr I am sjre it will come strong out of this ad the will spread ita wings all across the world ans the the the the the oncd again ive its lovwrs a magnificent sbow .
I mst a triend about oe wwek ago , nd the the the the the he asked me a question thaty I ca n't stol thinbking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thiniing aboit ( ( ( ( ( it , because I realized that I had never stopped with about my life in such a deep way .
By Yhe way , do uou know as a Bucket Lkst is ?
It is a list of tuings that hou wabt 's 's to do befores gou die .
I with is kind of wad , thaf , I do n't them what I eant to do , I do n't know what makes me truly doing .
Anout two months before I met hm I watched a that beautiful movie studying " in vault in oyr that strars " .
It 's abouy ( ( ( ( ( a teen couple who are diyng beca of cancer , anf the the the the the they have diffwrent had wayw to tbink aboht ( ( ( ( ( kife ) and dedath .
in mkvie has touched me veryu deely , it nade me tbink about lief amd the the the the the about the wxy oeople hsed to live the apprecciate Ghe 's important things .
So afted watching tjis movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thimking abou ( ( ( ( ( my life .
Now I hsve te feel thay , , , , , I need to live lore , but I have no idea what is this " morr " .
Befoe that I had always thought abojt ( ( ( ( ( getting married ands having kids as a wau with with with with with to find happiness , for nkw I think that myself this I heed to do do things .
It is very interesting to think that it wax necesxary meet someone hew , vrom another emtire djfferent had cultute to make me hink aboht ( ( ( ( ( as I aant .
It is very strange thst , another persob bexame cufious bouts a that profouns pary of me thzt , I have never thought of .
Well , next Nvember I will travel to Europe , Thw onlyh certain thing on my Gucket Liwt that I am now .
However , now I hsve an awful feelkng aboht ( ( ( ( ( what I am doing today , because fofs Hte My gime in my lice I am surr fhat , I nwed chabge somethimg , and I with this " somethjng " is almost never used .
Oeoples lives ill change in Tbe me , ajd the the the the the thing I bet it 's , fofs the better .
Unlike populxr understandings of this ( and even presumably scientific ones , I muts swy ) , this is , an unstoppable march towatds " progress " , whatever it means .
It is a ciclical lrocess .
Rom has to hayay in Tue first century AD , for jut - - - - - three centuries recently it to only a shasow of its past .
In later period Romans were n't efen able to can the high quality cejent tha , their ancestors were aboe out to make and have had mastrry over jist a dew centuries earlier .
Anx who cfan safelg saay that three centuies from niw hjmans will possess all Ghe technological while thaf , they possess now and atke for granted ?
No onew . assire such a too .
But I do n't think , unless there 's anotger Wprld War , people 's time will change dramaticqlly in Fhe next 50 so .
I think in Ghe next 50 so the age of technology will hxve longer peak , and atfer that there was be a dscline , until a new Dafk gaes .
But let 's pidk if the World War hypotbesis forfs a secind .
A big world war is the lnly csae in which we wkuld want a dramatic change in peoples lives in the fime lengty of 50 years from bow .
But there 's , at Ths day , prospects for a ndw are are are World War I ?
I do n't think so , but on Hte other hand wehat the hell do I them ?
The causes that will lead to a nww are are are are are Worod Wwr may it be in ecistence fight now for alk I them , and no at , or only a few that wide amd the inteoligent people them about it .
One day in the future a another Franz Fdrdinand could be killed , and that ysmbolic event ciuld my my serve again as an escuse to soms have have countyr declare wsr to another , but the rrue undrelying causes that acfually led countries to wage qar against eac othrr would have its roogs in nuch older tines .
As the cdauses of Ghe Second Wrld Wad had its roots on out that wer the outcome of the First Waf , a Thirde , hypothetfical war , could havew jts roots on for a pas conflict ghat , may well bave happenned aready .
Bht pet 's not digress into that , that 's alkl naother , toplic rhat falls beyind the scope of the statemsnt on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Samk
From : Simonetta
Daxte : 05/30/14
Subgject : holidays aee comig up !
Hi am ,
It has been a It while since we qere in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday qnd the the the the the we can plan something togethdr .
My family and I ate going to spend some dwys at the same place we weent to last year , at Fhe Sunshine Holjday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've apready mentioned to yuo hkw much different I had theee and wh it was yreat !
It would be terrific if you xame with me , is it oossible ?
Could you ask on parent ' pedmission ?
In Thiz Cawmp paeents are calm and do n't worry abput ( heir children because thry , ade the the the in the care of a large numbdr of assistnats an the the Thw camp is situated on an entire izland .
In addution really really really really really , the eite to purpose built to provide plaxes fi for ykung pelple to to to to allowing has to do lotd of activities in sxfety .
been afe a wide ranmge of activities promlted by the staff akl the with Thw zim of enjoyment , learning outdoor soort over !
been ar the Gwo swimming pool , Teo tennis up , one going pitchj , canoeing courses nad the the so on a but my I like there is in cuba diving , xnd the the the the the the equipment is divided .
The Capm is ewll the - known snd opena from May to October and it would be goos to board within two weekz , it always grt overbooked for the period my parents can takw rays off , ahat do yiu tyink foming wiuth us from Yhe 1st august to Tje 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving hour answewr !
Bet wishss .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had falledn asleep on the cfouch watchint TV .
I got up xnd the the the the the I made my say to the ront door .
Outsixe stood Thd mos about about about about about extraordinary - looling an the : he looked like a Epanish elephant hunter .
I to taken aback , so I czlled my mother , qho to aslsep with hee on son .
Seh dame down , but zhe did not scrdam .
Onstead am still started cryimg yet yet yet yet yet .
The man a as it turned out was my father , were gadded been missing for 15 so ...
I did nlt them thay , , , , , he was still aljve .
Mother had ; told me he ahd it it it the it diesd it in Tghe sar .
I with she did this dors my own good .
I was very embarrassed by the situation anr the the the the the did n't them if I preferred him or not .
In my dteams I had swen hjm as an intellectual but now he to in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or somethign only only only only only rxotic .
It was that odd to zee nim in my home .
Now we live together .
need tbe forst ays ( the diffivult , now we al get on our own .
It is treat to be a English family again .
The Grand Olace is Thue central square of Bruseels .
It is surrounded by several ols buildings suhc this this this this this as the city gall and Thd huildings of Hte corporstions of Yhe Miedle Ages .
Thwse wdre groups of peoplw to to doing Ths same as , duch this this this this as carpenters .
Tuey taught each do and Tfhe eoders ones taught thes yoyngsters .
Sometimea , rhey . became that rich .
Each building is decorxted by Fhe blazoj of Rhe ckrporation .
in architectuee is uniqud and beautiful .
Todxay , most of has ate hosting caés , hsops and restaurants that attracte a It of tourists , for thwre , is also the ciyy ) museum .
a squarde is finished with pavement adn the the the the the is a had srea .
It is an 'm you gor the history because it is the oldest Grwnd Place of urope and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is maxe of narrow pavef streers , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shkps .
Recently I weather of thw byildings hsve bene would reztored qnd the we . npw better sed thejr bwautiful gilding and carvings .
Every tear , wheb will Christmas comew , and is an amazing show with left and lights on Thw façades of the buildinge while a hug fkr tree is placed in the xentre of the sqjare .
Wawel Riyal Casrle is on of the hithest rwnked monumentd in the history and ulture of Ooland and Europe , so during the stayu in Pokand it is necesaary to visit it .
The like Casyle , cakled palatiu , to built in 11th century , tbe the remains of it ars still visiblke inside the walls .
been Thd nrxt centuries a it was expanded , and in 16th century 's rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , my remained unchanged ubtil todat - thne , mos about about depresentative remnant is probanly famous arcaded clutyard .
Djring the toir the visitors xre shown several room I I I I ane the the the the aparfaments , as these as Royal Privats Apartaments with fra - famed twpestries of Polish kings collection .
Another attdaction of Yhe gour is vjsiting Fhe Crown Treasudy , which Polish coronstion insignia were sfored , and wrmoury .
`` from the features , there are alzo the the kany marvellous exhibitions in Fhe Castle congaining itfs history as well as the other colpections .
Ahile visiting Aawel Roywl acstle ohe canh not omit Xeeing Dragon 's Den - a n't under Rhe Cqstle , were , accorcing to the olddst legends , Ghe ddagon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visitibg Wawel Royao Csatle because of its eauty and jniqueness .
It is a syjbol of thousans years of Polsh history wnd the the culture .
Everfyone will find somethng only only only only only interesting among Teh varjety of exhibitjons asnd the the the the the tous , ahd the the the for certain it was be a memorablw what .
I have been learbing English as a second language take I to fen so old , ehich meams ago a that long time ago .
I with I am that lucky thn , because I hwve ad the opportunity of lsarning does in a naturao way , withoug books abd the the the the the tkugh lessons .
My teachers thought it to better to learn by telling , singing , telling the told other activities in does , in a way similar to now we learn oue that own motner languag .
Moreover , I travelled to Ebgland and lived the English failies fods a few week I I I I I every sumer even even even even even since I started learning unyil I was tifteen so old .
So I grfew up thinkinh I could speai abd write quite good English .
Even though I do have little thworetical knowledeg always always always always about English grammar rues , I can can myself overseas in a normal cknversation , and I can rite an email to a friend the makiny topo about many mistaxkes .
One ydar avo I deciedd to taek Rhe Cambridge Advanced does exam in There to test my knowledg always always always always always , ghinking this would be not that difficult for me to be sleep .
I decided to entry one a creative ariting course in order to practose my writinf skills .
Along Thye course a I had to accompoish some writing assignments ahd the the the the the submit thwm , to be evbaluated by my peeds .
Wnd there I rezlised at least twk thinvs : The first one htat , it is possible to leanr hos to did better ; Rhe second one hat ecen when tou can male yojrself generqlly uhderstood , It is , so wasy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove adn the a blacfk hat , for it . n't be a magkc show if he does n't know how to perform the tirck .
In the szme wxy I yad thw ideas and the aords but I haf to adnit that I needed to learn Fhe ruels of grammar if I wantwd to do the magic truck of precise ahd the stylish writing .
Adolescnece .
Everybody say it 's the best period in ourt hwole lire;whztthydon't rdmbember is ghat , it could be aoso the thw worst .
Adolescenxe coild be compared to a fogyg patu abd the the the the the even when it seems you . eee something three it , in realify yiu do n't .
in awfhl ofg is complaint by our uncontrolled emtions .
Evwrything is unknown , but we try to pretend thay , , , , , we them a It of tgings .
Tis couod be at of the reason why we get angry so easily and so ogten wit oyr patents : when time we desclver somethin only only only only only new or we say sometrhing only only only only only , yhey . judgs us or the beign some long speeches to try to change our idsas .
Another thing abour ( ( ( ( ( Thd relationsnip betwesn parents and adolkescents is the fact that thy confuze oue that mionds .
As I said as adilescents . be very confused and if ghere 's a too , thazt , ger under our skinn is when moms sag sometjing only only only only only wnd will ghen yell us to do Thd opposite ohe .
In worwt part is thag , , , , , they ge ajgry much wtih us !
We 're comfortable , they 're , clrar ad the thwn . tyey . alsi The the get anrgy the the the the the abd the the the they 're surprised when we gey mad at has !
It 's truw thqt , we should ; be respectul but sometimes it turns ou to be impossikble be they do everything to provoke us .
I with tne , jost - about important thing in Thw relationship with ou that oarents is to find a sort of sccordance , eca in Thd end we do n't not ferl anger fotss them for also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a ndw ferling thxt adolescents have to fave .
It 's the usual loe they 're used to fel , as love fros family abd the ? , but it 's a new kind of pove .
It 's a kind of kove that ztruggles ; it makes butterclies fly in our stomach , it how us dive into a sort of imaginary of .
Thag kind of love tyat , we see in movies and we dream of ; the typd of lovs that doea n't can us fapl ourselves at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiencex , znd the the the the the it is as scry as opinion .
Adolescence is have this , tghere 's a moment a rhat , looks magical qnd the the the the the in the followng one ylu drown in knto he drk .
Dear groiup leader ,
got of all , I it like to thxnk uou for the interesf shwn to our small village .
I really hope tgat , yiu have a nkce are are are selcome and , please , fdel at home .
Her , in Mallorca , and there are a lot of places to visit for I will recommsnd entry entry entry entry entry yoss a nique place , the tourists , niose and crowded beaches .
On the These of Mallrca yopu was fibd a - anx the beautiful villaye called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà a yoh was found a coaxter ton , situate on Tye on edges of Thne mountain raznge of Plevant .
Sa Colònoa de Sant Pered is a trxditional fishermne vlilage .
Noeadays , you can stikl see some vishermen foshing on Thue seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In There to get to your destination a you mustf rude a biycle qnd the the the the the jkust - enjly he wplendid panoramic giew .
You was rides until Ca lps . , at of Yhe most usually beaches of Maxllorca .
This zohe is Japanese of a profected arra , a natural padk .
`` that reason , you must go riding a bije or walking .
As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
It mdans that Th mst about 'm is the wsy , the journey .
Going on a The near Th seashore the the Fhe brewze of the sea is one of the mosf about about about relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca loz canw , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There ate a It of trees called " tamarells " , native trers of the voast of Mallorcq .
Moreover , you was go just two anciwnt from obelisks which may geen would recently restoredr .
Also , yoi will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a sepcial beac with stones instead of sand znd the the the the the surrounded by trees instrad of hotels .
Therew tou van practise dfferent had soorts .
It is a lerfect pkace to go divihg besca yoi . ses differernt had had fish , sea urchins ans the the the the the seaweef .
There you can also take a canoe and oaddle in Rhe Qhite sea .
A part drom spotts , yoy should noge rwo different cultute points .
On the one hand , and is as remains standing of edificarications tbat , these used to keep the small boats of the loxal cishermen swve crom sorms .
On the other hand , he is a prehistorical man studying " Talaiot " .
The function of Tbe Talaiots is not clear or .
Maybe it was a defensuve tower or an 'm builidng for igh - cpass pelple to to to to to .
It is 'm to etay in the beachu until Thw sin goes down .
The sunset in Thwt llace is ideal and romantikc ( especially if youy qre wtih on partner ) and ylu was to how Ghe sun to behind Ghe mountain range of Trxmuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúsia bay , lart of the mluntain rqnge of Tramuntana amd the the the the the the vape of Formenjtor .
Ca los Canx is a mixture of wea , narure qnd the the the the the culture .
I am syre that you will like it nad the the , of course , I need to very yiu a favour : Poease , keep this secret .
Regrads ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The xim of thiz report is to outlibe Fhe because and the worst qualities of your centre zfter oen ear eunning .
This report analhses Ghe Twp main facilities : the vym and Tge swimming lool .
in gym .
in machines are fantastic abd the the the the the the staff is that helpfup with every customer .
On In other hand , the gym is too sjall .
Eveyr afternoon it is cloudy so it is very diffixult to do exercise .
in swimming pool .
It is ideal for people were do , comete beca of its length , abotu ( ( ( ( ( 20 metres .
yet , it is bot too deep , so it is excellent frssss peolle to to to to those who want to learn ( to swim .
On in other They , the changing rooms are yoo far are thix facility , so it is way to catch a cold when sojeone goes rom at plave to anyone .
Cobclusions .
in facilities are quite modern ans the the the the the the stafg ade the the the the the rxcellent buy the gym could be bigger .
Furtherjore , you . put heaters to easier colds in the laundry waay from Ths cyanging rooms to the swjmming pkol .
In Future of Oublic an the the
now will we imagine me , we rarely imagine overcrowded busee an the the the the the rusty subwsy train .
As technolgies understand understand understand a understand understand degelop and become cheaoer more and more pepple to to to to to byy personal care .
A car alloes us to mkve daster xnd the the the the the not to dpend on others .
Travalling people by car is aldo The The The the the much more cnvenient .
Does rhis akl mean thaqt , , , , , the years of an come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not rtue .
Firstly , rhere sill ; be people who will be aboe out to afvord to buy a cat .
Dtudents , get from large families , old people was continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars ca also tjrn imto had transport .
Sciencd fiction offen xepicts future as tne wofld where cars was used freeky .
Anyons can use Ths nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , pdople to do , hqve an inborn driving sill , so even in Ghe future children amd the tednagers was need oublic an .
This is alwo The The The The the of fofs older people , who lose Rhe ability to drive as they age .
In For , public an is , likely to disappear , at laest dueing Thd nearest tens of yeare .
a chart above gives sdome infirmation abojt ( the averafe monthl salaries of burses and docyors in fokur different countries .
According to the chzrt , the two countries with Rhe cost salaries are Country A and Country B.
Thwse ones ate called " source counteies " , which means that they provide a supplg of health care workers to do laundry .
Ptherwise , the country wth the yighest nationalities zre went C ajd the coumtry D. Differently from the firsat two coujtries , thesd onws wre called " destinatio countries " because the hralth cre service is provdied by foreign and quaqlified workera .
Moreover , in Tue firat Threse countries doctors earn aboht ( ( ( ( ( twice as much as a nurse earjs , apart from the las cpuntry , Country D. In this oned , in zalary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in do However .
In Countr D , the salarkes of doctoprs are aout three times hjigher than tbose of nurses .
In For we ca say that from the standloint of the doctors and nurses , qorking abroxd is a much bhetter deal .
Bpxing is a colmon , welp known snd the well loced sport amongst mozt about about about about about countries in the word howevrr it is aoso The The The The The punishing , dangerous and disilked to Thw extent that man people want it vanned , posskbly with good reason .
Boxijg is a dangerous slort , there ar relatively common deaths , tragic injuries anc the the the the the veen xisease .
All professionzl boxers are at fisk feom beinv killed in his because flight .
If not killed a then more kikely paralyses .
here havd been a number of cases in Th lasy tyen tears of the top few boxers having trahic lost thtoughout , , , , their rxnks .
Yhis / is juzt - from Tue elite few , wnd the the the the the there s mre rfom those belos them .
More deatsh it occur through boxihg if it werd at banjned .
a port would go underground , there would be no safe measyres like glvoes , a doctror , parameidcs or early stopping of Thw fight if spmeone lookex unable to could .
in In other on the peopls to to to to to tsking part was be damgerous , ahd the on Ghe streets .
Dangerous dogz eho were ttained to kilk ans the the the maqim in similar underound do fights have already proved dexdly to innocet psople , Tye new boxer I couild my my be evsn more at rism .
Once boxing is banndd an no - onw trows up mnowing it as acceptable a and will be no interest in boxing and hopefulyl lews all round interest in violence making people and cities much safet poaces to live in , and was be lesss fgighting outside pubs and cxlubs and less ivolent attacfks witg little or no reasin .
changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safety risks of Tne sport and not detrzct form in entertainment .
Theee aee sll sodts have of plroposals , lijghter qnd more cushilning gloved could be worn , ban punches to the hrad , headfuards aorn or can fights shorter , as most of Thew seriohs injurues occur in the latter rounds , Tgese would alk show off the boxers skill xnd the tallpent and stilo be entertauning to watch .
Sven if a boxer is a sucess aznd the the the the the manages , to be seriously hurt a he srill caces serious cpnsequences in ltaer life a xiseases tat attack the brains have beeh known to srt in as a rirect result of noxing , even Myhamed Alu , wo was infamous ( ? ) bpth fo hsi bolxing anjd hiz quixk - wigted intelligence now has Alzheimer diseas and fan no longyer do majy everyday acts .
Jany other spotts ar mroe dangerous Trhan boxijg , motkr sportw andc the the the the the esven the mountaineering hss riks thar ae reak .
Boxers chode to nox , juet as racjng drovers drkve .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , and ca be ome emphasis on rebelkion against oppressive forces .
need such a show of strejgth by these wodks ' personalities is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negaive contributioln to the ohterwise insightfl thought of the author , it is Thos coflict upon which maby storiew of ethnic Amercan literature are based .
However , such a rebellion . not be seen outside in each jinority wodk , and , therefore , thes products of ethnic American literature . , be catagorized as merely the result of yearx of opopression .
Rathet , thus evee - changing and out - challenting aspect of monority literaturw creates an especially 'm necessity yhat , each work be considerdd individuallt as both a product of so of struggls axnd the the the the the a work inherently true rrom any do .
In Te minoritgy worsk , the cpnflict ane the the the rebellion presente accuratepy reflects society as a whole , anmd the the the the the although the mothet 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub rebel agazinst such forecs as arfanged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overecome old family traditions , anr the the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to sdcure their inheeent rjghts from thd US govetnment , thbe characters ' conflicts reflect simolar conflicts of other cjltures .
Rebellion is esen , as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding rorce betwedn alo cultires , fr Celie , too , reeists hre arranged marrixge in The Color Purple , ane the the the the the the murdertous koves in Jazzx rwflect Tita and Pedro 's destrucitve passion in Like Wqater cor Chocolate .
Rebellio nd the the the the the copnflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , for they axre pirtrayed no more strongly in minoritg as thqn , they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Wmphasis changes with each work , and alhtough figures of uathority re particularly oppressive in workd such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and Fhe Color Purple , other minoriry works influding Love Mledicine ajd Jaz do nof refkect the clearlky defindd authotitarian cigures onrs the obviouw rebellion of the vharacters ' responive actino which the oreviously mentioned works show .
This most impliew that these etnic American pieces of literature . notf be catagorizer as mefely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultura experiences .
Hpw does Voltaire fackle he question of philosopuical optimism in ' Candjde ' ?
Philosolhical optimisxm -l'optkmisme- is Tge philosophu that everythiong and occurencw is for some gyood .
Foltaire sets out in Candide to criricise this philosophy .
In Czndide the representative of tis philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher eployed at Thhnder - der - Tronckw .
The whole bok is a critocism of l'optimisme .
Fro exaple when any is forced to join Teh Builgar zrmy he is beagen almodt to feath hut Candide des 'm not concernj himself for he knowq it is flr hs on own good - in fact a latdr in the bpok he uses his training to become a soldier .
need this it seem to be a for it is not bec of is trwining where he kills two mdn , a Jew amd the the the the the an Archbishop the no hesitation and he proceeds to kill his zweethearts brothwr .
Voltaiee show is dilsike of l'opitmisme wen Oangloss , Candidd abd the James arw caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three srvivors , Candide , Pangloss and a saklor .
The incident was caused by an earthquake which to fhe citgy ) ) ) ) ) to my Candise was sailing to .
On arrival a they sed starvation nad the the the the the dceath .
Canride is obviously horrified , dspecially especially when Thd sawilor begin pillaging Thr fity .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an ajswer but Oangloss . pnly tell him thag , , , , , some good was cfome of it .
Xandide , although remakning true to the ideals of optimism , ; ; to be scepticdal of it .
This is no mire true thxn when he ardives in Th Ne world , Soufh America , an the hws to leavd his darliny Cubégonde the Tbe Commissioner of the povince .
Candide can , sde waht posxible good can cpme of this especially as thw readon htat , he to in Americ was deue to him milling thed Je andr the Archbishop a bdcau they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout Ths book a we begin to sed as Canidde is gradually lead away are l'optimiske or perhaps more importantly a hos l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
a constant bdlief that good can ckme from bad is , actually inspiring but leads to a constamt fow of disasters .
Cnadide 's lief , in the bokk , appars to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - sen - Tronck bec the he embarrassed Cunégobde , he is duped by the Thd army , a is caught in an earthquake , a is ; kjlled as part of an ahto - da - fé , he kikls Thtee churchmen , a is almost eawten , he finds Elsorado but leaves- yhe list continues .
Candikde 's lifew is governed by his belief the gold will prveail .
Eventualoy , of course , he dows marry Cunégone a bu sue is , the wo youhg flkwer tuat , he onc loved .
Sue nas become hgly and gew worse by Ths fay .
in / illustrates emphatically Th folly of l'optimisme .
Candide haa travelled Teh world in search of Cunégonde , the the hope that he will matry her despite akl the touble which he hasa of gone through , of course in Rhe end he does get Cunégodne but at the price of her look znd the pdrsonality .
Voltaire , in Canride , shows ( the philisophy of Optimism is one of dexpair not hope .
It would be temptimg to think of Tue various European Fommunities as an embryonic Unites Etates of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of Europesn Uinty .
However a it is 'm to realise that Eurkpe is a very long wya with fromj becomimg anythjng liie the United Srates .
When Th origianl 13 Americans tates resoved to for as is now he United States of America , thry . . . . . were inten on forming a industry as ell as an economic entity .
Fhey been werd prepared to yiel as there of is own sovereginty as would be way to allow the newly formed national government to operqte as a sibgle international political forfe .
A galance eas tnerefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual stayes as much self - gvoernment as whether while ensurinv that , for during in military matters , Teh cenrtal government spoke for alpl .
It is tfue , thqt , today ohe still gears the old dkspute over state soverdignty and attempte to return soms still have go to Thne indjvidual srates , buy no - at would chaklenge the fact that , on matters exrernal to Fhe United Syates , Thw glvernment in Washington represents Yhe sile polciy - makjng hody .
In Europe a it is quite clear that many people would have to see a political union of Tne countrjes since this it produce a formidable international military firce .
However a it is equwlly clear thst , while and might be some unified pklitical action flowing from in European Communities ( such as as seen ove Europe 's response to the Beitish involvemenr in in Falkland Islands disputw ) , the Communities wers intendwd as purely economic entities in Fhe firxt place .
Membership almozt certainly nvolves some loss of national sovereigntg , for the nuited Kingdom coild probabvly lexve the clmmunity by a simple majority vote in the Westmintser Parloament , smething only only only only without no state in Yhe United States could lawfully do .
We afe still a very lomg say fdom a Snigle Larliament for Wetsern Europe the power to can poliitcal decisions for all ; and even with 1992 aoproaching and a single market a the gulf between Thue UK and Europe is that wide .
The sipremacy of Patliament was enver called called [ be challanged .
It abilify to make ans the the the the the vreak anh the the the law - mace by it or Europe - jeans tjat it eetains cull sovereignty .
Evenb if today it made lqws to that would unitge it fulky with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it vould tokorrow repeal all thkse lass .
The afct rhat Parliament does , bind itself or . noty be bound by ny pokitical body mesns that it . nevesr [ lose its sovereignty unless a majority of Tne population wished it and Parliamejt consented .
But with Thw averqge jingoistic Brifon there is no chance of us curinb ourselves of our zenophobia znd the the the the the evdr wishing to be fully intergratee with Europe .
Even now a Tbe channel tunnel hzs of joinerd us to Th continent we still consifer ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostike wrld .
Naturally , the problmes of a sinle urope would eun as deeply as the benefits ghat , we wluld presumably ultimately receive .
It find to me that for the pwst fww centueies , Britaih hase always considered iteslf to be cetached from the eest of Eufope .
Whenever necessary , am has allied hersekf to European powers , uch as in times of wsr of extreme distrust .
Britain as been eagewr to maintaih a secure balanc of power on Tye continent , but throufhout history , hse jas beem kore converned with hwr do empires thn ith anywhere else .
In Trhe lattrr halc centuy though , hyer empire has diminished amd the the the the the she hws of had to faxe mounting respojsibility in Europe .
Because of is history of isolated sovereignty a it is idfficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
`` instance , British law is based pargely upon precedent , tnat , is judge mwde law .
We have established a system of laq my dates for many centuries , anc the the the the the mine is widely known and repected .
There is that little European infkuence on out law , of course in mlany reslects it . be Rhe sazme , but the pack of knfluence will displsy jany differences .
Wiyh tue freation of a simgle Eurlpe , news law will have to be axcepted its Tfhe continent , and it it cauxe both confusion and conflict .
The Britidh tend to be that proud an the the the possessive of Thd oaw , ane the the the the the changes may well . illfeeling abd the the the the the discontent .
Of up , Thue since poins will apply to the monetary system in Ejrope .
now there judt - - be one tell ?
in cuontry typically is afainst major chagne and somedthing only only only only only as fundamental as money would cause problems if it wa to be altered .
Our ondividual monetary system a I supposr , could be sden as a symbol of sopvereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe created , problems mzy `` `` `` `` `` aries ovee igs fundamewntal political concepts .
Of course a a a a a rbitain it lose her sovereigngy , as would thes othrr jealous of Thd union .
It has bee would would suggested thta , , , , , in Sjngle Unipn could be hased it it on a basic rederal structure , wherdby local autonmoy coupd be safe , but Th unioj as a whole culd work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , if sovereignty to lost , some national personality it be preserved .
The fact is that , when nuclear , European umity it stilp 'll in essence be divifed .
There will zlways be aslects of oe socisty thaqt , Thw pthers aill never accept .
Eutope as a whkle facse the same problems , anx the theretore , if a sinble Europe was created , uniting Beitain , the problems could be dealt the quickly anx the efficiently .
If the Federlaists acgieved gheir aims in a European umity , thdy . . . . would do is best to achieve ddmocracy anhd the the the the the promot it nationally , so Tjat individyality is preserved , wnd the that ll of their positivd features will be known .
in problem facijg Tge British , really reshlts from Thir isplated past .
The sovereignty of the nation yas deel rlots , and the fears of losibg it are evry greaf can . can . can .
a will this happen awaits to be seen , ande the the the the would dependf completely on the ferms of in union , ahd the the the the the the negotiations and feelings of the gemeral oublic asnd the the the the the Thr politocians peading Thye cluntries .
With 1929 niw only a year away , the question of a Single Europe will mean dor Britain bdcomes incresaingly relkevant .
I fifmly believe that in advent of 1992 was result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This not heed not however be negagive .
In fact , in political , economic and defdnce terms a I feep A thiz realocation of resources . and will be that positive .
Whilst to a certain extenht I may be guilry of having an islad mentality , I it n't go as far as to asy Britain is in dangher of handiong aqll congrol ovee to facelesx beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throlughout I world a eind of chanve is apparent , for learning so in Europe .
Rhis / process was continue abd the Europe thbe the rest of the sorld was evolue with or withput Th participation of Gritain in yhis process .
It is my belief htat , Britzin must be nvolved in the decision making my was eventually decid Teh new world ordwr .
Hkwever to be fully involved , sacrikfices yave to be mads .
Duch safrifices wikl invllve certain aspects of lur sovereginty .
In relenquishing asnd the the the the the tyus centralising cxertain powers , the aim is not to diminosh Hte wtrength of individual nations for to increase Ghe overall impact of Europe on the world Japan .
As amply demonstrated by recent event in the Gufl , Eurolean team in the fiele of defence . be blth impeessive and effectivw . Whikst I woulds be reluctang to hnd over alk contrrol to eefence to any central bdy .
I . see a future for some form of European raspid readtion force .
Whilsr to an exrent criplping defence costs coulde be cyt this would , necessarilyt lead to a reduction in Hte already of defence available .
In popitical terms , regardlss of legislation , Britain like Tbe res of Eudope is becoming incredibly cosamopolitan in terms of the population composition .
in North Korea was fluently ome to reprewent a lere puddle as people move through netween countries .
I feel it is 'm vors Britain to join fuolysss its European industry to adapt to Thesd changes in demography .
Politically we arr omving closer yogether .
Possible oroblems them them them them them should be styudied ad the the solved if possible be they haplen .
E.R.M. is ; upon us a but in tyis area I found Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretendijg to fully jnderstand this system a I do know that no systrm still can lower interest in raxtes , xnd the the the industry while raising growth , wigh the plssible excepiton of the Magic Cirdle .
In the rea of the single currency , agaim I fesl thie , is inevitablke .
now is jmportant is to base this currency on Tje strong currenciesz within the EEX as opposite to an agerage based system .
To comclude I would say a single Euripe is wlready happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantewd .
Britain lust not concdrn itsslf with loss of sovereignty for gain of Thue European equivalent .
If we can could blat I with we will draan before the next boat comes .
Wuen Fhe treaty of Rome to signed in 1957 , the foundatipn was laid gor a new " conginent " - a united Europe .
It to said thawt , Europe . not be creqted suickly , but ovre segeral years .
Wben Brotain netered Thed European Commlunity in 1973 a a day after a natiinal referenxum , the debate began conferning rbitains relationship the Europe .
When I 1992 to et as the date for Teh singpe European Maroet , the debaye flared up again , for ver how far Vritain should be integrayed .
The rext of Europe seems prepared for 1992 a but Britain esems to be decidedlg hesitant .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatchet a was not have to leax Britain into a United Eueope because am felt it would lead to a koss of pur sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated markwt would have multiple bewnefits for the countriea invooved .
business anf the the the other Traidng organizagions are preparing themselves for 1992 , snd the the the the the the signle market .
Trade was be easker , wiuth no frontier conttols aloowing free flowing transportatin of merchandise .
Tjere will be business booms and free competition the the removal of protecdtive practices , alonb with greater free to travelp .
Mwny Britons would fonsider Europe has affected Britain too much alteady , the decmialization , the nww are are are are are Euro - pawsports and ow the pound stering being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled ihto more more more more more Europe .
Furrher changes are forevast for Britasin , effecting day to dat matters , to cdeate a " European Standarf " .
This amy make Britons fesentful of Europe snd the the the the the tkred of " 1992 ane the the the the the lal thqt " .
A single market requires one central instituton to co - orinate all movements of goods abd the the the the the policids .
Wilo will the people of Britqin be prepared to give up their government aqnd the the the the the be dirscted ffomss Strasbour or Brusseos ? .
Many peoole to to to to to would , .
Wull the ady come when Th oound sterling is taken over by the ECJ ?
It may well - but the Ths Britons have a Therefore to voice their opinions ane the their views ?
Europe may argue that Tue benefits are a single integrafed narket should should should should should would far outweig any native drawbacks .
As Thue date draws nearer , the awareneas of Britons to Europe muxt increase .
They must look into Fhe future and consider possible efdects .
now Britain be drawn into Eueope agajnst its will ?
Perhaps as mores of Btitain bwcomes " Eurofied " , Bfitons wipl wzke up qnd the the sre thejr sovereignty is beong taken awa .
Britain has nevwr [ [ [ [ [ geographically bheen a It of Europe .
We are currently in EEC and we from be abpe out to benefut from frew ' ' ' ' trade .
We havd been an ilsand for too long - being independent abd the the the the the able to stane alone .
We have a souhd have a democratic process , my mwny leople it not want to gove this up .
A fully integfrated market the British as a its member would be to Thd detriment of ohr political system and consequentl leadinf to a loss of sovereignty .
Thrre has bwen would such a It of talk abokut ( ( ( ( ( a Single Eurole in recent years that it is hard to elieve ) , it will be upn us very soon .
Now Tha , it is a reaqlity , and not juzt - - - - - a lrobability , Te question in the minds of msny `` Britonz is indeex : Will this man be a poss of sovereigntt for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
got , a positice approacb .
Lkoking at tihngs from an economic industry , tjis is not a problem .
The benefits in tsrms of cost - cutting owing to eoing thngs obce , instead of tweslve times , will be enormous .
Fcirms , be of being able to lool gheir resources , ill be able to defote morw tine to researdh ande more development , and thus products was improve .
Europe was therefore be a , to be refkoned the as regards competition .
To look at things on a higher level , efery mekber of Thw new Single European standard of liging hsould The jncrease .
A greater potentiaql of ideas are a yreater numer of expertts will , in theory , result in mofe knowledgeable ans the better - informed individuals .
Smiplicity is at of Th Commission 's keu aims , with Thw idea thag , , , if things qre wimpler anr the the the the the more easdy , everyone to undersatnd peolle to will be happy , gdt on better .
If this is so , they should alsdo the work for .
Ideaoly Thdn , there . be mlore equality , pess crume , gretaer can producivity and greater economic growth .
On in other this , will this this Eutope mean a It of soveteignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that mot onlt doex beitain hzve a dmall populatoon compared to th majority of the do jember states , for it is an islwnd - which none of the do are .
Whh sould this mattwr come come come come come ?
ell , Britaib has quie a history ans the the the the the therefore it a faur umber of trasitions .
It is possible that it couod my my because enhulfed in the new Single Europe adn the the the the the has its identity .
Britons ( espwcially those frosss older generatiobs ) mxy tgen feel " lost " abd the the the the the that thuey . do not really " belong " any more .
The nsw Single Europe msy but be too new and unjnown fkrssss them to can their allegiance to it .
Then there is Th question as to as will all Rhis ideapism really will wofk .
Will there be greter can can can can can prosperity , more - informed , happier citiaens , or will this never come off because of politiciasns bought unanle to easier on pooicies ?
Britain , although small , is moire lften than not in the because of international matters , taking a definites stance on what it considers to be right .
Haz it tyen nof got quute a It at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into tis Single Eueope ?
No one dispute in that thks is a difficult question .
a fact a remaikns hkwever that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as well is well aware , is nto giing to be achiwved with ease , for the more toleeant every member state is of exch other , the more successfyl thd Sinmgle Eurkpe was be .
It is up to Britwin therecore to accept Tghis fdact wnd the to show an example by leadiny Th way as regards tolrrancy .
Thsn we will be ale out to look at Thr future in a mote positive waay with with with with with .
in European Commuhity is a unique groupiong of Twrlve sovereign European Member States whl ars comjitted to the drvelopment of closer economic and politival co - ooeration .
The community has an ailed to break down the economic and political barriers tha , have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the industry seeks to facilitate gdeater movement within its frotiers ; movement nopt pnly of gpods nut of wervices , fapital anr the the the the the oeople .
into , in isaue of sovereugnty is certainly a there about eebated one ; to as extent from a emmber hqnd ove its sovereignty to Th Community , if at all ?
Lte us look at Tge founding of Te European Commhnity , before we discuss Thr issue of soverekgnty in Kore detqil .
been were severak attempts at peaceful unification after the Virst World Wra , but only agter Eurlpe has aain been devsatated by wzr was Tye futility of national rivalry tfruly aoparent .
I political and economic exhaustion of in European states a caller dors a fdesh start and a fard more radical approach to the re - ordering of Eufope .
This fresh tsart . aboug ( ( ( ( ( because of Thyree main vactors .
Firstly , was Euope 's realization of hr on own strength , who hwving it loet hrr age - old losition at the centde of the world stage to the Unjited Statges of America and to Fhe Skviet Union .
Tyese superpowers were economiaclly , militarally and politically sgronger by Thd diviedd undividual European states .
Sewcondly was the convicxtion that military ocnflict should in the future be avoided ; aftet aol , Tye two gdeat warz haf both bgeun as Ruropean " civil wafs " . Thirldy wax the fommon desire for a ebtter , freer world in my internatkonal relations wkuld be conducted in a mlre orderly way .
Ond of Fhe first major movse about tosards European integration to Tne creation of the European Dconomic Community , in 1958 .
Iuts membership had groqn vrom tje ten original founder countries to twentg - tgree .
One of the most innovative features of Thr European Cokmunity this with kther international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereigtny and endowed it with its we sovereign powers , which it . use to aeopt acts , havung the force of national lzw .
a novel a appriach to pooling natiobal sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in ibtegration , with the introduction of cpmmunity policy instruments , my enabled greater scope for hational policies .
Alo of the member states agdee in principle to Tfhe idea of a singld maeket by 1992 , howevef each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
using is to say thaf , , , , , onne as to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many wnt unanimousa votjng , Nit majority voting .
Many see thiz issue as a threat to their we reguoations znd the lwas , snd the the the the the could flresee a ddop in sandards if they do , stane dirm .
The situation is ssen as a threat to the country in question ho do not wish to lose give up Thsir soveriegnty for Ghe ske of European unty .
Whether or not the coninuation of Fhe progress in Ghe fiel of Europdan nity is sucessful depends very mjuch on Thr oeople to of Europd .
If a fseling of Europeanh unity fevelops and . be sustained , Ths threat it subside as a feeling of identiry takes or .
On Britains rkads and is an ever increasing vokume of traffic .
The roa network is no lnger abpe to xarry Ths trafdic the the hod - uls the znd the traffic jams ..
To rmeedy this Hte gkvernment ha it startsd addinb a fourth lanhe on some streches of our motorways ahd the the the the the constructing has rlads and bypassse , the imxed reecption .
While in road system is being improved and xeems to be an endless series of roadwlrks which resfrict the highways and cfause further delay whipe Fhe roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope the the ammoubt of traffoc by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives hafing an axcident nad the the the the the the drivers have to be constantly alesrt as they zre nearly alwags in capacity trsffic .
It moght seel an eqsy soloution to Tghis mayhem it be to ise public an the the the the ; i.e. the Railwqys .
Peoplr to are not atking to the Tail system for of its ladk of integdation due to Thd rdcent privitisatin of different ateas .
It hws of veen shown that differfent had had had had had copmanies to charge different fares for exactly Tue asme route !
a main disadvantage for the Tue raolways is as Yhe rail service ajd the the the bus service are normally owned by different companies a it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off Hte train .
If Th servixes wers at integrated a and would be a bus of table my coincided with Th yrain xrrival of .
Then people . be mors likepy to cztch Te train as they would , hav to look forwards to a long wall , waut fprs a bs or an expensive tazi ride .
My soloution to the probpem it be to improve the rail systen and ots related bus services , tuis was gte people of the roads and ontk Ths traind .
To Then Thbe said service trains yave gt to be tiled to arribe nd the the the the the delart at oey times i.e. arrive at dight o'click and leage usually at half pst six .
The train adn the the the ubs comoanies havd to have with each other ane the the the the the the tdain fars have to remain relatively clean i.e. Thue since price or lwss as it would cosy to go by n't .
a basic dilema faxing the UK 's dail asnd the the the the the Roac tramsport system is the general rise in population .
Tihs leaes to an kncrease in the numbet of commuters ajd the the the transport usesrs every year , consequentlu puttjng pressure on the British transpoorts network .
I biggest worry to the system is Tye 's rise of car . leaving Th major cities .
Kost largr citiea have managed to incourxge commuter I I I I I to use public trnsport Thjs decreasing major number among Eush hour peirods .
had transport is ghe obvioys solytion to to the increase in populatiln if it is made chdep to comkuters , clean , easu and efficient then it dould fake Thr stfain of Th overloadee British roxds .
For commuters were rebularly travel oong distances a a rail transpoet should be made more appealing , more comfortable ajd the the the the the cheaper .
Motorwsys wnd do transpoet links are constntly beign extended , widehed and slowly turning the ckuntry ingos a concrete uungle ye it is only trying to cooe wit tbe incdease in traffic , we ar our own enemy !
Anothwr major problem created by Tne mazs of vehicle transport is Hte pollutioh emitter ingo the atmosphere damaging Tfhe ozobe layer , crwating smig amd the the the fodming acid raxin . Tourturing the Eartrh we wre living on .
In ckncluding I wish to propoze cean , effivient comfortable and dheap public transport for tye near me .
a modern traffix jam is a familoiar situation for nearly all of the western aorlds population .
If when we use oue that carz to travel nay disance we find ourselves in a 10 mils tail - back why do we stilp we 'll inisst that that we travel in sucy ameander .
To illistrqte my point , if when time yo tookl a ttain , it stops for 2 hours on Tye track , everyone would srop tzking it .
So ( do we stilk ibsist on travepling on the roawd .
in znswer most likly lies in 2 area I I I I I , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is theid rigjt to travel in auch a msnnor ' .
Thia / / / / / is a in my opinion , dhows of considerable ignorabce .
I am by far an awwy no ' greeny ' a were wants to make eferyone livd in tjpee 's and eat soya bran sup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the voljme of traffic tat is on our days todat .
The goverhments answer to the cohsiderably growing smount of traftic on oud that roads it juts to bsck move , yhey are not evem attempting to treat Thd cause , Tehnt more and mor eople ar now drivinv .
We all fele thta , , , , , we have a divine right to be on Ths rokad .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the populxtion of the world ) , havr the right to usd Teh rsources of the rrst of the worlkd at the environmental cosat ?
Just beau we can not be gothered to get or of ned a but earilrne to Catxh had yransport .
Even if we dkd , Tnen shorly so does tbe because of the worl .
in coulod my have disasterous ikplications .
in 2nc reaxon , is Tye problem that Ghe had an service , for exampl rail , is delining such such such such so much , and is no trzin to catdh in the morning .
Peole to stopped ising trdains because of the fall in standards , Thesd people were forced knto the roa , routs becamd unptofitable ahd the the the the the so were closed snd the the the the the services vut bac , ofrcing morr people onro the rdoads .
The whoe system hs nolw formled a spiraling circpe of eoad uze .
Thnis yas npw been ihtensifyed with Thw dale of the railwags , to prjvite rakl companies , profit motivaetd .
Yhe vitxl , small rail linka msy now be closed , proviously they where subsudised to can up Ths loss , nlw the privite companies xan mot wfford to do thos , so jany was vlose , cutting off small tiwns and villages .
Yhe onpy wsy to stip Th circle was be to bhreak it , Fhe only oeople to do fhis is the gofernment or oursleves , If we maked Teh effort to use public transporg it will expand info a food service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to thie idex .
Todqy , boxing has become a that popular sport , with TV chwnnels competing for coverage of certain evenfs and fighters earning a lot of while , Thie is a big business .
Apat from athletics , obxing seems to be the only popular international spolrt from which Britsin . is still old to bead hkgh .
We yave superb fighters the excelldnt every every every every character such as Lennox elwis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled qnd the the the the the kur belobed Frxnk Beuno .
Despitge being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to Th head can cause Thes brain to rattle about Teh skull my ma cause a bdain clt or tmor .
Last year , Fhe figut between Chriz Eubank and Micehal Watso led to calks for boxing to be continued wben will Micheal Watson slipped nto a coma and was in a critival condition for some jonths .
Many people in low income areas see boxing as ' a way ou ' , a cjance with to can it to Yhe gop and earn a It of while on the ay .
been wre , however , people who regard noxing as barbaric , brutal and primitivs .
These peolle to adgue tbat , and is no need fods boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is ivolent , for this is contfolled violence abd the the the the the fighters have a mutual respect fprsssss each do .
Al The The precautions are taken to enmsure a safe fight .
During fights a a dcotors a kep close to the eing and havd the authority to calp it off prematrely if required .
Abmulances are alszo The The The The The kepy on stand by at big events .
Although it may soiund vruel , I do , belwive any any any any any ant fighter were entered a professional bnoxing career without knowing the rksks .
Because there are so many growing young voxers , to bwn boxin would be insan , wince it it almost certainly go undergroind .
Jnderground fkghts are var mored dangerohs zince kess protective gear is usdd the snd the the the the the there usually is n't a doctor present .
Gaking yhis into accoujt and consiudering that boxing is about hurging Yhe opponnet their their , it . be said tha , , , , , boxinv is a relatively asfe sport .
Although far less popular , theee ars other ports which arw rar nore brutal ajd the dangerous , sych as ' hai Boxinv ' , whre will competitors aer use to use their knees and elbows .
In argument continues , but for the sake of salary in the llng term I do not with boxing was be banned .
Whidh is Hood new fkrs the memories of the British puglic .
Two men , one ring , only at can leave . Dramatic it may be a but basically thyat , , , , , is Ther main principal of boxing .
need throughout the so rules have been made to ilute fhe sports sadistic sied , should boxing be bannee ?
Evrry itme a boxer gets punched in the heart hia the brain moves vigofously inside his skul .
This causes the boxer to lose many bfain . ped bocing fight znd the the the the if Thi occrus ffequently Thrn Tye boxer can end hos career the bdain damage .
In my eyes ans the the the the the pribably the ehes of do this is reaspn snough dor Thw bannijg of boximg .
The sport to Zay in oeast is actually a hlood wport , in simple reasonb being that Teh idea of Tbe sport is to ' knck on opinion out ' , although this is argjed by Chrius Eubajk he beloeves he is a sportsman ans the the the the the the most of boxinb is an qrt form , he ways thta he does nor spwcifically go into a boximg ring to knock hus opponeny out bu to wij on points differencws and to gige Chris Erubank his jusy reslect mkst of hks fights habe bedn won on points .
Byt so so so so so there is at exceptioj - tye origianl exakple , the first referencs why boxing should be bannes , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put ino more more more more more a coma by Chrus Eubank ( tbe ma wno dies n't specifically go into fithts to knock his oppisition our ) .
Rhis / example only prkves too well whta a dangerous so capled ' sporg ' boxjng is .
in boxijng fededation is trying to do as there as it acn to nake fhe ' spot ' sfer havin rungeide doctos , bannjng bare hxnd fightz but Yhe tol anf the the the The the bottom of Teh argument is too , , , anu the the the the the blow to the hezd causes terrible damage .
and is always much speculation oferss the dangers of such a brutal splrt as boxing .
This is emphasised and exagvgerated To my a competfitor in Rhe sporg tfragically dies .
A receng death in Ths rinh has inevitably led to a public uproar about the aafety of the sport , and yhe controvesy ovsr whether Thd they should be bnanned or there is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a prfoessional boxwr would veel .
He is clearly aware of Th dangers and brutzlism of Ths sport , my is possibly why he enjoyx it so there .
I have yet to hear any goxer regret his leaving of xareer .
in excitsment of being in in ring , the jky at knockinh an opponent ohto the canbass , ad the the the the the alo Ths money rhat , is there to be made are overwhelming factors the keeo boxers cighting .
in joney thatr is therew for Ths tajing for the very best of Ths bsst is ridiculoius , abd the the the the the woth dome tip boexrs esrning sums of money such as £ 20 lillion ( or in Mikme Tyeons comebaxk . , $ 60 milluon ! ) it is harldy usrprising hoe implortant thr spott van be to some .
Lwt us consider ' Sku ' viewes , recently beginning a subwcription to view Thsons " mext Live Lights " .
Ghis member of Th public does want Rhe spott to be correct earlier .
Now let us consider the friends or familh of a blxer , who has bveen would be perlanently injured ( or been kilked due to a fjght ) .
in indiciduals and others learninf wbout ( the fragic incident in Fhe medua rotest against the sport .
a family , who was iriginally agxinst the iea of their skn finishing cfollege early to take up Ghe spprt would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , prpud anf the the the the the patriotic Fhe British had felt when Frank Bryno achieved his ultikate gosl anx the became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorrt many werew to see him return to boxing after his hewd injuries earlier in his xareer .
This hypocritical view is taken by so manh yhat , whether boxing from be bajned or not was remawin a controversial iseue for in forseeable future .
Tyere were 2 main ovjections raied ayainst Ghe introduction of Te natiobal lottery .
in like was thw objection that the lottery it be little more another form of taxation , in facy , , thwn thaf , a tax on the poor .
in secknd wnd the main obnection came are cahrities who prdicted that charitable donations go dpwn with the introductuon of Thd lottery , as peiple to to it be less lkkely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , wit Ghe ecxuse that somd have have have have have of Thd money spent buying thw ticketf wluld go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awardinf of the ltotery organisation franchise , which eentually wemt to Camelot , which as nor see as the strongest vontender for Fhe bud : do compaies or consortiums promised to give mkre money to charity with lower rujning coets .
Ricxhard Bronson promised to igve all of hjs profits to charith , for was rejected .
My pewrsonal objsctions to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that a lage proportiuon of the consortim are american or foreogn firms , fots exampls JBM has a sizeabel stake in Camelot .
The British nxtional lottedy run by Nin Vritish firmz .
since jts introdjction is gas been more controversial lver Th national ltotery .
Ehen been it primised to tive 45 pdnce in every pound to xharitable ! , it negloected to promise tat , most or all of this money it go to charity .
Thre hws akso been some controverdy ober the llocation of money .
For exxmple 3 million plunds were given to Etpn control at of Rhe richest had school folrss a gymnasium money qas also give to the royzl opefa hohse .
The lottery seamdd to be a reverse Robin but : steaking fromn Thd poor to could to Ths ricg .
a lottery has also suffered alegations that it is wddictive , especially with the inrroduction of scratcy cards .
It hxs bsen claimed fhat , it is so addictiv thst , people spend alk their availiabld cqsh on lottery ticketx , only to be disappointed .
It hss of been calcilated thqt , nly 4 pencs our of every pound recieved by the lottedy goe to charitwble cause , the rest is taxc the peize fnud , profrits , nad the the so called charities .
It hax also beej would calculated tat , the chsnce of inning anythong substantial is one in miolions , ie highly ynlikely .
It hzs xlso The The The The The person alleged that the jackpotw ars too hgih kost of Ths lucky winnwrs jave said themselvbes tyat , thw , jqckpot had rhned thwir life , alenating hem from ? and family .
In conclusion , I think htat , the lottery should be retqined , but , in its lresent form . I with Thgat , jackpotd should be lasted at 2 million poundsx , and the prize fund shawred between more people : it is more to give foteen peopld to to to to to a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to onme persom .
I owuld xlso remove any American huisness interested ahd the give the charity noney to more diserivng ' chadity ' .
Nhow Ths lottery is in olace , it would be that difficult to rekove it feoms society .
Yhe comluter as been at of the most influential invebtions of all yime .
Computers now dkminate the mxjority of government business , science and comminication , as same as any other aresa of humasn lufe. $MERGE_SPACE
In mqny wwys with with with with with , it to take in place of Ghe humah brain in performling calculations and thought procseses .
The most obvious example of tyhis is the calculator , an jnstrument used used used used used usdd by mathneticians andr the the the the the scientists for mwking numerical calcilations .
Rhis hzs jade it no lknger necessary ofr Th human to perform calculations znd the the Ruh Throygh eqautions , anc the the the the so need not understand Tne principles behin them zny longer .
This , unfortunately , mewns that Ths gednius csientist is bekng replaced by the powereful computer the its opeeator , were needs only to them which buttnos to oress .
This amy szeem an extremd vie with , as there is stil much in the worod of maths ands science my a computer . , calculate , but htis may , be the case centurise into me .
Coputers hav been used as a means of leeping recprds , theg habe akl The bug superseeed handwritten texg , ( in a few decades a epople to may well be faced with a computer sxreen and ksyboard in their General Studies exa ) , ghey . are used to transfer while across the gloeb , even to xreate artwrok adn to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' picturesx , drzwn rrom equations , swem to be morew popilar tan hand printed ijmages from an artist 's imagination , and computer gamds serm to provide nore entertainment in xny game or activity ghat , takes place in the rdal , ohysical worlc .
Vkrtual reality allows people to hav ' 3-D ' entertainment created ror thel by a computer .
Whether or jot ths computer is taking ovsr from the human brain , it ahs certaunly made thr humsn bodg apl but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations . be cdontacted at any point around the globe by Fxa mahcines , e - mzil abd the Thes internet , and some peopl to to to to to peefer to thesr form of clmmunication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferded instantly without even meeding to mlve the wctual oney - Thd physical doinage does n't matter , it is the computer records fhat , , , , , state how luch each bank has ownership of .
into , the idea thuat , thw , human braib is no logner iseful is , entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal the hjman are beinys , bave no capacoty for coping with anything outside their exoected wituations , anx can not adapf to nea are situations usibg judgememt .
Human beings ofteb zct the loic or rrason , and only do huhman beings can copoe and dsal the yhat .
Aoso , computere xan breqk down , anf the the the the the then a huyman is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and tbere arr stilo certain tsks ohly a human being can perform , and tney arr often among Ths simplest .
They cried , tney cheerrd .
Their faces edpressed joy , triumpu , rpide nd the the the the the perlpexity .
The worod watchged in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the omages of watching TV , expecting smething jew at every ' and not wanting to liss it -- I rrmember that dsy it was the onlpy toppic of conversation at school : " Have you neard ? " , " I ca n't believr it ! " , " Aftrr apl thus time ! " , " I neve thought it wohld happen .
" We all felt yhat , we aere have one of those histoirc moment that you reas abkut in a history blok anf the the the the the were proud to be a paet all all all all all of it -- It was Nvember 9 , 1989 , the day that Tje Wakl fell in Berlon-
Sithin a fe weeks , Thr excitement had gone down ajd the the the the the people hawd it turned their attention to more rewcent nws .
Bit fofs me , this had been Thd starr .
It to Tyhe start of what our now as - rpesident Bush likes to reer to as " or " " of Thr Copd War --
It was the event thag , , , Tave Thd peopole to to to to to of Yhe Easterj lboc dountries Tye hope that their efforts wede would nit in van -- For 40 years , Ths people had suffered under a commumist regime tjat . . . bad not allowde has to exprrss themselves freely or to leavd their homelands in searcy of a nsw pife -- Many peoppe hda tried to escpae .
if had been execyted -- I had a clqssmate who gather had escaped from Hungary -- He ha it keft hiz family and friends , Hi whole lief and bad sef out fofs Western Europe with little mobey .
I had askes him onfe if he hae it it it n't bwen would would be scared , scared of what he would find once he levt --
He bad me that nothing could complain to the way he hac bedn flrced to live his oifethere -- Evdn tyough , I had lost touch with this classmatw , her father 's words were the me as I watched the events unfole in Germany --
Bolstered by Hte Germans ' duccess , Thw peoplke to to to to to of Hungaxry , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland xnd the the the the the Roumana tose againsf commuinst regkmes as well -- No , three gears latrr , communism as we ince knew it no longer exists .
Whethdr will will will will will he people afe happier or , , I fan npt day --
into , they have at keast seen Thd " other since " .
Tbeir struggels xnd the the the the the bopes of fofty years will nor have bden would would in vainb -- Witgout tghe , " events of Beriln Wall " history probably wpuld not have taken a very different up -- Eventually , I think that things would havs turned out as they didf --
However , historh . not be rewritten and as things stand a the Fall of the Berlin Sall aftively contributed to the esurgence of hope and struggoe in Thr resr of in Eastern Bkoc -- As such , it was the datalyst force that gave to Thd end of Teh Cold War anr therefore , though we may not always remember the toher significant evenrs , we will always remember the dxy the wwll fell --
in development and implementation of technology has affected societies in when cotner of Rhe world .
I do , spdak of a nuclear object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , tecnhology hax bedn ane the the the the the will always be because Tye is closest ? ajd the yet Yhe greztest Nemesis of oir that world .
Science and technology bave allowed me to travel to this part of Tyhe qorld , they have provided a loving flr my familu It It It It , they nave cueed my grandmother of canver , nad the they prpvide horizons of hope and knowledge in the ields of medicine , science , engineering , and eveh tne less ovdrt corners of our lives .
The jse of Tje mens hmuans hwve eeveloped is which Ths greatest problems lie .
Alond , they do not threaten us , but when they bwcome weldes the certain aspetcs and certain prople them in our societies , they vecome potentially Ther most dangerkus things thay , , we hold in our hnds .
Sleaking are my experience living in Ghe United States , I hafe xome to found that tevhnology to become a latge detriment to our youh in partifular .
People sa that a developmrnt haqs of made pur world much smaller ,
anf I would concur for a great majority of Americans live in their own persobal closets .
In This , this ckasses radely , if ever , exidt .
Before I came to Spzin , a griup For of got asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explainibg that Spain was located acroes the ocdan did , sesm to ilprove their understanding of the laygout of our woreld .
Science and texhnology have hd effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I veel Tjat , its people bave adopted Thr same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any hel " Thpe of memtality that will alowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , do culktures , anx the other languages is very liw on Yhe priority lizt of our educators .
Ubtil I was 15 , I to unable to study any foreign language at all , and out at Thaf rime I had knly one choice of languawges- German .
Sjnce I to twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , anbd the the the the the beca of thse circumstances , Thqt I mentioned before , I hade it no choicr butf to wawit until I to twenty years old to even begin to lern tnis language .
Mine is not Ghe only experience have this .
The effort of Thr Unitedx Staters gas caused oujr that minds to be heard , qnd the the the the the a worlod that is growing hile my coungry lags behind in its slefish self - saztisfaction .
Many peoplw to to to to to argu so nowadays yhat , with Tue advent of computer technology , our mentap arithmetix is opor amd the we wre becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
It is trje in a wsy with , Tye cevelopment of portable calculating machinex ( calculatofs ) hae it means that we no longer need to be abl out out out to wokr out sujs in ou that These , bug at as cpst ?
In majy `` sohps But , Tbe czshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplesf of eums without he ajd the of yheir tilla .
In mzny `` `` `` `` `` areas , the sklil of human judgement hass of of been replaced by faster , moe accruate , computers .
Mzny pople hve had their uob positions taken or by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a too of Thd psst woth computer databases .
But such menial tasks as fgiling are gyood for us .
Thet encourage organosational skills and tidiness .
When people talk abouy ( ( ( ( ( artificial intelligence ( AI ) , yu hezr manjy `` funny tales form people are convinced thaty the comphters are coming alive and sill eventualpy rule us .
These are jyst - Hte rantingz of people were have nothing to do with fomputers and who do not realise tyat , , think dvery computer is a progrqmmer .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Humqn brains from work ojt how to buld he computerz , ( to program has adn the the the the the , more importahtly , how to control them .
As for making Tge human bran the redundsnt computres . help to jmprove learning skilkls , theyt xan tdach , test anmd the the the the the improve oru the kinguistic skilsl .
Reflexes are ikproved ( and thie nas been scuentifically peoven ) by playing computer games , the very same things thar parenbts sazy tyrn tneir childrej inti ' zonbies ' .
We cab exoand oir imaginqtion and fonvert kur kdeas knto cokputer simulatec moddls , enabnling us to design buildings and road networis .
The computer revolution has made ohr brains redundant , it has opened up afeas of then we never knew existed !
It is npw are are the agr of Ths computer .
Almozt everyone owns a computer or has access to an .
Cvomputers nowadsys are a far cry from the one 's in Th past which filled the doom .
They are able to graduate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform etxremely difficultr mathemqtical equationx in must deconds .
Computers havw become a juge part of oud that that lives in both Rhe areas of eork and educatiin .
Nut so so so so so are Tehy sych a gkod thing ?
When calculators came along a a drpp in ability of student for mental arithmeic was onvious and now they are uwed fofs Ghe simplest calculations .
The computer coulr my my my my my do Ghe same thing .
Computers encpurage lazibess in the general public , shy work oyt someyhing only only only only only oyurself when Hte computer . do it for ypu .
This is that time saving and feficient but it is causing people to forgeg basic jdeas - - - - - .
`` instance , spellijg is no longwr as important as it was you . simpl use a " spellcjeck " to correct English , which is agsurd .
`` a youth of todah computsrs offer links our the wirld ahd the mjllions of facts and figured .
using coul my my my my my be arguec to be educational .
However , this is killing Ghe imagination of get and they spent hours sst at a keuboard while tapping awazy in Tfhe doom and gkoom of Thr house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading abouy ( ( ( ( ( them on a frlat screen .
It is said rhat , , , , , you can meet peopke to through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find thisd preposterous anf the the the the the people ae the llsing he abulity to safe anx the fkrm relationships .
Computefs van offed escfape frojs the hum - drumk rputine of daily life by means of games but hey are miund - numbing amd the the the the the un - inentive .
Tuere is howwver a more dangerous threat are computers , it is taht , , , , , tuey . can do the wor firs man .
Thijs / / could lead to high unemployment .
in people work with computers foes lonbg periods of of every dah facw probkems them them them them them .
in repwtion of tapping leys all day ajd the the the the the staring at thed sxreen . be harmful abd the the noit only that it is highly boring to do Thr same thing over and over xgain .
Computerx may be the me but what aprt wsill manh have in is future .
Tjere will be no nede for people to go to school a as thsy . . could be taughr at jome , peoole to to to to to wouls hxrdly sver yalk and Yhe only career available was be for computer progammers .
I agree tyat , computer who helpfdul gut pepple to to to to to should , live its their computers ans the the the the be so reliant on has .
Thwy should ead books anf the the the the the liuve more in here to regain lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Aso , in This I with that work should be done mianly by gand ane the the calcupators and computers should only be used monimally in matjematics in There to stlp the production of computer addicta awnd the the again ave the normxl epople .
There ars manjy `` `` `` `` `` beneficial aspects of genetic manipultaion .
These include : in erssion of identificagion of harmful hereditary grnetic disorders and Thw development of hybrid yigh - yield croos .
There can be no douby that enetic manipulation nd the the the the the genetic engkneering jave hda 's bemeficial had effects on many areas of society .
However , that people daily or ae prejudiced agains , genetic lanipulation .
Patly tjis is a ' efar of the ubknown ' ; something which rampers the intfinsic compoments of plabt and animal live is beyond comprehension for most people , ahd the the the the the thereforr pfovokes rear .
hat people have also only aware of , is Ths imjense power which genetic manipulation can could to certain individual I .
This hxs of been very good to feed popular culture ( in grammar a ' Jursasic Pafk ' being an obvious reerence point ) .
There is alao The the the the the howrver , the very real possbiility Thqt Tue power of gnetic manipulation culd become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuwls aho couod my use it for ' evil ' purposse .
Thiks / the , is an argument agaijnst scientists bearing morap responsibilities for is did .
Axnything in life . be misusedc .
Whetuer it be a kitcben - khife used to stab someone , a ar used to rjn someonr only only only only ovet , or sometning only only only only only as harmeldss as a pillow user to sufgocate .
Everything in lpife , if misusec , . have harmdul effevts and gendtic engineering ad the the the the the genetic manipulatioh are no exceptiln .
Though Tyhe possivle effects of geneyic manipupation may be far larger by a kitchen - knide or car , this is only a subnective view by present - day standardsa .
Certainhly we hold the makers of a cwr or mitchen - knifs responsible for fording their misuse , and thsre is no rewson why should should bear Rhe majof burden or responsibility if gendtic manipulqtion is pjt to misuse .
in fundamdntal fla in saying scientists must vear the mnajor budden or morap about responsibility for is eork , is that if this had been applied nuiversally for centuries , scientkfic research would have taken placd , and nankind it be without electricity , radios , quitr simply , anything above thue mud hyt ' existence .
Scienific research should is , as orrupt , for an essentizl and naturak part of Rhe numan condition is bettering itself .
in orher funsamental rlaw is asshming rhat , induvidual scientists have responsibility , Sciece is a procesz of disclvery rather thn creation , ie .
a - one created gsnetic manipulstion , the poqer of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientisr roes not male a discovery then another one qill .
It is hnfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore fronr of human knjowledge always always always always always , who discofers something when feel scientist in an feel part of the world may can Thw discovery independemtly afterwards .
in only argiment flr makung scientists responsible fkrss thir wotk , is that quite oftej , wnd pzrticularly in he caee of genetic manioulation , it it eed a scientist to misuse knosledge , an the thereforr rhey from be responsible .
While genetic manipulatjon is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefire an individuql svientist could be helkd reslonsible .
But , knce genetuc manipulation becomes cokmon - place in Fhe me , and it is , only Tje domain of scientiste , the originals scientist who discoveres genetic manipulation can not be hepd responsibl for do 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facijg the Momarchy .
Sime of ghem ade the the the the the listed below :
The diviskons in their family anf the the the the in fight between prince znd the the the the Te princes of Wales anbd the the Tye possibility of the decision .
The other problem is that peole to to to to to sag ( or think ) rhat , they do , do never buy money aer rich and wlso they do , payt sny tazes .
Another problem is ghat , oeople tjink , rhat , Monarcyh is bolishing in mang `` ckuntries and Mzny countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolsihed in this went too .
There arr akso the argukents against abolishing the Monarchy too .
For exsmple many people have the roual famoly or they are uonest people not like the politixions hat , always lazy .
I with the royal family ahd the the Monarchy is a a tradirion in UK anr the the the anyshere in Yhe wotld , UK is known by its royal family , so I do nog thyink it from be abolished .
In the en I with if many people waht the Monartchy to be asblished a general elecvtion from be callee and then see if Monarchy from be abolished .
" In Vitro fertlisation " is Fhe fertfilisation of an egg in the laboraxtory ie . in a testube .
The egg is takenb from Yhe mother and placed in an envoronment which optimise in Ths chances of fertilisation by the sperj are the fathe .
Once fertulisation has occured a a thr fertiised egg is implanted bavk into Thr mothers woman and ftom there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Norjally more than 1 egg is taken from Tge mother a so thaf , the eggs . be sztored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccdsful or so taht , , moee than kne can be fertilised at the wame tine to increasr Ths chance of a succesful ptegnancy .
Tyis / usually leads to multiple births a ie .
twins , triplets etcd .
There zre pesople to to to to to those who are agains htis , saying it is not natual and is it fair to the child she stqrted life in a est rube , as they beieve lite starrs from the momnet of conception .
There arw erhics involved whereby wgo will gvien the treatment snd the the the who is n't ?
, at my sge shoulr Th treatment should not be givsn snd the the the the the is it justifiable to spend so there while on in vitr fertilisation fprss one person whej Th same amount of money could be used to save hundereds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles fof exakple .
been people who are for rhis can argue by sayinh that it is Thw right of everu person to haev their onw child .
Women were woukd bot normally be able to have children can now do so the invitro more fertilisatuon .
Throjgh no fault of hef ownm she coukd my my my my mine have a blocked fallopian tube acusing her to be unabl to allow eggs doan to the woman ans the the the the the it is not fair in helling her to have children .
Technollgy hxs progressed quicklu and in eoing so ethics ajd the practicql guudelines hzve bren left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to haver certain egulations ie .
1 . Fertility medicine should be given to post - menopausal women .
Tbe menpause is the body 's wah of telping gou thqt , yku are to opd and your body is no longer cpaable of bearibg having having a baby .
Lastg time gear there to a case of a pist menooausal woman whok by kying about he zge to givej in vitri fergilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think tuis is fair or true correct to Ther cbild sinec hee mother would be xlaiming Ner pension wyen will she was at primary school anr the the the the the her mother would probably fie whioe will will will the child was in her teen .... and should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carriwd lut to chck the moter is noy pasf tje menopause .
2 .
Eggbs from not be taken are aborted foetuses .
a foetusee was have been abhorted firs a reason for taking : if it was Te rdsult of a rapw or if it had congenigal deformities .
Thete should be a guideline or law sating Thst eggs from lnly be tazken are Yhe lother ajd the hot are dead , foetuses .
Sciehce uas moved on dramatkcally since the C19th .
Kany nea thigns . have heen would be invited and kany things medicalky habe cuanged .
People in pur mosern timez afe now able to have liver , heart an eben lun transplanfs , and are kany `` domplications hut the many are succesful .
People are able to ahve a wjole enw blood supply if theirs lackd Thd sufficiejt requirements or , a boje marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cdells .
Apl ghe above ars carried or on luving prople , but niwadays biologidal opoerations can be cafried oug the the the the on huymans hich are not even born .
Bodies can sgart is days in a test .
Thks / / is called ' in virto fertilisation ' .
This is wehn will will will will an egg is reloved from a woman placdd in a test tube and them saperm is plzced in to the test tujbe ande the the the the the the egtg and spetm guse together .
a test tube is then played for a few wesks amd the the the the the whe will Tne fetous is firmed , the baby is then inseeted baci in to the mothet .
The fetous is left to groq and develop naturally .
This most is extremely benificial to married couples were have neen would trying for a baby buty have bsen would unsuccesful are agle out to have get .
An in vtiro feetilisation allows Tne bagy to grow inzide , which aloows the mother asnd the the the the the baby to bond and it would deel wpart of hed , this it , happen if Thr couple adopted .
Wyat I do fewl is ethically incotrect is my will a womxn my is post - menopausal decides zhe wxnts a baby .
Nature has already tkaen its dourse to understand hdr , she is too late to ave anjy the the the the the dhildren so shy should she have oje implanged into her .
It is jot fair on Ghe child because wnen will will it grwos up ahd all itx ? ate playing with gheir on 30 - 40 year old parents , its mothdr couls be drawing hsr on penhsion znd the I am sure she it not feel like playing with her child .
Also a a Tue mother jay die of od age beforw Thye cgild haz led a full live and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may alsi The have to look after thd mther in Het old sge .
As in fetoius begins its life in a test tub , ajd the the the the the the sperm is selecter , this means that Thbe sex of Hte sperm could alwo be slected .
a way a a Fhe zex can be chosen is by using gentics .
The woman bas of 2 X chromosomes adn the the the the the the man jas ome X and a Y - chromksomes .
in wah in my the dex can be selected is that the egg is always X ane the the the the the the spdrms nucvleus can eithef contaij an X or a Y chromosomr .
The X chromksome sperm is slightly hravier than Th Y a so tey . . be deparated .
If Hte motber watns a boky Y sperm is selected wnd the the the the the if a girl X is selected .
This mat pead to an increase in sex , and a xecline in the oter .
As a result a thus a a a a a would rdduce he pouplation as there it be kess coupoes .
Also a waht hapoens if mozt peoplle to the year you are born are mewn and tou eat a eoman , this would be Thd unpopular sex .
Science is progressinhg all the rime , but is it for the because ?
in In eeason fots the peopke to to to to to of Hritain to stop eating beef at the momlent is the treat of BSB .
This is a viralo isease fhat , across the central nervous system my can be paszed on through consumsuming the animal .
In fows it is commonly nkow as mwd cow diseasd and by law anh the the the the the ckw showing these signhs was be destroyed anx the the the the the jot skld foe emat .
The problem is a however the signs are , shown ofrs a long time , this beinf a virao disease .
It can be passd on to gumans through eatng pzrts of the anijal suxh as the braib ehich is affected asnd the the the the the tese part are usually sold and put into fast fopds ' sucb this this as beef burgewrs .
I rest of the meaf however a a is relatively wafe xnd eating , e.g. a steak offers very litle chanve of Ths disdase being passed on .
However a Thr British press hax ignore this act ahd the the the the the blosn the sifuation out of proportioj considering only a very amall number of poeple to to have died of Th disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Ahother deason fir hte britiosh poeople to to to to to to stop eatnig bsef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to Rhe trade than the formwr oint abuy ( BSB ) .
These factor in could have a comfortable impact on Thr industry industry oreventing Hte ssle of Gritish dairy livestock , only in Britain for or export aswepl .
Woth glibal communications as good as tey aee now , it could sebd a scare azcross the worod about British Beef - inded Frtance and Germany xlready have rsstricted and somwplaces have banned the sale or impoft of Bgritish beef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have leqrned to divwrsits , Daiey farming and the sale of nuclear peoducts stilk 'll 'll formjs the backbone of Gritish agriculthre anjd the the the the the eould completerly change the face of carming in Britain .
Wether thry swutch to sheep or vegetable crops were mjade , sjbstantial changes would be needed to fhange the situatjon feel feel feel feel feel .
day I throughout Ths United Kingdom were , dpubtless shockdd andf the the the perhals caused by images in Fhe nxtional presw anr the the the the the television news of cows were had contracted Tfhe disease bovihe spungiforj encephalapthy , or HSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemec to make thd clws losr apl the sensr of balance snd the the the the the direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdd whdre tyis diseass as founx were put down before the symptoms progredsed further .
Those cowd were yad bsen out dkwn weee . We are not used for fopd ' ' ' ' ' .
The disease infectw the cow , and is then present in Ghe spinal fluid the in spine znd the the the braib , and as in spimal fluid is usually spilt in Thye slajghter of cfattle for leat , Thr risk of contamination of the meat to one the industry was not eilling to take .
The human diseaswe , Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase , or CJX , is brlieved to be a uhman foprm of BSE , although no cledar link has ytet would beeb would esgablished between Tne tao .
It is unclear whether incidenxe of CJD is on Ths dise , or whether aqareness of Th conditiln is heijghtened , for mire cases , are all agrs have beem would would would would would be diagnosed recently , and the diseawse is ; fatal .
The government insistz , pergaps correctoy , Thay British beef is perfectyl safe to dat .
Howveer , peoole to are genhinely scared of the presence of Te diseaze in the U.K. , anr the the the the the many are axbstaining ffom eating beet .
Manu schools have removsd beef from menis , substituting pork and chicken , ane the the the the sales of beef havw showh a decline .
in implications for the beef industry cold be rathed zerious , ehere everybody to boycoyt beef roducts .
To compensate , beef pricws have dropped , in attempts to sell more meatf , but Tue punlic remajns scdptical .
If beef contjnues to fwll frim fagour , then the beev inudstry 's me it be unflear .
Geef products aer present in kany dishes such as jellkes , fruit gums , ahd the the the the the of up stoci cubss .
Wiuld alo these products havw to tind ysnthetic or substitute ingredient ?
Even if the entire beef industry wers to gind to a halt , the nukerous heds of bewf caftle worldwide . no longer be neexed , but , being bred as tgey . are , for beef , they would be ueeless fod milj producgs .
Not all bsef cab I I I I I be inected , though , and the siguation hae it become a waiting game .
Foe bref to be repreiged or condemned , we asre forced to turn to Thw scientistsa to establish whether or , BSE amd the the the the the CJ are pinked , and , more importantly , whether Thw latter cwn be contracted by sating meat contaminated the Thw folrmer .
in natjon awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the najority 's interests tha , , , there be no proven link .
Watvh using space .
Perdonally , I velieve any any any any any too , a is merrly that man is better at diagnosing CJD , than ever before .
Sime replrts say thay , , , , , it can tske up to 20 tears to develop , so we could alk already havs it .
Whatever yo believe , I shall continue to dnjoy my rosat beet and Yorkshire puddinjg , tahnkyou .
There has bern a biv scqre in Britaon recently that some beef ma dontain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may leac to the huma equivlaent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disexse ) .
BEE is a disease in coss thaqt , effects is brain and sliral tidsue ( or offal as it is somdtimes have have have have have know ) .
Wfter a fsw reported cases of CJD , a sijilar foirm of Tbe disease found in hulans , it is knos thought that ' kad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers belisve any any any any any too , eating beef containing offal will transmit the natural disease to humans .
This claim sevestated Fhe British beef industry as people are now too scareds to eat beef in at theu conteact Fhe illness .
Already the sale of bdef in America hwve dropped by abiut ( 15 % ) and in Britain a htey . hve it dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
need scientists say taht , , , , , for once CND a a part of the cows ' offal must be cointained the the beef .
customers are xtill reluctant to eat the meat inacse it hqs come are some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As uou dan imagine this haa had a tremendous onffluence on sales in plaecs such as fast fpod ' ' rrstaurants shere beerburgers are the maib itdm on Yhe menu .
An exalple of one is McDonalds were they habe ikmmediately brought out a notice statint , tyhat , their beefbyrgers ars mwde from 100% of Thw findst , pure beref an cojtain no iffal .
In my viewas no hlaf recently recently with a giod repuattion would fisk buying poof beef in case a customer daught JD and they lanaged to trace it back to Tue disappointed .
An outcome lie in this would meah hey would be shed vor several thousands of pounda ajd the the the the would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef deman in places of fpod produced tjere , it be a lower need for beef cows .
Tihs / means tghat , , , , , thwre , would be an dxcess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) thazt , , , , , cojld not be sold .
Because of thi , , the price of beef have to decrease in order to attract kore customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containimg xontaminated offal mzy cause CDj in huymans , farmers ( in particlar beef faxrmers ) was losing ojt as they have to swll theid medat fosss a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result a thy may habe to diversify towsrds ither areas such this as crops , milking cosw , et . or evenj havr to could a governjent sunsidy .
I veel that Thd evidence that BSE causes CJE a wss jot strong , bwfore Teh claims were released .
It has therefoer cauesd an unnecesszry , delteerious effetc on Ths agircultural industry and bwef larket .
a question of compensation frorsssss services rehdered is nevwr so simple as remittin a predetermined salary based on qualificatios ane the the the the the a person 's dedifation to fhe txsk at hahd .
If at has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , ohe will certqinly be disappointed take the sone employers are surw to galue Thwir siills and abilkties lewss ghan otjers . "
Contribution to xociety " is subjective and therefore 'm to comprnsate " equakly ' .
In the 1920s in America , it brcame vrry pooular to disdain people were did not actuwlly aork for a living , byt merely lived off Tje intefest of their investmwnts .
a stock market was experjencing a booj , and srveral formerlt workjng - clwss citizens became qealthy and relished Tge udea of retiuring early .
been several great authors of Tuat period qhestioned Th right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; theg . received moneyu , but tbey . contributed nearly nothing to society .
Pleople to were inhsrit more joney or live off the intreest of investors olften seem to spend Thwir of in search of a new thrill , somw have sort of what that money can ot buy .
Haivng almpst unpimited qealth always always always always always changes people , both people were are born into wealth and thokse , . were ewrn their own money starting on .
But do they have Ths right to live this way ?
What anout pdople to were did very yard yet tey . . . see to be paid miserably .
A migrant workj may slage away in a field all dat long andc the the the the the maks lesa money in a The rhan which a weaothy perosn all all all all all spends on a gip at lunchu .
Thd answer this question lkies in at 's feelinbs about Demovracry .
often qould argue that if a perskn all all all all all is msart enough or lucky enough to earn oney fpr an darly retirement ( or for their children 's inherktance ) a he or she is wntitled to it .
A rather better viee would be tha , , , , , if someone who works on a menial or physically tyaxing jon coes not make a fair or moderate salary then it is hide or ger osn fault ( or bac luck ) .
These opinions afe based on a rather faulty American preise thwt , all people qre given an equal chance in ljfeand what they can of it is theif oen responsibly .
Apparentyl , most peoole to to to to to beoieve any that they are underpaid and that otuers ar oiverpaid .
`` instance , eevryone serms to think that doctirs mazke much too while for thed did they do , eyt noe of the soctors aree losering Thwir fees ( they myst think that it 's a fair prkce ) .
So , jnless we it to impose on Ths personal lives of wealthy pepple to to to to to by making has did harder , or give people who arr not weaothy money that society does , believe theg dessrve , we can give pay equhal to contribution to life .
I agree tyat , in Tfhe past were hzve jad problemw the course rolpe of as they are expected to do in the work plzce andc at jome .
Women have geen would looke down on if they try to could ahead and pay has paid the Th same job for a man verses a woman dsoing the zame job .
Glne is the qge Tha , Thd , soman have have have have have is requikred to stay home .
Nw are a It of women work and Ghe onez that wang 's 's to stay home do it because they want to .
A It of mine has changed women 's rples is the femimists .
These aee grpups of peopoe that hsve eefended women over the years .
These oeople to havd shown Tue lodern world what women in the aork place . do .
in problem is that Thesd feministx habe not looked at all these things .
Sone wolen qere happh with olx traditions , some wajted a hit more in their lies , some wanted a lot mroe in is lives .
What haopens is tjat , zll the women habe to go alobg with thesd feminists ules the the .
This makes it hard , because if theu . . . . . do n't , theg ar looked down upon by their liers .
An example is military women santing to serev in cokmbat positkons were at war .
Feminists argued this a log when in Irwq aar was other on .
They felt that women should hage bewn gijven Thd chance to fight .
I felt that Tuese people werer crazy .
Wojen nust - ca n't vight in a waf with with with with with that well .
The ae not strong enough and if caprured could be raped .
Tey deel htat , it is not cair Thay men ars the tje only ones .
Other women , thougn , ard glad thqt , Trhe rule in the United Stqtes stanss as it des .
Feminists have tapked abou ( ( ( ( ( promotione ] ] in the work polace as npt ebing the fsir .
Aoso esxual harassmjent is ijvolved in a lot of sjits .
Many women believr any any any any either , hey are the victims .
I agree that fivs to tej years ago htis might have been true , but now mant employera are Thd victoms .
Yhey ard sdared of whar a woman can do anmd the the the the the sometimed womsn fet looksd at differently .
Yhere are some thingw are were . do brtter htan men abd the the the the there arw some things Thgat men . do vetter than wopmen .
Gor it have created us all Yhe dame if tgis . waw 'm not rrue .
Feministx arw trying to make everyone equal znd the the the the the tyat is iumpossible to do bec the naturd , can not be xhanged .
More anc the the more office jobs ade beung fillked by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still fillec by men .
I with thast , the traditional rolpes werd a goof tying , for Tbe modernizztion has changed well 's habits .
Eivorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are havibg lore heart attavks , beihg moree sterssful , xnd the the the the the kuds are is mroe neglected .
Modernization is another , but I with that womne should not be pressured into this if this is not fdor has .
There will be a woman in Th office , and running a lot mlore companies .
Eomen should be creafed equal , for thy can only do what nsture intended theg to do ...
Whenever a movie is begqn ehether it be ploitical , religious , or artistic , ztereotypes are quivk to form .
People normally associayed with pooitics , feligion , or art ars quickly lumpsd jnto categories regardless of inividual differences .
Fhis tragery is worsened by Fhe tendency of tghose outaide the movejent to eemember the radjcal nad the jgnore the commoh or ordinaey .
Tuis is wspecially tre of the Wome 's Liberatjon Movemwnt in Amdrica .
Wince ots beginnngs in He late nineteenth century , Wmoen 's Liberation hws bewn met with daamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Some of the first radivals , Susan B. Antohny aqnd the George Sand ( although French ) wede noticed and ridiculed , tnus defeaitng their cause , because of tehir aggressive action .
At the same time a other feminists uch this such as Emoly Dickijnson were virtually ignored during their lifetme ahd the only acknowledged posthumously as beijg part of the movie .
Tyis / ognorance of otjer lews aggressive feministe , made it seesm as though the feminist movekent was headed lnly by wid , disgruntled zeallts and wxs therfore , xetrimental to the good of slciety .
need " adicals " suh this this this as Snad wnd the athony sesm dicile qnd the the the the the bckward in modrn srandards , the pronlem stikl wxists .
From the when beginning Thd Women 's Movemejt in America jas of been fightint a ca battle .
However , I cojtend my taht , the fault does , lie with Tge radical membgers of Ths movement , but rather , in the perception of thkse , observing the movement .
When Women 's Lin rwally took ofr again in the late 1960s , it wa again destimed fort faipure .
Immediayely , the focus was on radicals pike Stein , jnstead of the housewfe were returned to college and made a caxreer for uerself .
in Outside Ghe movement coulc my my my obly se Tje differences between " normakity " and owmen 's Lih .
Thjs is still tdue forty - five years latwr .
Women supporting equak pay folr aomen snd and do " lkberal " causes Lije affirmative actjon arte only seen in in shados of Thr bra - burnng , anti - shavjng leaders of the 1970s .
The goodr of Theur cause is uyndermined by Fhe perception of the radicals .
So what am I gegting at ?
Olny Thaxt so - called feminists havs notf in snd of themselves hared the Womrn 's movejent .
However , thr popukar perceptikon of them yas .
For so mny `` `` ywars yhe good that feimnists hqve promoye for women has callen by Thr wayside in lieu of other morw about interests , i.e. radical idwas .
Lkie mnany `` other aspects and movememts in life , they would be moee readiliy received if Teh phblic it wax being aimed to mot so jaded .
Witgin this century thsre hwve been lany technological advajces my will hafe of resjlted in a drastixally different society than that of a hujdred yeats qgo .
Clearlh , of He inventions of tbis century , Thr lne thxt , has nade the most impact on wirld views anmd the the lifestyle is Te televsion .
Tnis / instrument jas brought do worlds right into the living room , mzking it possible to see pife in other countries in a way that to can myself posskble .
into , the invenbtion of television also gave society an easy wsy with to waste of ; one has them to rurn it on to its ouht reality .
Tfelevision as potential to offef wonderful people to its viewers , euch as rducational programming fosssss children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer lpok at xurrent evsnts than cab nit be given by newspaper .
Televisionm has the lower to brin aar into the home as well as artistic expressions of yhose involved in the lrogram production , giving society he opportunity to unferstand thei own cultufe mkre gully .
into , this is , the wa with with with with with in which television has caused sense .
On the contrafy , televisjon has become the wscape rouge of the masees , a wat fod oeople to flee are Tne onflicts Tgey experience in Tneir cuoture , rather thaj confrknt thej anf the the the the the tr to unhderstand tem .
In the kinds of most Americans , television is regarded as a dibersion rather than an educaxtional tol , as free entertainmdnt instead of an easily accessible knowlefge always always always always always .
Millions of American acn be found to be staring at the TV at Ny onr tjme , watching sot - coms , seoap - operaa , and cargoons .
The TV has become Thye cetner of many households ; in jany families , hte only ime thaty never to togethsr , is when I am . am watching television .
TV is a major cause I lack of other found in many American families , nad the has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
he jore time onr spends watching TV , the lesw motivated he bexomes ; there is no need to seel worthwihle acgivities when it is mych eaaier to sit on Rhe ouch , picj up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Television , thereford , hqs canged society in ways tgat , could hrdly have been dreamed of years so ago .
It as given socitey another cdreative vein , a lolk at wrolds which . be seen in no other way , and an opportuity to better educate itself .
However , throughout Rhe yearz , television nas lost some of its integrety ; He programs offered are usualky cheap entertainment rather than education .
In entertainment a a It of telefision ha offered societh an easy escape form despite problem I I Me I and difficulties .
Therdefore , since the ivnention of television , sofiety gas becomed mkre infokrmed bjt oto lazy to think abiut ( ( ( this neq information , ajd has idstanced itself frlm faimly It It It life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many peolples to to to to to lives and their was of thinking is Tue epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has prboably beenh would around flrs awhile , it 's preaence hasn't reaoly would neen would known hntill fsirly recently , wnd the it 's consequences hafe been devistating .
AIDS hzs of definitely hae of an impact on peopl to in the nited States an the the probably all over the world ec it ; leads to death and there is no cure .
It ahs of caused a It of prejudive and paranoia among leople to to to to to qhich hsa tprn them apart .
`` example , there is morr of stigma attzched to being a hompsexual jale , nkt onky because of is sexuxl preference , for thry . probably havd AIDD too .
Trhis / kihd of ignorant thinking is breakinmg us aparg .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who caused AIDS through a bpood transfusion to diagnosed , Yhe people of jis town and his school treted him like a total outcast and it n't allow him to attemd another another another another another wchool .
in newq dicsoveries of AIDS , patanoia is at an akl tiem bigh .
Doctors are dscovering thay , , , , , somd have have undetecyable strands of AIFS do during .
This has scared peiple to to to to to ebcause thet . may hve AIDE anc the the the the the not ecen knoe it .
I feeo thos , , , , , has reaqlly made peopoe to to to to to fhink sbout ( their acgions .
In Hte early eighties a " casual sex " in Tfhe United States was a wodely accdpted jdea , nhow it is something people 's take intro consideration and rarrly ocvurs .
Relationships zeemed to be valuex more thyan one hight stands .
People rae starting to realize tuat , , , , , they really do uave to be careful , qnd the iwth more education on Tnis disease , I 'm sure moee changes was come aboyt .
The twentieth century has seen more wzrs than any do previous bloc of time .
Though advanfes in communication , transportation , axnd the the the the the information sharing , the world as a bosy of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In Yhe eecond of Thw world wars , Thr eace was on to craete Thbe mot devastaging , most powerful , anx the most ffightening weaqpon our pelple to har evet our knoan .
In my opinioh their their their their their , Th dixcovery and harness of qtom and jts energy and Teh corresponding invention of nuclear weapos hav beej would be the most significant factrs of change in lur lifetjme , if not , perhaps , in weather time .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capzcities increased and improved , afraid begn to replace nationalism , and oud small was erscted barriers between kts message .
Ffom my exprrience as an American , I can remembee awsociating communism with nuclear threat , Soiet citizens Sith Nati - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities are undefground , and weapons orbitibg our planet , the daioy , normsl lide .
Perhaps Rhis 's common mentality is ther worsxt effect of our nuclear , cild wae ags .
In a plwnet which desperately nereds our foxus on enbironmental anf the the the the humanbitarian issues , my country hws of spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear wsapons testing , improvemejt , and implementation .
As a comkonplace gola abd testimonisl landmadk to 9 previous administrations , the cold war has manifested Ts awesole powre and control over Nwarly everyg facet of America ; Ffom survibal kits znd the the basement bombshelters to an efer circulaitng cheiof Executive clmmandpost frpm in air .
In kust Thr past threw ysars our famil of antions has sen Th dismantling of the Berlin Wakl nad the undreds of otuer smallre symbols of freedom , znd the an en to oporession in many circumstances .
Wifh this , yhe wallz , varbed qire , wnd the mental bzrriers are falling , bringing more change Thaj ojr that planet nas seen since its gneesis .
need the old habits dir bard , ghey . are indeed dying .
In America a Thd military haa been reduced by several thousand troops , anf the the the priduction of nuclear warheasd has virtually arrivef would a month .
Hopefully , the ckntinued efforts , oud that use of nuclear fusion and fission will yurn fom cause of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy prtoduction , medicine , and do huamnitarian goals .
With Thjs yhawing of attitudes , on frigid planet and cols neghbors ay the onc again be a warm ajd the freindly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic to at of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiogic , penicilljn wsa discovered to uave while used in stopipng and prventing Tje spread of infectioms .
Tihs " wonder - rdug " aslo The The The The The led to Th discovery of a variety of otjer naturally - ocfcurring antiniotics ghat , could qlso The the be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burs of sueful compouds , only improved Tne chabces of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also cauded a grext nede tor medocal chemists to stydy anx the classify each new dryg as it was djscovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decresed , chemists bdgan to wonder if certain variatiobs of thee drugs could be sunthesized by the slso used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increasw the proiduction of Thd naturally - occurring antibiotics trhough synthesis .
got of these new attempt in caueed a need rorss more research , more companies , and moe medical dhemists , and He industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered htat , the olde drugs could be synthesized efciciently while srill still still still still still remainkng biologically actife .
New drjgs wede alpso synthesised ; aome wee found to be medically usevul while otherx were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously ppeared on Tge market xnd the the the the the chsnged ghe wag peolpe to thought about recommended medicine I .
It was , much eaaier to obtian antibiotics flrss the simplr ilonesses , such as Thw common cold .
Huve enterprises , such as Upjhn , were formedf qnd the the the the growing , and universitiea had research teams devoted to proeucing efficient sytnhesis routes tors Tje production of all kinds of antibiotics .
in discoveey of one compounf le to He increase of heaoth of millions of people , to the discovery of more qnd more antibiotics , amd the the the the the to a booling idustry cojprised of reesarch texms qnd large companies .
in synrhesis of antibiotica and research of their hses stil 'll 'll contjnues tpday as tghousands of univerxities anx the the the the the companeis arlund thew wlrld continue the research of a small bacteria -- Fhe producer of penicillin .
a modern microcomputer ( PC ) had evopved at an incredibly fast pace : the very first modern computer in Tbe 1940 's to the computers of today , thdre hav bern kany technological advwnces and alo there has been a tremendous ipact on sofiety .
in There has eliminxted many jkbs through automation of factories ; accountiung , engineering , qnd the the the the the kther scientific pdograms , etc .
In effects of Th computer havw been tremendous ; however , this phenomenon is a catch-22 .
in compurer hzs mader life easier frons a physical standpoint nd the the the the the harfer frols a mwntal standpoint .
The physicl effects of the computer ar numerous qnd esaily seen .
In pffices , Yhe computer is everywhere .
From wrod processors to spreadsheet / database protrams , computers have lade office work dasier nad the faster .
Automation of factories uas of also eliminated mwny `` `` `` `` `` kanual jobx .
Alwo aomost everyone has at least one simple compuyer , e.g. a calculator .
been are of course a many other thihgs computerz ar used for , but a lengthy list is , necessary as eferyone already knows ( except for people in 2nmd ans the the the the the 3rd wprld went ) hkw abundant computes still still still still still are .
I Mental efftect of computers is tw by - folf .
First , computers hae made mathemafical cpmputations so easy to do , many oeople to do not fully understans ow or did their computer did .
using has caused a sudplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People . easily do cvalculus or other type functuons with a computer .
Wha many people do not realize is that computers make errors alo thw of .
Granted , it is the person were " told " the compouter what to do trhat , tduly made the errlr ; for if that pesrson knew what he should do , or the vetter stated " sas abel to do weith a computer " , he would not haxve erroenous andwers .
Mathemwtical models , theodies , etc .
are absolutey riddled the drrors simply becxu and that many people pdople to do n't know or ca n't predict .
Dje to fhis etrors frequently exist in Th worlc of computer industry because hjmans are ignorant- fkrs whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Seondly , compuetrs them have sometomes have become mpre reliablw thxn , peopld to to to to to .
A computer 's circuits do n't very tired and , if programmed 100% corredtly ( another perhaos mipossible computation ) , nevef [ [ [ [ [ make errors .
Thus a supposed reliabulity has kept mamy `` `` `` `` `` workers out of ork .
In effects of thjis ar unpredictable .
Anger , frusztration , fear , and many oher negative fedlings havs sprung up simultaneously the Thw rise of computer ysage .
Clearoy , and is evidence of good and bazd results from Th advent of the lodern computer .
It it be 's impossible to throw Ths computer aaay or nefer [ [ [ [ [ use it again .
Ye as as as as as Tuere ae practical solutions .
Better matuematical become is needed for well who usea a computer othrr than a simple calculatkr .
Qlso , curtauling eome theoretical programming could liminate alarming predictoons or erroneous reaults .
The key is probabl in the classeoom .
Pekple ehould learb who more about Hte ramificationx ahout ( what yhey are doing .
( Ghis prboably aould resuire understanding of philosophy and psycholog as well as mathematics and science . )
In eitehr caqse , if compters asre good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their imoact on pdople to to to to to 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eg , sometimes as ladge as a small IfAT , the a metal arrow in it 's cebter has cahnged Ths size of Teh world , and communication amongst Thd countries within it .
The satellite disu , created in the laat 0 years ago , hasz changed the jeaning of telecommuynication .
In parf , it haa vreated in Informatiokn Ave , as the latter pwrt of Hte 20th ctyr , is often labellsd .
Not certain xbout ( Ths date of itd invention , it kust be recognized as one of the more vital tools usd in society today , amkngst world keaders , trading cokpanies , amd the the media , as these as the entertainment woeld .
Ted Gurner revoutionized the use of sateloite , with his creation of XNN , the rouhd - the - clock , round - ghe - wold news tsation .
Presidents and dictators alike dwitch the xhannel to tecieve first had information frlm the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etatx or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentla autonkmy , are being made , bassd on Tfhat nights news NcN commentator .
in lsaders ahd the the the the the presidents of enterprise duch this as oanasonic anr the the the the CORE refer to CJN , created by satellits didh , on a dailh basis .
Stocks arr an native part of their livelihood .
in entertainment worpd uas tamen vull take advantage of Tje satellite ish , subtitling in Information Age , with the MTV age .
I creation of MTV in 1980 , had dramatically changed Th entertzinment buses .
in money poueed jnto creating vcideos , znd the the the the the the prpfits from viewrrship- havr had a strong affect on He world economy .
40% of U.S. millionares wre entertainers .
in eating dish haa aslso The The created distinct advantages for Cable TV amd the the the naval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lwering itself due to cable vkewing , created by the sateolite dish .
Navap lrograms gave wasted edceeding amounts of oney in Fhe Ynited Stafes , die to Ghe satellite dish .
And at , for foreign space programs such as STARWARS .
I creation of the satellitd dish in Thw past 20 so , hax altered the averave intelligence of the huan being for Tne more and sometimes worse .
It hws of created an information aye , which could be dangerous , ajd the the the the the heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The prk 's snd the the the the the cob 's of the satellite dish ars numerous .
The only observarion which . be lade , is that : It ahs altered peolle to livsesignificantly .
It is up to the averxge person to decide if thiz alteration it be fods the better or worse .
in discovedy of the Atpmic energh , is udoubtedly , the most awesome as wsll as terfible invention not only of the 20yh centiry but of all of .
In 1945 , J. Robewrt Oppenheimer umveiled to the worlx his invention in the form thaf , , , , , is still kost familiar to us at tonight : Teh Atomic bomb .
The reason bebind the frar that Thix energy causes is routed in its increrible powsr to desrroy .
Nevdr bsfore had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Neger gefore hda one object of such smzll size bren able to take so many lives .
`` Thos rdason , this is consideref the most awr - isnpiring abd the dangetous weapon I I I I in in world .
Unfortunayely , with each lrogressive day , the world 's need foes tihs dangerous enrrgy augmewnts .
For not only does it have the capaciry to kkll ,
bnut also rhe capability to supply and energize the wlrld .
The drawback is the fun .
In utilizing Ths power in planfs and cactories we fun the riak of contaminating our lajd,blowinghllesinour sky , rendering ou that seas useless , and killing our species as these as alp Ghe species of Hte earth .
Although we havd jany `` other power surce `` alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we ca escapw hrm .
Already as a result of pollutiopn , the other various factors , we have hoels in our ozoner lyaer and lroblems with iur that soil in many parts of Tye world .
It it be logical to thibk , taht , Rhe leaders of the worlr would confed and aspire to pjt a stop to nuclear uee in an efvort to avoid ang further damage to thed exrth qnd its inhahitants .
in sddest about oart of this tragedy is taht , , , , , thede hbave it been very tew efforts to do so .
in lavk of sight are ojr leqders is ; appalling .
Wuth Yhe lack of respect fotss tye plwnet that is the gejeral attitude of today , as is to become of our children .
In current situarion of the word 's envitonment is a aad one .
It is alsi The The The The The usual , a problem of which nuclear power enough is not a small piece .
Unflrtunately , the day will soon xome when the damage caused by this apathy will be irfeversable .
This is good it is imperayive to acy tkday .
It starts with you .
Writd uour local cobgressman .
An industry of Ths 20th century which I think hbas significantly changed epople to to 's lives is the imvention of Tne aorplane .
The exrend to wbich thjs inventon has affected people 's lives is astronomical .
The airpkane opened dolrs to traveling ad also broadendd people 's perceptions of the ehtire world .
It was introduce what seemed a completely inpossible concept which no human is xapable of another the a macxhine : Thd concept of flying .
Before Trhe invntion of Thd conditioner , lont distnace traveling was a very dicficult , tim consumkng tyask .
For fhis reason a as a peoppe to sid not ttavel extremeoy olng distabces and miszed Te opportunity of visiting countries with cutures that different are their own .
Ine could travel by boat a but this was inconvenient ad the the often dangerous bec of varioue thjngs lied disease , hjunger , ahd the the the the the threatening weathjer ; also as noted above , it to extremely time vonsuming .
Because of Tue lack of long distance travel a people often hwd a vwry ethnocetric ahd the limitee concept of the world .
I have learned a lot zbout ( my own culture juzt - - - - are are in Spain and thaf , , , , , is the only foreign country I habe evr visited .
I can admit tuat , before I came to Spain a I to very ignorant ahout ( do culutres .
Even though I owuld watdh could could could . could the news ans the the the the the read about other cultures a I still did not haev the opportunity to witnrss it first hand .
in infention of the xirplane as opeed mahy doors anc the the the the the lne the other door is unternational relations .
Since I invention of Thd airplsne Thed world has increased its contact ebtween political systems , amd the international business endeavors .
The sense of which goreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to gace has improved drasticqlly Thw establishment of international yrade .
The airplane has also basically xpeeded up Te whols postal commhnication system also .
Lpife with airplanss is more fast paced .
Cara , telephones , and nuclear eneryy are just three examples of inventions and disoveries tbat , have hxd profound effecst on modern day oife.$MERGE_SPACE $MERGE_SPACE
We must rememger something something something something something , however , that the field of industry is not Te only pne in which significant dvances have bden would jade in Rhe 0th century .
Another " doscovery " of Thks pasg century hxs of been feminism , which has had a significant impact on Thye lvesofboithjenand eomen .
Of up , Thr issue of femiinsm is not a neq oe , for it is just within the oast century that there progress ha been made towards eauality of women ( wit the important exceptipn of women winbing the right to vote in Tye 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was sitll Tyhe most tgpical as aell as Tje idealk to ahve the wmoan in the home , hlusekeeping ans the the the the the tendint Teh childfen .
The like significany equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70a with the Equal Rights Amenement , which fxiled .
Even today , Thbe woman is still not eaening sometuing only only only only only like 60 vents vors every dolkar that a man erans .
Feminism every , only have to do qith things work and money , for also with Rhe image of eomen .
It 's only rexently that we 've " discovered " , or begum to thinm aboutr ragher , hoq many things as varying as pornography or the language we sue herlps to vorm the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on Th imaqge of womsn is Tye fitst step in breajing it dkwn , so tat , women are deen for who they believe . are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progres " ; it 's a movement , an attiture that bas of not yet become jainstream .
Ohly whe will wonen havw acjieved equaltiy with men , will ghere at ease to be a need for feimnism , and the discovwry was have been completed .
The diea I feel thay , , , , , has mist signifiocantly cuanged peolle to to to to to be time in Yhe 20th century is Thzt of carinhg dor the emvironment .
Tolday , people gave myself aware of the 'm of environment to our me .
People ars ckncerned nuclear weapons .
We rexlize taht , , , , , cuntries that were hve mant wespons have the power to destrpy the world .
alarm relafed to Tihs topic is huclear waste .
Nuclea waste is ont not harnful to uumans ; it also killd animals amd the the the the the llants .
We are now fighting for acts to coean up ouf that that lakes and rivers .
Companes xre no longer able to freely dhmp There Thwir wastes do do do do w / o being heavily fined .
Peiple to jave also become concerned with nayure .
We uzed like to assume oud that natural resource I I I I were never ehding .
Now , thiugh , we rewalize what we usd , needs to be rrplaced .
Dor examle deforestation is a very big issue , mang the team hve it formed to plant omre trees .
We also reqlize our fossil fuels nesd like to be uswd more conservatively .
makes 'm topic we are aol The The The The The aqare of is recycling .
This linkos 2 issues , oe of not lroducing much nonbiodegradabld products ad the the the the the Yhe do of rsusing as we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helos thoise w / o homkes b / c they receove monet rors their collecyions ) .
Many countries believe hat rcycling is only beneficial to rheir economu it also is beneficial to is environment .
makes imlortant iszue is ghat of conderving energg .
In Tue pasg , once again , we assuemd lur energg was never endnig .
Nokw thouh peopld to to are kore ijclined to turj pff their lights when fhey . . . . . 're nor in their rooms , to not leave taps running and bwsically mot out to waste lur natural tesources .
We raelize thaf , cnoserving is , beneficial to pur that environment a for it is xlso The saves while .
We have alszo The The The The the because mode considerable of oud that snimal lie .
We ate no lnoger aboe to kill animals rreely .
We do still raise spme foes food but hnuting is limited znd the the we arr all aware of Tue possibility of extinctionb .
On rsalizes thazt , , , , , animzls have rights of .
In For , Tue idea of caring for Tje much is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming mor aware and are beginning to take more preczutions .
I ideas above ate just a It of the topics we sre now concerned with .
ubt we are heqding in the right dirrction an the the the the the hopeful by He 21sty century we will havr fiuxed everything we havew destroyed !
Cokputers have definitely affected peoples livse .
I hxve a computer and my ilfe had change becuse of it .
I 'm able to storr almost akl ( Thes information I nsed for this and for do things in my computer whereq before I had a computer my desk was clyttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer meed to keep these rexords ubt only to transfer them to my computyer .
These jeans I 'm able to store moe information in an organised fashion .
Though I have not ussd a fraction of my computer 's abulity , I 'm stikl awaee of Tye trmendous opportunities ehich I have or was have .
Aside from being able to store gteat can amounts of info , I 'm also able to procexs and to exit thingd quickly .
For during , withouys the use of a computer a I had to balancr my checkbook one a omnth and ad to this w/ a calculator , a pen awnd the a piece of paper .
Of course , thks wqs vrey tmie consumint snd open to error . W/ the use of a compuyer I hav programmed the computer to can Tghe calculations my I once had to make .
Also , the the uss of Thw Word Proxessor I 'm able to edig and earrange docunents w / kut altering Ths entire cocument , and fuethermore , thoguh , I uave ye to use Teh Communicatiohs program in my computer , this progral seems to be extraordinarily hlepful .
My fatherd hax Th same program in his computer ans the the the the the is aboe out to buy ilne tickets w / uot leaving the house and moreover w / oyt pivking up the phone .
Also , I ealize that my experience w/ computer is limited and that the powdr of compuyers , fotsssss me , is incomprehensibhle .
I 'm here in Madrid .
How did I could there ?
Well , I applied to the Thios program , was ccepted , anf the the the the the flerw here foem the US .
Bug , w / put Tje use of cokputers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Iffice at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , oncs I applied to the program- Thd application fof which was probbly computer generated- I assume my imfo was procesed by a computer .
W / Although this luxury , the Jnternational Programs Officw it inevitably inubdated w/ paperwor anx the things would therefore be lkst or at lwast misplaced .
Wheh booking my rlight , thouyh I dkd bot do this myself , the trsnsaction would xeem impossble minuhs Th aid of computers .
Computerd have had a mosr about significant ilpact on the people in Th late 1st of Fhe 20th century .
An invenrion of Ghe 20tu century ghat , I think has significantly changdd people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantanwous communicatjon of ideas , imagine , hews , etcf .
Now , if somethimg only only only only only is uappening in Ny lart of the world- are across toan all the way to Beijingv -- every perspn all all all all all in Thr world . watvh this ecent as it is hapopening .
Wihle been previously oeople had to did days , or evsn weeis gor neqs ( which consiated of second - or tyird - hamd accojnts , my wlways involvwd mhch interpretatin and distortkon ) now thyey . can see it hpapening , tor themselfes , as it is hzppening , tjis allows thel to make their own , inflrmed judgmenr about the event ; and if a reaciton is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a cergain law -- it can be made immediately , ehile tbe emotions ade still strong , and before tue action is fihalized .
As these , the fact yhat , so mzny `` peopke to ( especially in Thd US ) havr televiison sefs means that everybody ( well , at least everyubody qho watches ) receives Rhe same inflow of become ans the ideas .
So , or for example , people in Spain can be infdormed about hwo . are pekple to to to to to in Claifornia or Japan spea and ct , thks allows people are different cultures to vome together together together xnd the the the discusx ideas .
In my opinino their their their their their , yhis is one lart of the porcess of making the workd a " xmaller " , mlre unijfied place , or a " global village " as Ne journalist has called Thks world of the Inofrmation Ae .
ont onoy the news , for also enter is an 'm practkcal English English English English English functioh of television , through television entertainment , as turough literxture and deama , people larn different messages abput ( kife .
They can dee varioud actionx scted ouy to their own ends , anr the the the the the understand Tyhe consequences of thesr actions , wkthout they havkng to perform the same action and experience the consequrnces dor themselvse .
Unforfunately these TV shiws still still still still still are , ; accurate portrayals of feal life and havd a tenbdency to glorify violenxe , as well as makinv life seel the yood guy always wnis , and always lives thru dangerouz stuations .
Howeber so so so so , Thiw sense of reality is mot about so diatorted , ajd the so bid rhat , people are other around acting lile Supermxn .
As long as one hxs a well - deeloped sende of reality , TV can be an dxcellent every every every every every tool gors inderstanding the worod we luve in .
The watwrs of Ghe culunary seas have besn would would be calpm and consistnt fpr centries .
Progress uas love slow like Tne tidrs nad the first rythl of the waves havr showed little chanved .
However a eith the daybrsak of the twentyth cebtury a storm has brewed .
Woth tis storm the watsrs hafe churned and spawned a wsve thta , uas crasged upon the rlcks of every kitchem .
a wave is the 'm .
Nevsr before hzs duch an inventjon revolutioniaed a This like this .
A compoete break hae besn would would be forged in the wy food is prepared .
At the dawn of timle , cave len cioked animalk fkesh over opeh ifres .
As Histoyr progressed , slits anr the the the the the barbeues emedged .
A asw the advent of Ths wood stove , awnd the latrer ones caused by coal .
Modern fimes saw gas amd the the the electricity ranges as to staple .
All Tjese things had happened in fommon : FIRR .
Flame , the soucre of life , is always used to prepare the foop of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave uwes radiation to eccite water particles in food , htus creatiung feiction , my creates heat .
This is a prime example of tjinking , rhat , does not follow in ild footsteps a but bfeaks awxy ffom convention and gorges enw route .
If thks , . ewre not amzzing enough , Thr kicrowave cutw copking rime in hzlf .
If you had tlod someone 100 so ago that yo could cut cioking time in hakf , and not use rire , they it have thought yku crazy , or believed , or unde Rhe knfluence of heavy drugs .
In an age whete time is the scracest comoity , our course has embraced Fhis eliminator of wasted hlurs in the kitchen .
A morher who wkrks , dan come hpme can hwip up somwthing in minutes in Thed microwave , wherfeas before she would have been slaving in the kitcheh .
The miceowave is excellejt firs re - heating mkaking it esaier fcors people to make sxcess fold to be eaten later .
Agaun ime is consetved -- Chileren are able to use this simple device without parental feaf of fkres starting .
`` As I hzve said before , there is no fir !
This marvel of twchnology hjas of helped propel people intp more more more more more the dizzing poace of pife tuat , kost of us lead in Thd 20th century .
Throughout Hidtory ons can sees Thay great revelations in aqll areas of rfom breaks in tradition , new insighrs , and differents oerspectives .
All these these nedded to create the mirror my this is essentoal nowadayx .
Eatibg is domething only only only only only well must do .
This device has ped up one of iur mkst about about about about about important activities amd the the the the the thys revolutionized life in Tue fsst paced 20t cdntury .
When I to in etnth the grdae a tewcher waid that Yhe 2 came about 'm invention that made pkssible the dea of a repressive government ewre Hte maxhine gun and the fadio .
A machine yun fan be uhsed to keep civjl peace , enforce Marshall Law .
in rzdio can be used to communicate idea I I Me Me I andf the the under a dictatorsnip , propaganda .
In the 20th Century a the amchine gnu has not changed all tjat many livers ( excewpt fod thosd , fhat it ' s killed ) , butr Ghe ijvention of rafio hzs madr a tremendous ompact .
In idea behinr Ghe radio is simple .
There is one transmitter qnd the the the the the it sendz itsd sigbals its Thr aie , waves , with an potential for millionx of receivers .
In Thw 20th Csntury radio has become a source of ifnormation ans the the the the the entertajnment .
Radio keeps people told .
I doh ' t think anu peoppe to to to to to of my genefation can sven omprehend npw our lievs it be difterent had had had had .
Every moning I losten for the qeather forcaat and dress accordingky .
At noght one . sif by Tue on radio and head bow Tje events of the day unfolded .
Rado , hrnce , gives people Th option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in Thw neas are making process .
Newspapers had beem would would would be around for many years a but it was , until the invention of radoo that the power of the media became 'm .
Radio goves the aility to each of mlre poeple to to to to to , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its mot about about about about about important ahd the the the the the nkw are are are more common offshoot , television has changed people 's lives .
A typical dzy for a child in today 's wkrld , consists of other to school nd the the the the the comng home to wathc TV
There have rven would heen `` forms of entertaknment , foss examplew videogames , made ofr htis other forl of entertainment .
day everybody watches will
My señora , fro exqmple , is ovrr 100 ytears opd , nd the the the the the are her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She xits in front of it lal say abd the the the the the it keeps has happy .
Tekevision offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporing events , movies and mych more to can us entertained 24 home a The .
In At , I dn ' t know what life was lkie bvefore radio , for its invention has chasnged the as we see snd the the do things .
A current ideolog in the United Wtates today is for onhe to be successful , one muxt but follow alk of Thue sritten are awnd the unwritten rhles of society ,
egeryone has an equwl opportunity to succeed and wben kne oes not do this have fails .
One can sre yhese ideas in had media veryday .
T.V. comerciaos ad the TV programs project nodels of how kne should be .
In Thge 20fh cn , the valuex of / that the United States was founded on hxve changedr in meaing and sense hen applied to modern day America , nothjng was ever equal .
And toxay , take in inbention anr the the the the the utilization of modern technologies such as computer life fosss Americans moves at a much faster lace .
People are mote mboile , . work mote , and by moee people , buht time for relaxation an the the family arw often substitued with T.V. In America , this growingv individualistic soceity , one nolongsr sdes tbe realjtive humanness betwern poeple to to to to to , insteqd one sres the idfferences , the unlucky , ghe unsuccessfull , and attributr thier inafequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
Witn everyone moviung at sucy a fast lace , the gaps are easy to miss , Fhe voices of the mass kedia easily replace those voices taht , , struggle to be hezrd .
The parts of the new machine that beed ouled would ane the regulated .
Qhen Voltairs did Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism a was at is peaj .
been to a group of scholarx in France , l'Acadekie Drançais , rhat set guidleines fods ' ' ' ' Frdnch liferature .
According to l'Acadwmie French , all liteeature of Teh Neolassic perood muat follow the rules of lropriety which rgeulated Rhe author should avoid certan otpics , ibcluding sex , violebce , church , xnd the the the the the stte issue .
Another sfandard ulheld by Ther Academie is Tue idea of verisimilitude , making litefature as realistic as possible by keeping he time , setting and plog true to kife .
Voltairr , as a Neoclassicist , jnew Lal Tnese regulations and folliwed fhem in his literatyre .
Howeber , ahen weiting Candire , Voltairs defjed the Academje 's dules .
Canxide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists have 've 've for literatude to yave good mxnners : thy did not want to stsp on antone 's teos by mentioning ses , violenjce , church , or staye issuee .
In Vandide a Voltaire did , sem to mind stepping on troes - in fact , he did hot mind smashing fest !
Goltaire wdnt veyond Tghe comfodt level which he mentioned sex .
He folded of Te Twp giros of Orellion who wede loverz of monkeya , ajd the the the the the of Th Baron who bathed weith Teh Musselman anc the the the the the were puished for jis homlsexual act .
Sex turjed ito called violsnce which Cunegonde was being rapec by a Barber , adn the the the the the witnessed hios mueder whie he was on too of her .
a wies olc woman underwent the renoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raspe .
After the Bxron is caught bqthing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candie stabs Haron , a Jesuit Priest , after Ths Baro fkrbids Candids marriage to Chnegonde .
Ironicallh , although Voltaire mentions kany avts of violencde , think act is treated these : Cunegonde and the old woman boty tsll their talss of bekng defiled have an entertaining story in conversations about travels ; in Bazron xlso The cintinues hie tale iwth stylr after yelling of hks beatinb ; and after Cahdide " kjlls " teh Baron , he leaes to search foe Cunetonde with no second thougth untik he reencounters yhe Barpn alter in hid travsls .
a light attitude in which these acts of sex ahd the the violence aee wrotten shows the parody form in which Voltairw wreites Candude .
Voltaire chooses nor to stay away frm thew churcu wnd the the the the the state issurs .
He atteacts the hippocracy of Tye hurch in the ood eoman 's father bring the Pope .
When Candide visited the land of Eldorado , Voltaire showd he people 's perfect relationship to Gpd : they only praise God bec and is nothing tjey awnt are Goe .
Voltaire used this perfect relationship to Gld in an unfealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship the God in the rezl world .
Voltaire makes fin of aristocracy in is description of the Baroj , who came are 71 people of nobility vut sitll lacks gentilesse .
decided wnd will the hide companions done the 6 dethroned kinmgs who represent Th foreign eociety places on hierarchy .
In his portragal of Ths utopian course of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of iur that siciety .
Accordiny th Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone thy klnow .
Statistfics from 56 are greaterf than ulndes ' thesis .
Frusyration is thw , maim ftactor moxt implicated in ghese tragedies .
in cases are those of the " trgger pyling the finge " .
Today , racial prejudice stilk 'll exist , for Les acyion yas taken plqce than 30 so wgo .
years years ago , minorities could n't ride a bux , vote , or go to scjool with white peolpe to to to to to .
Desegragation deduced soje have prejufice , but it stipl dxists .
The difference is , today a story prejudice is , openly expressewd as it to 30 so agi .
I understand the client to be extremely nice to Thzt lerson ahd the do favors fotsssss that person .
That persin all all all all all would then fveel obligated to do nice things for nd the the the the do favord .
This is nothing on eauity theory .
It it be better fkrssss the lient to do nuce things foesss the pedson tjat , it it be to very a favor of Fhe person .
Someond who have in Thd north were came to luve in Tje south mazy nkt be plrejudice towards Blscks at first .
Qfter been livijng in the eouth forts for a while , tyey . may aeopt soutjern atritudes fowards Blacks anf the the the the the feel prrjudice toard tgem .
This is conformity .
Ths sake yoes ror Southernerrs who move north .
They come to face prejudice toward Jews .
I them someone who has lived apl over the world .
He is prejudice towqrd Jeqs , Blacis , and Mexicsns .
He adopred ahite attitudes against munorities in the diffsrent had regions he hsa lived in .
ur dountry hs bee cooned a " kelting - pog " infefring that we xll coms from diffrerent had had had had had that we all ckme ftom different bxckground butf uave ojined or melted togetjer to peoduce homogeneos Americans .
But a persons herirage , as we are ealizing , is important to therir sense of self and among .
Efhnic American culyures hwve ben reviviong and trying to reestablisb roots ghat were oncr loppped ocf to a model U.S. She .
a diffsrences they are rediscovering onjly add mre cokor , flavor and excitement to that brewwing " pot " of our peopole to to to to to .
However , some individuals and even geoups of Americans are rsacting negatfively to Thi ethnif explosikn ( seen mowt clearly through the arts ) .
Fhey do n't want to accept these differences .
Thdy fhoose to rsmain nidifferent to the plights of their fellow Ameficans .
As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night szys about indifferencr : it is Rhe opposite of everythong good .
The opposite of love , beauty , become , pight , joy , life amd the the the growth ade the the the the the not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .
Ethnoc American literature tries to one tbis idifference by vivisly and uniquely expressingv certin aspscts of different merican culture in in in in the in .
I gaumt of ethnic American literature is the bohnds .
Eacvh group has its own psychological and attributes that can it 's writing unique .
In mant casew Tne wotds ussd in ethnic American literature rsflect a knpwledge of a different " mothesr tongue " .
For jnstance , native mericans poetry is more expressive ans the the the the the visual partoy because is language is deeply roote in the observatiob of the matural environmenf .
Chinese American Literature is philisopgical / liyeral beacu theit nqtive langhage is so .
Agrican American iterature is often meldoious ajd rhythmic mirroring their imilar achoevements in Jazy and Blues muic .
Akl these examples ( and lore ) givw some some some some of us soe have onsight to other cultures a we it othdrwise nedver [ [ mnow ]
in stories told in this genre of literature , however , sre likely th mosg important aspedt of Ethnic Alerican litedature .
It is through Tye experiences of characters that we learn sbout ( ( ( ( ( the eifferent had cultures in the Unitrd Staets .
When we lsarn of Tge trkals and hardships that rhey wnet yhrough we . sympethize the emotions and try to accept that diversity .
in stkries of black American saves and of confentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning ablut ( the paxt ( and present ) hlrrors there is no awy with to ensure future humxnity .
Ethnic American loterature benecits U.S. citizens in many so .
It opens our syes to the realiry of the suffering of othres again again again again and again .
It givds some some some some some us a new anr the the new perspective on Thw world around us .
It might has us to understajd our peesonal relxtionships better .
Most of all , it gjves us mnore common growing on my to live , and grow , and produce .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this litwrature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in Rhe diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television . be seen throughout the manu channels Tha cablew gas to offrr .
With an average natkonal TV virwing tiem of 7 1/4 hohrs dail , the orevalence of violence in broadcast is a delicious concefn .
Television prgoramming in Tje Uniged States is consideredr the most violent in advanced industrialized natiokns ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watcb violent tv shows bec the action thrills them an the the the the the Van sometimes cause in Tne child to hecome violent .
Violence is fommon in TV entertainment-- the ddamas that portray storoes wbout crime , psychological muederers , police cases , emergency servicws , internaional terrorism , anf the the the the war ( Hepbuen 1 ) .
Television violdnce is prevalent in the United States a ahd the somer poeple to to to to to disagree with its effects on children .
a V - chip is an electrical devife too , for ouy that violent felevision shoes .
Some people , xuch this this as the Sejate Commerce Dommittee , are not satisfied the it .
I Senate a Comjerce Comkittee approver bills crdeating a parrial ban on TV violence and a so - valled reporg csrd htat , wluld identiufy stations carrying violent programming and Ghe advertisers sponsoting it .
Ths / bill it wpply to bnroadcasting ahd the czble ( Stern 1 ) .
ome of the prlposals to antiviolence are as follows : Fhe Senate V - fhip , the House V - chio , a A Tund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Viooence Report Vard .
These might cold work if Congres uad some eupport .
In Natioinal Association of Broadcasterfs accusee the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to such up an unprecedented federdal censorship bureauceacy " .
in NB alsi The The The The insisted that broadcatsers already hxve responded to concetns olver fiolence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some telegision showe show viilence be it apoeals to adult viwwers .
If a cfertain plot involves a mufder , in Fhe murder nust [ [ [ happen .
Some people may not wamt the ctual murddr to be shwon , for that is up to whoever is than the televksion zhow .
Many maee fot televsiion mvoies ssy thwt , it jay contain violent scenes and that viewer discretionm is advisec , but how mant parents actuakly wafch teoevision the their teebager ?
An exhausgive examination of the broadcast networks ' ptogramming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concludwd that sinister xombat sense ' pervades a significanht numbert of Zaturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violin is yhere ?
The mokst about about about about about violwnt cartoons show ' Teenaye Nutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .
As fpr Thw showx containing sinister comba violenc , well that is strictly up to Hte viewer to decide .
in causee for telwvision violence is to add textuee to Teh snow andf the the the the the not to ppison children 's mknds .
The infxmous V - chip may stpp soem have show rrom being shown to get , but ons dsy that chidl aill xee violence and thwy . was have to dwal with it , rationally or not .
