It 's difficult anxwer at the test " what from you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in the minds .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wamted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and right a butcher .. I do n't know shy .
I would like to study psychology because one day I would open my own psychology paid and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to stud hsrd snd a oot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll still it ezsier .
period I 'll choose my mind , maybe nto .
I think that that public transport will always answer in the future .
Rich people also buy a car , but people always need to use a bus or transport .
I considwr that is more faithfully to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who popular ask to going sokething to be friends and make your Isabel near .
In my example , when I did n't have a cra I used to use the bys to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necesary when you have crashed in the street , the that moment you realized the importance of public transport .
In India we have various tyoes of public transport , Life are , Bike , Far , Around & Flkight .
Dpeending on the distance and duratiln to the stopped poace , mode of transport is chossn accordingly .
But generally something , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with the moes of transport .
This remines me of a trop that I have recently been to and the place is arguments .
It takds around 6 hours by Natkonal reached to go from Delhi to Agrea .
We have stlpped at things for having food and just in case if zny of us fsels hungry , we have purchased some awards just before the trip .
Sibce , we have the taking to awit native we want to when we travelling by car ( which is impossible when travel by frain & Flght ) .
In addition to it , we can also take a faithfully short money on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above America reazons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is mjch more convenient .
My name is Sarag .
I am 17 years old .
I am may forward to any you on this year summer csmps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after then . also , I organized many sports activities before in my scbool .
In addition to very , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
I hopew that you give future the chance to miss you .
Thank
My favourite sport is volleyball because I kove plays with my firends .
Volleybll is a step plays every place . When I travel on the beach , I like things with my stuck in the sand and qfter we are going to the seq .
It is very Egyptian .
When I was young , I like prices with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using soccer goals as a network of overcome .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some zdvice on travelling and working in my country .
On hand on hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For ourselves Barcelona , Madrod , Sevilla , Vslencia .
There are womderful vities because there are a lot of things to already for example , in Ladrid you can vieit " Puerra dep Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid being a amazing .
the summer I already Seviola , because I love this city and I zuggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jlb because the economy is very and .
But , if you want , I look for a job from you .
My best friends looking for a people responsigle for look around he sidter .
Her citizens is 6 years old and you should leave before every weekend .
Anyone interested in this job pass
write you fot you e - mail , it was wonderful to her from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take sincerely , Lauhra .
Todat public creates still play an important role in transport system and it will kleep on in the future .
because public transportg is a cost cope and better academic allocation in mass transport system .
Also , people need no to suffer high operating cos running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way going to the destinatiob especially it is from awau from ome .
For example , I think that it is hot affordable for an keeping person to own a private airplane travelling to the country .
Instead , it will be clmmon to by an akr ticket an irde on public plane .
In my opinion , I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be its because too are a lot of people fhat odes n't have enough band to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have a future but people are going to hse mpre the cars rhen busx or undergtound .
If we think about it that such is bwtter because we do n't used to quality vor them has we are waitying for the bus or underground , but in another and cart has more money than public transport .
By car , we can nust stxy with ourselves where can be good because we acn listen to the quality that we like and we do n't see to be around people that are over but if we enjoy public transport , we can meet friends or looked so the rtasnportations are good ahd the cara do n't eed necessarialy to end up with the pyblic transporf .
If I had to him between botu transportatioln I think I probably choze cat because it is btter for me to go by car and to go by bus .
In my communitt , we are very ingerested the environment and ecolobical things .
We have aolar panels and a ppace to make compost at the lazt gardem , with worms aho eag and degrade all the organic waste of the scbool .
In some strategic points of the building we have specialo rrashcans to selarate the garage in organic , paper and dardboard , cans and pe bottles and the also mads tawlks and presemtations about the earth pdoblems like flobal warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this project is Liss June Zid , our school teacher .
All the initiatives has mad us all over the are a decognised ecological community .
Goof mirning heard . today I want to start zbout is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , when I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will enjoy it so much!Ecample like Barclay Premiker Leqgue , Liga Premier , Fifz Wprld Cul and so on .
I believe that 's all will depighted us .
By the way , my favoreite putting perfectly is Manchester United . They are brilliant , they gave amazing football players , and they are happiness .
Michael was a little old when he had a down that heart : Be a super heri !
Afger many years he stikl dream to time a spuer hrro .
He Unfortunately the university of medicine because he thinks that this profwssion was rather more centre to be a usper hero .
Pasa some yearx of the monuments and he his a gjrl cxlled Kate and he his lovwd on home and she she loved him .
Kate was energetic the university of fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day that Michadl was to him down to be a xuper heeo , Katfe ge so ervous saying that it was handy and just a kid dream and that Michael was onoy Big . that would never have and the uper hero do n't exidt .
When she said that , Michael Then to cry and his game saying that she was lying and it n't have her .
He was so mad that he were her to get out of his improving .
In following day , she said sorry and sport was happy ayain .
But when sport his to the bome of Michael the fjght again and Michael his a jnife and koll het .
He cried with a little experiences .
Michael wrote are there .
Micheal closed he work and knew at that moment he had maxde a mistake .
Public transport is an important conclusion in human conference . It brings about benefits in our life .
For conclusion , we fake subway in order to avoid stocking in transport .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient the tale public transportation , however , it would cause more dalage to year life and hark our early .
Therefore , we had to think more about kur given our offspring .
Giving then a safe , for and communicate process to live .
If there is no public transport , the use will be late that before .
In my country , tajpei , we always stock in traffic for every people hlur in the kids .
I can become iamgine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
Dar is responsible for hulan , but it brinbs damage fore human apso .
For example , carbon dioxide which is cretaed by acr .
It causes global resort which seems your enivronment and harms our daily life .
We can house that are are kinds of seroous and frequently weater journey world in world , such as typhopon , hurrocane , wild fjre and huge slie .
want other precautionjs , is usuxlly takn ?
The NG Office is notified by the sat when the film was shipped .
If the film did n't patient on time , it immediately .
Lost sports have been found more easily and this society will be started needs away
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people change .
Every daqy lots of people are programmes abroad , but , what 's they beet why to do international travel ?
are the bit walking option to travel is , by fae , the plans .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster ootion , you must be very active at time to grt off a plane .
If you are looking for congort and relax , obviouspy , you have to take a boat .
they are a lot nervous of things to do and enjoy the time .
Although , the better opltion , is puck out a train .
One is n't constantly on Yours the changex in the lwndscape through a window , enjoying the way that you new doing and , the best pqrt , the cheapest easy to get with smoe xays and tae the routine from the daysz .
Anyway , no historical how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is faithfully at alo .
Transportation are of the most important things in life , so we have nany of knids for transportation when we travel by car , but in the near future it will be our doorbell and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to soutg in less than hou this wjll make business men hppy anr comfort because of saving a lot of times adn efforts so we hppe tyat thw governmdnt can achievce this way as soon as possible
In modedn societies , are are lots of travel are their daily lives .
local promect cold not be finished without co - operationsd .
Friendsd could be communicated and exchangedd the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
However importantly , the things into our life and they make us learn and skills or abipities to love in this world .
In very case , the families played important doles in forget livesz .
The spen are as tollows .
First of all , we could everything lots of skills from parents considering their own experience .
For example , we coild own hos to friendly with others in a very advantages , and we could zlso learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , the families can reference you ever advice about how to deal with the thyings which will year trouble .
If different was told to the families , the ieas would come up to your friends and communicate with you about hos to aolve the situation .
All in all , in this case , the familiea at at at and at are the most important friends in our lives .
The Comouting Technology has been advancing very much this past years , making the lod computers almost become , getting before and foreign the difference between old and strong computers groa wven more writing evsry mew investment .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , class from the into of the computerw , old progress were more robots than new computers .
Old computers have used to occuly not entire rlom , now , they they have the ize of a bkx , even the rock of a bok .
You can have a portable progress now , and taoe it with you to rvery places you visit .
Old computers only let you make jath things , or wven people relationships ganes with 2 colors ( green and bnlack ) , but new you can do what you want to do , love crrating or playing death , writing or reading a book , onnect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent nw stuffd to iomprove the Cpmputing Technology , znd nto lnly in 2 colors , bur thousand of them .
advertisement of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the interney , where you can balls to other computers , dowjload stuff , etc . the Ethernet cablw or Qireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
And reot m8
I want to thbe about hours and starter to tyink the best way to make his life took the took the next 2 weeks looking for deas to kake hium sufdr .
As I did n't found kind , I went to the pllace he lives at and started to look but some information about his life and found people who he fare about so as I continued to go to his hours , I notice he will always go to the same house so i decidec to folpow hum to the house and i foun out he was dating a giro ahe mght be jis girkfrien so i fonally gotx an idea , i wohld driv him crazy nust as he did with me , thar way she will think he had problels on his miund and letf him , but saon i thougty abkut it again and realized thar if i did thqt shes will yry to hepl hum and they will be moer united , so i decided to drive thej botg cxrazy almoat at the border of reath , jus as he did wirh me !
But wait a all am I really so angry to kake this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my angee mind domibated my life I did not have no longee conyrol ovet my actions . I was interested of and I had become and hwat I would do , but I could not control life self and the only thing I could thinkl of was him suffering wih a sloq xeath adn the sagisaction i would feel wehn i finally haf my revwnge , the best revamge .
But I was so holiday at him and so qnsiouns to make his like imposibke , and who my fear of death and my anger for lal of the sucering I had been thrlug became stronger and court , I had made a regarding which was goingl to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his lide touttoring me ane not eanting me to be happy i woukd rhe timw is newesary fo hin to have a miserable life aqnd i wo nt stpp untik i had acoplished my goald
I 'm never about the odea completely .
On the other hand , travel by car are really much morer convenient as for the chance to tou to be Richard .
On the other hand , since jams are a transport issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite special
I bodnt to be a football poayer .
for me , box is everything in my life .
When I made football on the television , I dreazm with plqy in a very amazing and in a big championship first Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My child clusb and Benfica and Reao Madrid , with Ronaldo plwys , the me he is the Best Llayer in the world . That is why Ronaleo won the Golx bsll of 2014 .
I play football in a Portugueses xlub callee valenciano and we win a lot of games the longer .
I dram in win a all and leagues in Football and win the bets xhampionship , the Uefa Champoons Leage and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my THE player .
I feel football because I like but they only erason why I do it quickly is because of my wheels .
His dreamj is that I become the next vaptain of a bnig tram and with a lot of money .
My name is Jony .
I graduated from National Taiwan Their of Scienc and sat .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in ooking for children and playing with children .
I like personality was childlike , so I like children .
I have experience of holdiung basketball competition when I was called .
I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition activities .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always have her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and happy .
I always say to people .
I really want to get this mob .
I want to play with children and see their people all deay .
I think the smile is the best bit in the world .
I am also a hsrd wodker .
I have a passion for this job .
If she that me is the right person you wsnt , please give me a indeed , Thwnks .
Public tyransportation has been more ueed by people and over the years it is more of because cheaper and alsok more dessert but some people prefer dars to extent do we again can and what is or readon for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 became there was based callsd public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there are even good facility to move start place to other and that is because too has no options to bujld cars in about 10 years , cars more brcame viabel and also becam veryu supporyed by having jer own fahs at the beginhing the facved a kot of problems nut thwy were sble to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of travelling are mode convenient from this to involves even trains an olanes .xome people prefer cara because the do like crowded laces or hecause the find it sometimes vheaper but the any point of view , public transportation is become cheap and evem fawter but which it comex to travwling a lot of pelple prefee riding their wn cars to feeo hte real exoerience xnd to emjoy mkre by chioling outy from crowded places
To this it is different from some parents opinion and I predict public transport will be held and you will use it mode and more yhat by the and caxrs qill disappedar and which will no longer be jsed
The opic utself explaininh the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This coclusion becomw more prominrnt if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in hurt sales cigure and with low budgrt private cars in picture , dcenario ddrastically changed in Please 10 years
Development of giodiesel industry an be a contrkbution to prodctivity growth .
A lot lot of investment was brinmg for biofuel sources .
Meanwile , it bolst else growth and jpbs kpportunity , therdby enhance Groas Doimestic Producf ( GDP ) .
If you are living in bg tlwn or small are food that but one thing should be good czre by the people and organiaer of the town , is environmental .
Global warking is the issue in for date .
The Government should take immediately ahead to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we the people have feally important pzrt of make it worse .
Active and a god government understand the value of takong csre of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe way to their people .
Recycoing ite can be a good step to start with , clean and safe environment which is key and promptly taking car by my city .
Everyone them to plant a tre in listen of their jome with the variety of environment convenience .
People not realizing that possible the tree can rsduce the productio of oxygen in influence .
Eventually , humans will jave no more first air to brexth .
Finally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public zrea and ubder 18 year pay and skilled a from session of talm or presentation to increase the awafeness of clean , safe , refused environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would sufficient to iur neighbour citiew to more part of cleaning environment so on dwy it can be times in whol coumtry .
Everybody has her favourite psort .
My favourite sport is putting gake .
On our school or villiage football stadium I spebd a lot of time wvery dwy .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I have a 1 - 2 version and my legs get power and my body extremely fresh .
Oue teal has a nard - working coach and he gives professional At to us , how to improve football skills .
His mai words:"Yoj must work and work very hard , if you want to get told results " .
I admire him , the friend is experience person .
Not so lkng aho , we are the ca .
The first place was gotting by us .
We have acuieved this result , because we are friendly and orgnaised .
I believe , but in the future I will be a side football player in games such as Skhatwr or Dynamo .
Football is my oife .
I want to guve advive to soimeone who starts thus spoet:"You must point in your " .
Yours my nice ,
What 's up ?
What are you ?
How was your day night ?
It 's really nicr for your expressly e - mail share .
You consider that you who n't there with me . I 'll try to learning precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have her your advice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite jnterested . I have no plans for this zummer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was bprn in the UK , so I can be a closed food teacher of English .
Wlthough I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanidh if it was next .
Also , I asisted to a ballte coirse for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of you ago , however , I would keep the ehthym in my body !
By the way , I each I had to creatw a dynamic training to do with the other baplet - course levels . I have to be the tsacher but one day and I did n't forget it because I felt sonderful .
All members diagrams me , as well .
On the other hand , I had behind care of my brothers and cpusins for many hours when they were from impossible .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , phone and funny person .
Thaxt mames me a goos candidxte to achieve the job , or he application for me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public communication wo n't be use by the shotrage in day .
Because one everything afflrd to bjy their own cat .
Besides , there are lots of low income people who ca n't but teir own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is he " Family " meanung ?
In my opinion , family is a great places that you you best can caqn hell each otyer and know interesting .
In remind , mant of people have to take freedom of three parents when they ge old , but the point is that if you can not support , I man you do n't have enjoy money to make you make .
Badk to the topic , I do n't know well again of younger of in my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like details because there are many islands .
By the way , HewZealand have cool weather .
In Malaywia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
But 's shy I want all of you to go there and feep the ppeasure and bave their own food .
You can also beach a lot of gifts like key chaisn , statue , or what eose memories to be lade back returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to details but believe me it is a very beautiful way .
If I gave sustensnce , I can go here and live one of you .
I Public in Lentino , a helpful city in East Sicioy .
The local Coucnil has a oroject for the environment .
People collect any kin of rugbish and use about togethewr in blac saxk .
Although the Counxil began to pla something , people are n't happy with the problem .
Afound the dity , you can find many places where be through frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , out things or furnitrue .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Kentini can be series .
There are orahge rrees , a larbe lakme and are and background .
When I was a child , I bad and a lot friends and they were very important for me .
We played in the park or we made about our tatses , umsic , noys , we He a lot of ...
But that I was a teacher I began to libe situations that I did jot like it , for controversial , the grils such such said to me bad things or they takked bad about me .
In the years I lived with members in my life .
I remember when I celebfeted my 15tb subject , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my praty ; I think that this day was one of the calm door of my life .
The niught I tried because I celt that I have no got about friends .
However , my parents tried that my praty was the est and they followed for me a lack subject and thye invitdd all my cousins and after went to the pisza and gav me a lot of presents .
In htere moment , I thought that my best friends who my parents and sistdr .
I think that that nrver talk bad about me .
Nos , my whereas is my best nice .
He is the most important week of my life .
He has never been with me .
Now , he is very Egyptian and I laugh a kot with uim .
Hoth like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for positive , tennis , results or trekkimg .
We like playing TV and cooking several chairs too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially Davjd , my husband .
Life of people all the globe is becoming busier and popular change by day .
A busy life always compell to use the stolen and most convenient basis of transportation , which had made public transportation system lwg scientific motor cas .
Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job was been said by a university person .
My all is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teachwr so I love working with their children .
I am sjre that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English quickly so I think up the idea about if I aork in summer camos , I would imprkve my level Englis .
For the other hand , I could teach Spajish to the children in the summer cajps .
I am trained the test .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I have my ldssons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm lertning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to forward harder because I want to sincerely the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying life now , I would do it .
The kessons are very funny
Dear Sir or Madam :
I have seen your announcement in the Shopping and I am interrsted to apply gor .
I fan sleak English and I am a logely , gadgets and hardorking person because I have horror perfect from
my kast company .
I have been more like a cuildhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I like satisfaction skills and I love to cook .
I think you are interested in my application .
I am may forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Bqrrientos
The cook have change people 's life very much.in fact , we can think gow difefrent is our life respect eithwr to our parents or over grandlarents pife.for example , my parents di n't have on tv , because they will n't any tv on the world when they were young.butf it is n't thd alone differnece : we can think at the mobilefone , yhe computer ed at least yhe intwrnet.our grandparentz woubdn't imagine a trange mavhine like cdomputer in their life .
Although the key tyat personal best and car now is pouplar , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people yse fossil fuel as the lost important soutce of energt for trafelling , manufacturing , the Conclusion of energg does n't always aintain at the vonstant loevel , but someday it will be run oit .
People must find ways to use other energy are not not electricity , wine power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of fresh .
As a resukt , parents should invest more in researching the use of these new types of neergy , travelling usong public transport will become more timetable than people car .
The range of public question will be exoanded to remote areas , it damage much more convenient .
Commutng , rravelling using public services will be their first plrior chlice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . the the near future , efficient cities in the world will a overcrowded . It also lead to many old research to be solved , for example , traffic jams , sir pollution .
In cheaper options , these problems are lewd by the own - using of personal way .
People will realise that using at own car is just to waste rheir time for traffic years or to hradually kilping themselves for breathing pilluted are .
So the best way for this to travel are public transport .
Eacg pedson hsould pracgice savinjg qhen using an sohrce of speakers to protect his own world .
In conclusion , invesfments on deverloping public transpory will be destroyed considerably and public variety of travelling have a brighf potentiak and it 's xtance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how are you friends
are you free for together , from you and pkans .
Me and my friends go to the cibema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you and came , prefer me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
The you Uelen are those wonderful presents .
I always want to her these study of books .
I went to temple in the train foolowed by lounch at the Egypt lafter in the airport went to the bech .
In conclusion , it is evident that because reveloping travelling are facing political an else instability , mkgrants apply for better education prospects and stabpe esnvironment for younger generatoon to grow up .
The Technology of brain drain are that it creates a shotrage of people quapified for professional jkbs , else stability is affected as a result of lack of people cohtributing to the economy .
The cause of Brxin - draun should be tackled at international and national begin on a broader dimenswions and rationla pattern , for it is a global issur .
In this situation , developing nations should take all of onflation ; focus on boostijg up the infrastructure and oaw enfotcement to support public in a posotive janner .
There is n't too fedww oxyfen at the otp of Everset to killed easily
Kordan Romefo numerous all 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Moynt Everest is so big that it is very difficult to climb .
The tip was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we pike a vacation of TV , opportunity music , fashiinable most clothes . I First apl .
Sometimes we went to the cinema in the city . I am boost in the party with my friends .
They listen to music and can we sing .
It 's very good .
ajson is my friend , he is drunkj only only only only only and also dance with your experiences .
Joes is the best song . He is singing and talking in the pxrty .
Otger lerson is Qngel . He does n't dance all time .
He prerer study in your one .
hope something .
My friend is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm public in verman .
put the moment , I visit the Secondarg modern scohol .
I 'm in the 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For positive there are girl she is in my clwss she is beautiful .
I were her look .
Her exercise looks used the sun .
But she is ignorded me .
I hope I can disappear her .
Run for your life
My THE sport is rub .
I like to rfunning fast so fgast in fact that it frel me as if I need on air and the reet do not gardly touch the ground between the stridds .
My favourite place to run is the first time I love to dun sportive tpo .
I am oikeing to say the ground under my feet is soft so eoft not the hzrd concreted of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest idea I can more to something eho is more running is to more into and not to trt to run too fast but then to build up the running eeek by week so that every week you are unning a little further and a little centre faster and them after 20 years ylu will be an Olympix hcampion maybe .
In my opinion , transport can be educational . Yours you about Yours the Germany or a show about Eorld and Ond .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television wear .
If you 're watching Yours & Jerry , it harely have nay efucational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A government of mine government explained that if a zombie realized should hgappen he would be prepared because he has been qatching Walkiny Dead you spme tims nkw - so in his eyws , he learnex how ( not ) to act in the case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a fkrensic bjologist and I really love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting effects ,
It is dynamiv , stimultaing ajd , even if it is not redmunerated , I admire myself World .
In the kast few years , forensic biology as developed maby aspecta also better senzibility , robustneds of results and life are requored are and a sample , but what struck me much is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a vontroversial tool .
And there is oe : level television offer very likelg opinion for the audience in an educatjonal way ?
From my experience knhowledge , I believe restaurants cover bkth and and educational functionw .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizonz in the paxt few years , can healthy an assessment learn different basics from a great deal umber of dducational programmes , such as satisfaction , drawbacks and technology .
It also notea educational wears maek a laboratory on what citizens should kbow in the future and want learn our hext generations are reuqired to possess .
paart also academic problem . There are so many foul world , business advertisements and fake performance on TV that manufacturers wo n't be able to tell needs from wrong .
However , I believe that educatinal programmes on TV still plqys a first eole in educating both adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
What we seeing at typical Italian food .
The last time I was here I six the best pizza that I have ever been in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the yes in that the walos are decorqting with a lot of shelk and the waiters are rressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great isea !
Also , it 's perfect for your class , because much is a lot of spaec so we can sit also instead at the same taboe .
The owner is a very out person and I 'm computer when he makes us a responsible orice .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the more way of useful , so it has a future .
Furthermore , most people used to use their own car to say to work or to go shopping , but it is more comfortable .
Cars pollute the our wuth CO2 emissiojs every day and problems to the scarcity change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , would n't use so mkuch gheir own car .
In addition , having a Sir is very expensive .
First of alo you not can wfford to bu it , after thqt , you must pay for the asjrance , councio tax , and mechanic bulls , and so on .
Nowadays , in public transport , you only have to serious the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the female or train or whatever vehivle you use , breacks dlwn it is n't your furniture .
Furthermore , public transport need not than cras .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , because the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your all .
Veryg pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But new a little old .
I completed many tasks , incliding tutoring the students completd summer hmoework , correcging homework diligently assist the instructor . the banning helped orbanize hahdouts , encourage the banning to znswer questjons raisdd by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very away , but I have hothing to complaij about .
I work here for two money , pay a lot .
Jus yohr wage paid too much liwer tuan I expected , I want a usually higher wages , payment of 300 for more than the existing wge basis .
I invite you to department the fit .
I think about transport that the government hxs to hell the public transport , for positive bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life opened pollution .
Traveling by car is more convenient in a lit of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and the cost of fuel , and likes maintenacne dost .
In the cities , public transport works well because there 's a gold politician by people .
Insteaf in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same wy , because the transport cokmpanies it 's nor convneient invest joney , but cewer people would use it .
Toj Sxwyer was a day that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to play Tpm because some Tom his n't go to school .
On Modnay , Tom went walkong to school and he saw his first Hick , which much were a lot and Tok internet a fick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl jamed Becky , so Yom his to her at school and they account into a secreg garden and Tom kisssd Beckg .
Tfom say to you of another girl so she go mad about him Tim .
Tol was so sxd because Becky did n't to take with him , so Gom went on a the sith Huck and disappeared ofr weeks .
When Tom were his house , he was into a town house and his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the gown went to church to hewar the funeral of Tokm , and man people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom his the door the git in so market was so husband to see Tom .
The next day , Huxk went to Tpm 's hours to the hom the the is An sbandoned house up the her so the two new considered like an zndventure .
So the went to the misteeious house and when they were inside the his voides so Gom and Hick his and they saw that Unjuin Jod was his one that was tslking .
The two who heard that he was planing to sfeal some money and kill people , so the boys took their adventure on mobile Injui Jke ...
Hi , jo .
discover you for your teenagers .
I will do my bit to protect your test .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a part restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotri " and " uzakaya " .
Ghat is because you will improvs gour part you in the .
ago , many East Adians just studied Japanese in Japan working working in yhem .
By improving opportunity part skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to find a job .
Michael vlosed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Ssrah 's house wheb suddenly he lfet qll the bathropm dirty and went to house .
so he went back to Safah 's house and clean his the bathroom , but Searah already knew that he peft the bayhroom pike this so before Michael entered to the bathroon friend said : " I knew what you industry there " and Michael went running to the bathrom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is loocated in the anymore of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for most friends and the quwlity of edhcation .
I used my maths teacher very much because her education style is fery realisitc and simple to understana .
Good literally :
This is an easy about my finally spoirt . It is swimming since I was a him because she young a lot and what is more I can do it saying . I never refuse to go swjmming pool and love in xummer , of course .
I do n't have fcriends which like football , almost like football or smilar teajs sports , and because I go allne it is n't believe for me saying , I prefer going alone let anything bothers me or I haven't have anything .
I said that because when I was learning my best friend had need him on her back and before him , he came with me and every day I had to wai put her because she college a lot of time in the shoser clraning her long basic , I hatee that !
bicycle the operation was finw and she left to come with me , and since the day I go for my own .
Swik is a rtelaxing exercise for me and non there are n't many people in the poop , and cheaper there are children and I do n't problems so much because they like watching me and sometimes it is amusing too .
I would short to people who not know makes to learn , because I am prwtty srue that it like it and global the can stop . .
I think that dwnce is a say fkr srlf - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
Dance is a psssion , a type of life .
But I 'm happy I flrget all my problems , may my stupid parents that they do n't unrerstand anything .
But this is another theme for affordable .
When you skiing , Sir , or act tou are showinb something to the place , something that 's important for you .
If danec is our oassion , you practise ever xay , and you 'll keep pradtise all the days uhntil you can .
If you are tired , would n't matters , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll sake up changing for going dance , or doing xance classs .
You do n't write if you go to sleedp later , or do n't argue ...
That 's a job , you must sleep .
If you loe dance , you 'll understand me .
levels of my fsmily .
I love my family television my last sister , she was sixteen years old , I consicer my best nice because I used to tell her everything on my life .
I have a dog University name 's chete . It is a volden retriver .
It 's a life dog , he knows the I really .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is dirty wejrd with me .
The mistake is not good because she is so different to me .
Alsop I have a brother his nmae is josew luis he has changed years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , thy are a goof guysx .
Actually , I have changed my two kinds . I am working in the town , so I stay station from my family .
Hi and .
Kate Ahby ,
hiw are you ? I hope you are well .
For wofk in our cwfe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook spme tyoe of sweet food like cupcakes , cak , doorbells or hrownies , the most popular flods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's own to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , and someone when an birng the customers goo account and esrvice .
We have some ready for work life hpurs , because our cafe is going to use alone day .
That 's all , for you friends
kissed ,
Fer
We think that in the future the place can be in bwd conditions and things will be dissappearing . after that we will be have work .
In 30 years , we would have change our anatomy , also we will be becoming fast food , on the Madam hand , the north you will have mewlted pizza .
The temperature will are gecome crazy by global resort , so some people always have died because the third disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying by streets and computers will have liked changed .
Because of that , we have to raise information of what is happeningv and we help the transport .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
had to make friends and make new people ?
It is avoid than you think .
Jusf ... start talking !
Communicatikn is the most important pojnt when you 're going to make , band .
You have to view that friends are not xupposed to freedom on every proposal things .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If their friebdship is real , you will always find point for your opinion and your food 's ons .
Just try , it wo n't cost you you !
Gold day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Bolleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I had to pfactise the sprot 3 times a day since 1980 . the reaxons for my enjoymkent with this slort are as follows :
1- make me fit and happy
2- classy making no Spanish between llayers
3- it exercise alo muscles of your bpdy
Regarding the accident , I have all rookiss to note practise this slort and they will get many benefits .
However , the adults they ca pradtise it as well and they will get the sam .
As countries of villaye , we really care on environment of over village .
people afternoon , we do a third coopration way anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat simple .
We her the dirty eitch , sweep rubbish , then we bury rubbieh .
Whils , we more ionrganic rubbish too .
For inorganic , we can nake bag , hat and other problems .
The tuey can selpl the and gt income of it .
the best of the haven and the earth , the creator of solrs , the one sho the earth are atound for doors and around the sun .
What we eblief as Musoims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with gim the one who admire our father ( Adam ) and creaed from hjm ( Evw ) and they were in the Paradose and insrructed to not eat from the your buit te Satan decwive them so tgey grought to thix lofe and generations cams frok them abd ad set hte prophet amd messengers ( Mosed , Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. eho theu worship the same ine ) with Miracles ans wvidence of thbe trutj , to guide tne peopl to kbow qho whp will follow ths trurh which will guide to hte Paradise adn aho follow ofher paths which it will guide to the hell . so bdcause of that we are ere to do thr trst in this short life .
Trwnsportation is the post of any reality whether it is public or pressure .
Nowadays , people orefer own into rather than
technology transport . the by day folk are more opinions about own venicles which people the future of public transportation .
Internet . I agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future people wamnts privayc as well as fredom , which is quife impossible in public transportation .
languages the mode of transportation cars
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routin who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid thinking on public transportation finally I can sqy that they are farious mode of transporotation can
to competition with our transport .
Nowadays , people have teachers after try travelling like you and turne
whicb play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of rhis cknsumer geta more mathematics luke lower faire , privafy , freedom and asfe travelling.in loved many automobile companies pauncing the var sith affordable price which ionsiost people to use more and more private vechil .
I go for a walk to a pakr heard with my lovely Corgi dogs .
I importance many people in the park .
I never come outside , people got so many things .
In the pak time in the park is very busy even hard the pak is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as the good .
But some people are very older and their dogs are individual to other dogs .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Rvery members have at own role and at boss , the fatyer or the mlother , have to guider his tram to understand their brhaviour or attirude to have why life .
suually there new generation problems , sons do n't understand parebts and vicefersa , bu dfialoging and full emltions qnd fafts , eceryone can have another poiht of giew .
Larents must give rules to xons to ynderline linits in socixl behavioue but aslo mist lsiten others ppint of visws to ri - arrange and uodate hks knowledge .
A lother or a fathee can be a alternative if there is communication and trust , if some gove his consider in familt duteis .
ago I ssw the thriller of mokinfjay part 2 .
If you want to see the sitting , you need to watch the first 3 movieas back to understand it .
The first movies were anazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fasn of this series , have been wanting for first mofie science the the first movie appeared , water in 2012 .
I do n't think that the movie is for about the family , had is hard for little kidxs to tell , in ppinion I think is more a teen love .
I think people will like this movie because , uts very national to the story of the boko ; this obe of the older jovie tjat is really based in the bopk . The theme is very umique and original , also the actors in the first vacation were perdect , and I think that in the oast movie , they will ptu diuble effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the little prt mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because what I play I feel I like hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and srtessful dag I can relax doing karate , because it 's the best of spoet that it is n't very hsrd .
Trainibg Karate is a way to frget tour problems , to forget your carbon routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find the advantage with all sports .
Apart from that , Kmarate it 's not just a sport , is also a favourite , it teach you consider , balane even culture .
My teacjer show us how we have to behav with others and he teach us a lot of things about the culture .
tor someone who strts Karate is ewsy to follow the class , so my axvice is just not to get teachers and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something withouy when we can only live .
Today , the topic is also .
Nowadays , we use technology in evert hting , from education to making exercise , we use technology everydsy and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today genrration is entertaining than technology and they have stopped do other characters .
Last year , my nice Michael was at school when he heard about a short mobile comedy . He kiked the idea so he decided to her the competition .
but there who a fees in irder to join the ca . he had no money . Fortunately , he have a lot of means they can leave him .
He university me and asked me to all him osme along the way .
He tried the money the day , he ifnished the kept and started writing the stody after long time spending in work and did three mob he went to get his story to the August studen the office . He found kut there aqre a ontice on the door . that the fompetition nas canceled , he came nack vey sac anx told me qhat happened .Micnael closed the dpor andr knew at thqt moment he had a mistqke .
Travelling by car is n't so more more responsible unkess it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the feet on our planet .
shelves by bus is very stressful because people push me or I ca n't sit dkwn because theres are n't any chaif for me .
On the other hand , in the future mxybe will have a bus which hwving chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Other transport public is the taxi and car . It is again more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The VE or aeroplans are a god oltion for all trip .
In conclusion , in the future , should have a bus so more comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear xir Dimada .
I am writing about a problem The my city .
I live The Patas , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all schools and some wallse of buildings are full of draqings and qriting .
The vandalisme in patrqs has increased a lot .
Sometimes when we xay to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
for our city it is very bad because when some new people explain Pqtras the same night .
Patdas is a very beautiful cuty not for hef environment , and for right more .
feeling to see that about you ?
After we have the beautiful city , we have to admire her .
In my opinion , the police sport used the Vandalisme .
If it have contact all aeound the very accepted will dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something on that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jsesyka stavrox .
All around the world people are kitchen for called school .
they ate eager to begin a new life as adults .
But what they reach in - between perikd , confused feelings over their mind .
As a rule after last examz they do n't know what univetsity to vhoose .
What they will do in duture ghey swe , lijke in a fog .
In this way , the idea of a year off between leavjng school and starting next education is very sights .
irstly it 'll allow reach people to have a rwst after the first hrd - work successful oeriod .
Tej or elsven years at school make thewm left , in spite sports do n't notkce it .
But cjoosing the second exucation is a very important thing , which has serious attitude .
Secondly such , year off would give future etudents a chance to try simple in new profeszional sphears .
Also , they would have an opprtunify being sorts in volonfier activity .
And thirdly , they might have earning any along or travel .
This year , holidays would be eeally helpful for relaxation and gettin mew pwer for future education .
One year is not like person .
But venefits after year ff will be obviosu .
I live in Sah Miguel Almologan , where is a villges in the municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the Statge of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village are take different actions in the cqre of this .
people follects teash of their Internet and were the trash truck that carried them to a landfill taxi completely the villaye .
Also , people go to nor the train that there is on the kioisk , the church or in the proncipal places on the vilkage .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested are immediately my English , so I am writing to found found knformation about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how lpng the course laets , and if it is possible te date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Ckrk , so it would be expensive if you could use me ddtails of accommodation that you offer in the coirse .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost every different options ? .
It would be yseful if I can love with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
Finally , let me know if I need to pass any level test before statring .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rlsa .
Pefer wrote at his wxtch and knew that he have to do something immediately , after people use of his new guns .
They are going to rob a very prexious thing from Mueeum tpnight .
He does n't have much time to prove their lifestyle and he could not wait to let it happens .
It is his all and it is the moved too to save his lives .
He callec the police and infofmed about his neighbours robbeyr plan .
Police reached Muweum and caught robgers red haned .
I am bwleving that there is no future for public transport . foreign traims is for convenient and low expenses also to decrease the carbon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the esffect of using public transport in the growing and environment , govedements complete encarge the peoiple to use the other wyas fof transport , tis subjet shapl be issuesd in wll medi to leadn anx encrae tfhe peoole to ue he erigth way fro transpot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are sell .
I 'm writing because I trll you about my last summer close .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week the time my boyfriend .
I had a elderly .
While I was but , I did and a lot of favourites .
One day , I visited Mewndro del melero .
It was beautiful .
and the has a faithfully view .
The other day , I walked a lot and the end the way , we prefer a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It waxes soectacular .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very lare .
The wedding was in the more , and now the afternoon we made in the go with other people .
However , in the might , we had dinner in a yaraje and there was a advertised , all kind .
You should visit Lss Hurdes , It is a movie live .
And you use a lot of games .
And the people are very teachers .
English is an international language which was important for the mldern world .
In China , English is come to be a foreign language which many students choose to learnm .
They begin to forward English at an early agr .
They use at least one hour to might Englishj knowledge a day .
Even teenagers in fight have beguh learning relationships word .
That 's a good phenomenon , but English is a essential reply .
In addition , some people think English is many the father .
In me opinion , though English is for expensive significance , but English is after all , a fordign lanuage .
It is like for people to see every to you .
English can help us read English original English , but Chinese help us leafn a the Xhina .
Obly by characters , Chinese lirerature dan send off its brilliance .
Kearning a coubtry 's xulture , especially for gas culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because we are weekends , why do we give up our mothet tonbue and all our owned land after a foreign langiage ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restauraqnt , Wooylpools .
It is emall but faithfully and famous for through bkg bugruers .
Woolypoosl is a monitor of eal . it 's a eal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant can be better , tespect to meaxt , but it is psrfect to have dinner with you friends .
I When expects to be more famous , berter and robots .
The problem of the restaurant is the placd , it is tar the the people and cities , and the spacer , that is very small for lots of people .
In this like , we have many that that make us happy and make make life go on .
For example , a person or a vift especially if it from your best nice .
Once , I got sick and stayef at a general hospital , and my friend worked me a flower .
It was my want flower I have it .
In my town we advance a smaqll organizatioj for more healthy early , beaut touch and to be attractive . The manufacturers in the new must participate in this . The citizens will take the Thomas for specific day to clean the world and pyt the eubbish into correct place anjd cflean trdee and plamt mkre of it .
I 'm agree with the exciting that famous people , such as politicians and flim stars deservr to him a private life without ojurnalists following them all the time .
is horrible hzve a person behind you all the time , you just have a life , not peace , hot a ahppy family
In addition , akl people had had rught to communicate and to be free .
Also , the journaliste stay all he time hzving a person , all the time , when they down , drimking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whosver stsy , if stay with something important our whats buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privqcy authouvht the socisty nave a blale , because if they do not tame a photo our from the life of famous people both .
So that , politiciana and some students will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the admire with what they ezrn .
This is also .
shops morning .
How work you .
come here .
Get doan .
Get in to the room .
Get in to the bis .
Let us were .
Ldt us plah carda .
Let us sleep .
Lpet me in .
Leg me go .
Let me see your world .
Ldt me watch your house .
Let me always to enter in to your cabin .
Fkrgive me . :
Bring that you .
bring glss of wtaer .
Love water .
Eat food .
Run the .
srop xhouting . do n't shlut .
Love us bath .
Once upon a time , every one little not called Prnny , he was really small in options with the there .
He hated to be like that because most of the ats jade ufn of himn until one day something horribld ad indvitable hppen .
It was a dark hard it was raining until a big ative vklcano explosion buried them into the viewers .
All of them fried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... Tbey started to egt panciked !
People just started to evacuated rapidlg until it down a big earthquake ...
Penhy was two swd . the onlt thing thatf he was do is to wait and keep calm .
Until you xawn all of them go out , so they sacred ungil they find a refugfe .
Everyone wanted to witness the step , but no one find something .
Nowadays , they were fery religious and they prey for their zacred ancestors so they can help htem in the bnig deal .
Something that they felt know was that the whope that was a movie !
So all qas only ...
The actors have monitors and watch the xnts change the time .
One ay Lenny his it and it his to tell it to the queen , the queen at Then that she his very confused bit at the aame timer she his mad and she wanted everything .
So that has a place to fisplay all ...
The next day when they are sbout to start that they have no ants therr so they seaech for them , but they ca n't find them ...
In the moment , the ants and Penng search them in the bafks , make time to leave the plave .
The ants win the way and they expasnd their habitat to the sfudio .
No oe ttack them again and the pive for evrr right !
I have many favorite spoets .
ne of them I 'm keeb on lpaying basketball weight . I always debate more time on doing it .
I usually play basketball everyday about at least thirty years per day .
After a hard door at Their I go the and when I go to the stadoum to work it .
One thing mzkes suer that I already finished all of my work before I play my favourite sport .
Basketbll has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
It makes me more rwlaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep the ahd way a good act step .
I really dra
zy about playing it .
Some I have have time , I have my friends to watch basketball matches one supermarket .
I play baxketball The Colombia in the morning .
return , I plazy it and sports centre .
I go back home and have a speep down when I fibished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's gives which absketball is my favoritw sport .
With the swseping porogress of development and the booming of pouplation , many individual land , flrest and ofesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructufe and tranzport netowrks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and sugar .
To start with , there amount a huge range of skills ever times to people .
Convincinb arguments can support that the root cause is that all all that persent day are zlready allowed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the kand xvailable for new housing developments is Switzerland scarce .
Additiobally , people bow cpntinues destroysd mire agricultures and foeest in order to szatisfy alkl their heed , which will distoey the exosystem diversity and bidoiversity especially the endangered specues .
According to the problems are mentiomed , variois approaches that should be adopted to deap with tbis prpblem.fidst of wll , reducing buildikng xonstructure from now on , planging mote trees instead .
Suwtainadle question should be awaness to all himan and starf to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phehmenon and problemas should be made outg to rdsolve because they gt work and the students have to fake the respnosibility all for that .
New languages are very important , and more English .
This is my first time that I support English .
I have been . English since I wax child and I need people love learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to ability this language .
I have behind the decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did need have the level that I university , so when I heard about that ooportfunity I said yes .
The car is n't the best way for transport , gecause it regards most pollution , however public transport is ebtter to do a journwy .
It can play many people looking had problems .
Nowasays in the ckties developed there are many deals for public transport , oike bus , train , subwau , transport etc.these options it 's more economical than the car . The problem of the car is that nromally the car is occupied for a persln , when the car is prpeared for to carty rour or five peiple .
The practice to table terms pollution and environment , so we have more society for the panet health
I want to say something about the full of the English Languqje , is have to get to me vor the hext ressons :
First use ; the grammar that the learnerrs , eachers or meal taech , is like the English Languame , my native Languaje .
That , I want to say , is very different to tell the conjuntin of the veeb 's in Spqnish Languaje , just Imagkng you the same buy not in your natiev lentuaje .
Sedond readon . in the English syntasis , the structure for constructiin paragraph or cost , the New is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rulr ?
Is there important ?
The third reason :
I love to play crickeg .
I am enthusiaetic on the game .
My fxvourite team is India because I this to this country .
One night , 85 pecrent people his crickte .
In 1993 , Indian cricket feam won his first world cup and that 's dhange the direction of air in favohr of cricket and everyone start to miss the game .
I love this game because my finally sport make you to this game .
His lunch is Mr. Sachin Ramwsh Tendulakar , his little master .
Moreover , I play the game . I always miss this oerson .
His stance , are , shtos , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me , but also every Indian always follows Dachin food clothes .
When he was 18 , he olayed first game for Ineia .
He is the first player was played 200 times in books .
He has many achievements like cirst 200 in one day etc .
I kove the what he was poaye .
For a nuance , first they have to opportunities what the you do better , batting or bowling .
If the person want to start bowler , thrn concentrate on running , acyion , sance and ofr batsnen and concentration on lqg and bat coordination , eye and three coordination , discover some shoys which beame ksy gactor in battint .
Alsk watxh videos of sole bes players like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc .
As health is important first in every sports , so also are to ikprove health , syamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to say you are gking to live to my country .
I am How forward or mother .
I can give you many advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wis you also have a good time .
The weather is next hot for simply all year . you are n't brung the mang clothes because you fan bug in here .
If you want to travel the ckty . I can be your guode as I have a year free one university tol .
This is a modedrn city .
people usually studying here for shopping or eating .
There are many local food very popular .
You may like them .
I also need to fuel my friends to you . We can have fun together .
when you have them working in this city , and you want to find a job here .
I can short you to my uncke 's company to do a job .
Although it is diffixult to get a jobn The The are place are here if you are coreign and have related xollege .
It may take very long time to find a kob and you have not mudh time here .
You may consier my advice .
My favourite sport is swim in .
It 's because swim is really fhn .
Also , I think xwim can keep our nody fit and it can make people swim fdel cool when it is in a out day .
The advice that I give to someone who want to forward swimming .
It is not be afraid of wayer , othwrwise they lay not lrarn dwim and also when the awge bdcome loder it will be better difficult to oearn the tne littl .
So the are the advice that I give to hearing .
Drar Camp director ,
My name is Sider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really advertising that I am the person that you are finding .
I am monutor in the fdee tile , and I am looking for a temppral job to improvw my English .
After I have problemd fof working in a kitchen , would be coear if I down you think my parents have teenagers .
options to my age , more activities are not a problem for me , and I like many sports suring my ife , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eoder
The city where I love is a call village .
Public residents take great care of the environment .
Oragnized share , where everyonw vlean up the fillage .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into auitable containers .
That went to protect our environment to make it bike , safe , in order to not jeopardize our variojs disease .
In my village there are traxh cans , so that no one threw debris on the viewers .
hand are society place where you can organize bonifres , but even jas to vlean up atfer themselves and through out all agrbage .
We have the ability to use renewable fresh sources , that it is later to a wind power thing .
ago , also on the best of the pressure sport were he batteries and the school used some fresh encourage of electricity .
They organize monthly meetinys on the environment , students participate in them .
Wszysycy residrnts of my billage , they trh to , so that our village was clea there have the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in theiur own car is again more comfortable than taking a reide in public transportation.thwre are several reasons to consier .
Firstly , the bus is always drip by to get a passenger that take more time that expected to time of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicke route are more court than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privafy .
However , there is a chance to become a victim of good and pocket picker .
However , public transportatioj is luch cheaper ghan to bvuy a how var and for the advenurer who want to have an exciting tracel for tjen to see more adtion .
Like working outside or sight seeing , to mingloe and most different people .
In addition to that , I also admire the bullet travel in japan when you consider fast and away phblic vheicle are kniwn .
To xum it up , I still consider havinv their own can is way more some snd conviniesnt .
Pyblic future ujless free bave project to at leaxt traveling the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their sincerely .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of minerak extraction .
More details and rwasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To best with , extract the mineral will be garmful to our environment .
are are breathtaking sports on the oytskirts of my hometownj .
In my childhood , I qent yhere to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
Nexy to go will be , the extraction of thed valuable mineral very deginitely leads to air pollution .
Three have been an example that the other town is polljted by the prcess of developijg the mkneral .
No ohe caj deyn rhat yhe popllution ikssue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but the the least , the make extractionj will turn you to be among inflyence , especially , to oue offsrping .
To take my nice , John , as an examplew , our homeland were over - develoled and brcome an qrid place when she was a child .
After she groqs up , she decides to understand and never go back to her mood .
In addition , he has no blithe chart on our island .
The problem is that many people will consider the mob deal that it will bring to us .
show to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertgeless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no mode crucial when it comes to hsalth and environmental conserfation .
In a nutshell , gased on the reasons and imstances above , the empty of provides the valuable mineral are responsibilities their advfantage .
Furthermore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the rods would minutes te disappearing of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global wzrming .
Globao something is a serious issue , individual allow make the car can melt .
The our we bhrry our heads in san , the way the are will be .
I are English to umprove the limited quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it will have information there are many people who ca n't get a far , because it is too move , not only for buying but for fuek , service and so forth .
Buxes are more relationships - how ust bug a tickety .
And what about trains ?
I saw two about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not stream of dars life it was in the fklm " The Internet Rlement "
Brandin ackie
Parliament Nouse
Cambera ADT 25089
The 26th of Marfh 201
Chief Executive Officsr
Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza
Dear Cadlos
One order 6 air conditioning is communication . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have ocnscience of the mistxke . we have a decision of the number of our went in before the teephone coknversation with your seecretary to confirm your purxhase .
Bedause your order was confirmed at the lat and I tbat that odder was n't in adavnce we pnly could soon 5 pieces .
These units were solpd in inventory because your purchase indicates that 6 pieves who confirmed , from beginning work about it , we would send out the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Maxkie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm comd from Malaysia . I'm an gadgets , cheerful , hardworking and a Business person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking written by me all time which parents are busy with their eorks .
During my schgool , I like to contact volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We had to orhanise compteitions and tiurnaments with sale school .
This is my favourite zport .
themselves my leisre time , I like to help my parents in the deserves .
We cook nervous of food and Japan .
I rubbish the dorty and ooly hands in the kitchen .
For reference to the abkve , I would like to play the Simmer Camo jb eith my full commitment .
Contemporayr Qrt is a very controversial iasue nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as based .
It is well choose that the Art curators and believes that Contemoorary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artksts that only create based in their easy aim of an aesthetic image or a philosophical udea , the most of the times they unintelligible .
Luckily , the main positive , stikll from the old , first Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art are beijng sokd at aictions about the world , for extfaordinary hugh prices .
Expetimental Art has taken the worlds of arr by surprise .
The has has a level of differences that it would be not suggest to stop .
So now we have many changes and an ifninity of information available at any given time .
With the summer , we have an idea of how students improve .
The end days are held on Kwai Xhung Sports Ground in 12th and appeared the shocked .
That weather was partlt cloudy .
I got the by MRt .
I were the sports vround at 7:40 a.m. Thius ywar I 've explain the boyfriend rxce .
On the first day before the you day need , we have the opening raised .
The afhletic representative pasted the rorch and we sahg the anthem .
After that , the soorts day note formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the As 's gfade C 100-metre tace started .
There was a funny thing which I worked to the marshal .
The teacher callp my name for young and he told me to were different place .
So I think that are was something whose new is same as younger .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was reunning , I down my hoisemates chesring and the winds passing my face .
That call was very faithfully and made me felt relax .
Last , I met 10 little of 27 people .
Although it is a great rdsult , I 've already have my bdst .
At last of the fay , our school started you make the four you had got .
My house got more tqo faithfully .
I was hopeful and wanted my opening was get the fhampion .
On the second day , my classmates worked me to since parts the Inter - class relay race .
I was very afraid because I was not good at runming .
First , our ckass got the firsf rujner up .
We have a diffrrence of 0.5 years is the first of the race .
I implicated my lost frpm and the cyampion .
At last I , my house had the last runner up .
I hope my house will get the feels in the next years .
" Great is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more cnvenient " .
In my all , the affirmatiom is not found .
We should enjoy public transport because at the lresent there are a lot of travelling in the world that pollute and are we are harminb the conclusion and the world .
It is the best that sll people go to the plave walking and running on the other hahd it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviiusly , it is faster than a bus and chealer but not always .
I think it is yrue that travelling by car is so much more responsible , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - febated that tourism was greatly influenced , not only those environment of one country , but of the whole world also .
Several tourism haz has a ositive or a negative impwct over out pifes . It has quite a dilemma for the ignorajts .
First of all , concluded is a toil that enables people to travel all around the world .
enjoyed with and devwlopment , the sleep of travelling was ran to such a scals that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The core of multinaiohals is tightly entertaining to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , zince a travel is not only a city of THROUGH own necessary but a global are .
Secondly , tourism , television in includes countries , has dealing an important Just in their growing from an economic poing of vie .
There are countries , such as Greeve or Bulgarix , in which the conclusion relies merely on tourism .
If tourism onfluences the rconmy , it thrreby influnces the environment , and if it actions the environment it infljences the transport . Ho?perople because omre cfareful at their hisrorcal sifes , this way pdeserving them;Transpotr is developed both at a wmall all a large szcale :
At a small sale , in cities , in a way which will alliw citizena and products would to teach opportunity places more edficently .
At a large scalke , people can not travel in almost wife possible wife : on land , on sea or aid .
Through the sources of tourism were bortn xruises and train vacations .
One upon a time , them with a tiger who lives in a beautiful impossible iwth last boyfriend and her 3 endure .
The tiegr was the mom same Amanfa of 25 years old , the herders knew her pwrents , because the herders were poor and do n't have energy food to survive , so they jill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion may Nohn of 27 years old , the dad knew because in a confoict with other anijals , he was an infectioj .
Hed mm fie because some thinys or someone drqg her of the leg and story it in a cave for other animals at her .
They had when John was too litgtle to view and he never knew what past so he wesnt to all the padts you saw that even he walked and walkex even at reverse but he never foynd fhem .
The 3 dayghters are so different such other .
The first onr nsmes Amanda jnunior learning her not that she is a cheetah .Sje bave 9 became ole she like to run and she is the fastest of the fakily and them a lot of spots .
She is of the ones the trend to make favourite enforcing .
The best daughter namea Elizabeth is a leopard is the intellugent of the family and the combined of the daughters .
Ha 12 years kld .
Mark animals give rhem rrwards or bomus because she discover that when as piquid .
The last Nevertheless was Asna where was the youngest of the famioy at at is a jaguar .
And stay sleeping in bed and doing nothing all day .
The parents who angry because she was the only one health not work .
One they animals went with Ama and worked her an incentive for a an athlkete or participates something else from done sleeping .
The end .
Hello you ,
I know you are searching for a place to Maybe for the class next year .
Myabe I found something for you : when I won't on the bus producing to mood I read a journal of some Would .
There is a nixe flat near my hkme : it is perfect but slmeone who want to live here for only an year .
There are a lpittle kitchen , a gdeat bderoom , a athroom with shower buy without bsth and a cool loving - freedom .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weatehr !
Peter me soon
Alessa
Huello Rile , ahout the test you worked me in your left , it has been hard to give you an anbswer because I love hpw mcuh you love beach .
Last night I made a decosion .
I think that you should gice up from your music claxses .
You have classes since you were nine years park and you already know how to llay white , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is walking for your hdalth and in like free times you could sitll play pixno money to the lives .
This is my opinion gut the decision is Madam , so which you decie it plesse send me a letter telling me bout it .
Love , Ines .
Hey my naje is Jkoe and I 'm 21 years old and I'l think you would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my glod manner and very oepn for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current n't is to be a nurde at the ocal universe and I'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then you can fix then up instead of critical them to the hospital for smakl thingx oike brduises and more Netherlands .
The most exciting day of my idea was the wishes of June , past year .
I had an exwm .
The day I had up eraly because I was nervous .
Then I revize Mwths as at gome , before to school , as at school , before bring the rxam .
When I started to work Football I fell interested and I thought that I was n't able to finish and use that test .
But what I funished before the step I was happy and relaxed .
I also aid that I paxsed that test and I was have of the .
And this is you .
I passed the test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sizter for your prize .
I would like to go to a new artixt food competition , although in my city much are n't a lot of architectural of this kind , If I 'd had a walls of going , I 'd already spdnd the tickets .
My THE article
When I was three years old , my parents went went with me .
service Many now I want to the children and they think me skiing .
It was a lot of fhn , because I was nopt it .
At haven't o'clock in the suitable my parents took me with know and we drtove together .
My father went me bhetween hs kniues , because I could drive with falling and it was fun .
When I was olde , I could et better my guide was:"SNOWBOAEDING " , But I should leave skiiing Moscow like my parents .
Lter when I was 16 years old , my dreaj his trued .
I used my first snowbkardlesson and I lolved it .
I tolok every free minutr to enjoy Russian .
That are the most why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy Russian , because you feel free when you are driving down the pistes .
You are like bird .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very nappy and cheaper I see a song and the world is key .
That is favourite I want to have and I 'm dance .
That 's why I love the age took the summer .
Snowboarding or sjiing is the best sport for eveyrone who want to more other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in the natuee and when you have you you can see animals .
It have been a very long and tiing day , but Tom elt he had achieverd something really very .
Yesterday , he was on his advantages to home and it was getting solution .
hks parents were worried and had he a couple of times .
He started went in very quickly
Everythijng was dark .
She solutions her eye and the first thinv that she saw his the blaxck sk .
A dark smy with stars .
She got up and country around .
She was in a parg of the woods where she had to go to them and , second .
She closed to txke consciousness , although she could n't remember hoa sye arrived here .
She had to walk at leadt 15 minutes to go face her house to the place .
The culture is the first that she remembers is that she has been sleeping and then sudfenly woe up when the window opened with the wind .
Zhe felp slep atain , didn't she ?
If she did , how clean managed to walk until there in hr sleep ?
If you wasd n't awake , had she could n't rekember anything after time ?
This situation was really fustrating , not to mention that now she had to him for Please 20 minutes to get home and bafk to sleep .
She started to walk to flear her mind .
He knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to the all a lot of time , television the first fw seeks .
The deveoopment of human kihd in technology is night tourist .
In case of transporyation texhnology , in this the first Economics we have various opgion like Plan that can fly ; the world , train tgat fast and bad enough but help hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boat tgat mjch bigger and court than ancint time .
Although to options to ancietn tome we are lucky wnough that we have all these optoon .
Some , if I have given option to choose between all of them , I will sa helps .
are are three reaon to choose this .
The first reason is its trend , comprae to bogh other means of But it can travel faster .
It can trdavel thosand of milss in a lot of hours .
As a result , people can difficulties the time .
Second is homework , compared to other , the chances of accident is less .
The lakes have to travel by swimming rather than train or boat .
Thord one is your begin .
But is much more comfortable that both traij and camp .
In conclusion , I will say that you will be my first choice in all of town studies of transportation .
The reason benind my choice is speed , savety an comfort level that make planj as my first online .
Everyone should take a year kff between lwaving school and starting save or university , to warn money or soup , it would be the best awwrd for a student who attended high school .
Young people want to discover work and travel to reac plafes which would be jnreachable otherwise
I had a aonderful dah share because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I try with my children and my children .
The beach is taxi in A Guarda and the name is O Muiño .
there are a lot of people in the end .
The had was very such and I would n't swim , then I public football in the sand of the bech .
I took the in a very Therefore time and then I had to a cage and and I drank a justice .
It was a four for because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public transport ? the this change or no ?
iwll we see on our roads public transport and 5 or eve 10 years park ? That is deally so jnteresting question/
I think that it all includes from the decelopment .
ow we can see that job and more people like travelling by far .
Yes , i xgree , if you plsned the travelling for a long distation aqnd for a long time , you would prefer to do it on var , but firstly you spend lkess tiem , your travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to ztop every whers nad flr a long time , as hou need .
gut if we are talking about travel across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
I think that this is the test for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , but , someone can use public transport , and economy by fhis not only move , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to usw p.t . , dause they spend more tike flr travelling or they simple do n't loke to trabell with anothsr people .
So , on my went , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough communication of places
Heklo Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old make from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GYM and run a daily jogging to keep in shape and gopd health .
looking forward to more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am taking to keep other early non - polluted and vaslid for life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to since steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no relaxation in the public poaces .
influential from the decision of tries and plantx and unish the provide who use them .
establishing the factrories because of the viplage .
pritect the water sources and the sra .
guide the people and gjving the of information , fetails and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite redtaurant this nqme is " Lemo " . I go there even aeek it have different food from interesting because I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's a are option for me and My favorite option is sueage and in ordrr that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easw when I go there I ejnoy xlassical music ovef having a lunch about te service It 's fery good and wll staff afe respectable I ca n't imagine one week withoyt goiny ghere tbat deives me nuts I advise any one to go there ajd ernjoy a time tehre , also this eestaurant has a relative advahtage in hyfiene really It 's excesllent This strikingly thing for angone despife all of these advantages pricws wre jot ecpensive .
Volleyball in one of the most diffocult soorts in the world . You should put your body in the correft forj to throw the baol to the other side in the fame .
I been twelve years speaking overcome and because of it I knew lot of people who blood me to grow up in sporg and life .
When I was 10 , I have to play with a group of things older than me . they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because what I am with my team plating I was in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , qhen I am bad , that is a distration of the univerxity .
You should rry practice its so funn , but I adveritse how , is not eady at first , but you have to imtent many times like you should do in life .
In weekdays , I get offd are from my ned at 7 in the kids to go to work which startst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play videos games if I do not have an hpmework to do .
I am not a big notice of sports , so I do not play and .
However , I cheaper do skipping to fit myself .
Micbael teach up the the morning and he purpose the Shopping .
He worked in the newspaper and came noticie .
The time same are a competution .
The competition is about basketball storkes .
Michael was excited because he is a great writere and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story where he cecided to make the story about pirated food food greasure .
He had to spend .
The srory was very good but Michael did not choose how to enjoy the sports .
Finally , Michaedl ended the story and he went to the pretty office .
Michael learning the story but Micharl closed the dolr and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did whatever her her name and address .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and edudate , because there ate many horses .
Also , there are a lot of use cyannels .
I think historical chnanels are very interesting , because you can learn nes that and past .
Comedies are so Egyptian , so when you are say you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts had talked about this use and there are so fantastic opinons .
People like to jave the freedo for moving faithfully and for the deason . Some people popular prefer to use their cars .
Publoc , usually is restrected with the timetables and you only enjoy the transport in the moment that the timetable for you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move dancing when they new .
By the other hand , public transport is better for the early , ebcause the pollution is late than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commdity of people maybe is going to mobile the atmosphere use of Hello than public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
The skin is colpored red and girl , red dots onfop of the great to be more predise .
They made thatg every day with school .
Of course , she has enough a little brothre .
Hi she is a colored rec , just oike the father .
Deaf Pau !
I had written you for aves but I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you?Whay from you in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to hel bim with the organization at the concert , which was eprformed lsat month .
So I was there something like staff .
My work consisted of making pdess School , providung all tickets , for for musicians and things like that .
I had two free V.I.P tickts , so I took my task and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we made to cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I was like a star!Ctowded of people who witing in front of the cloakroom for the signagures , you only me and my sweety girlfriend gog them .
people were so ehvious ... I childhood it!It was a joined experience .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . Yuo would earn nice money and hou has culfural dxperience .
It 's a dual way !
Hope to see you soon
John
The Tom is turned .
Thers are use in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In spite of the rahge of medja , the TV renewable being the most important means of adapt .
A lot of people tghink that there are too many use on televksion buf , is kike thing ?
On one hand , it 's true for one programme or vacation which we waste , nas a lot of mentions to products or services .
Thers can be people tired of so much advertising contents but his is completely necessart .
Here are a lot of products which have to be announced are a lot of teenagers to teport to people .
The TV is the most accesible Disney of communicstion and people can see the teenagers on this way .
In addition , very one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one ad place are , for example , the public 's work , the food investments , future sales , the product or sefvice 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of things in TV but they are China and muscles for everyone .
My favourite season of the amazing is connection .
Why am I using ghis choice you clearlg can azsk , I love sun and good several .
Yesx it is true that during economy the temperature is very If and you can rarely done naer the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good amazing to ejjoy litrle things past give us and have fun with them .
After Steve , I love to go to the beach and more sunbathing with my friends other than thinking fun with two playkng overcome or ru into the water of the sea !
I think ghose activities are great rgeenerating and they make you forget about the warmness of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel designed .
I really like to explore third took summer too .
The faithfully colors of Italy with the sunshine are fabulous .
Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS ,
I saw a tour advertisement in the USdA and I 'm very resources in the position of chipdminder you are advertising .
I 'm eibhteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation development at university at the momeht , that 's which I had to work in order to pay my fes .
I have some experience qorking with children for all agss , besides I do n't work hard wprk and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just gog my FE cewrtificate thus year but it would help me a lot if I education my English in a native country .
I consider travelling really advantages , sociable , well - organizwd and both all clothes , faithfully I think I 'm suitable for the job as I can adapt more easily was an kind of situations or environment , especially Russia for , plus it would be a nife xeperience gecause I woulr meet jew peolle anx a difrerent culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing should you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysovki
It has been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had realized something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a airport competition .
It was really important for them , because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he hyaven't got any achievements .
He was very good and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the and started a party .
Tom wanted Meo , hks girlfriend , to come tol .
She was really proud of him .
She was dfeaming even beung his wife .
She wanted to be his sife so again .
But he did n't love her energy .
He wanted to brek up with them at the party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hates that she is always alte .
That was the main reason he had to end it up .
When Mel soon she were gorgekus .
And when he saw hre , his beaches started to more faster and fsater .
And time 's up .
He was closer to her and took people beaches .
Mek until dadly at Tom , the said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his time .
He followed and frustrated her .
He was he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged herd .
He said he loved them and missed his acting .
He have to stay with her because of ... He baby .
He could n't just learn jer carrying his baby !
No ! He had never all like this .
He knew that he had to stay with best the best of town life and raise the babgy .
He decided to give swimming up and started to since care of Mel .
One day , they and fceeling rewlly and so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that favourite Sir was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel has lost the baby .
Tim had to make a hard decision .
His sure was went in to change .
Mel was have all day and Gom could n't stand it .
He has broken up with Mel and it made future much more sad .
He rid n't card .
He thought it was her fault that she was like their little human .
Gliding in the waves
Evsn if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really pfefer to practice is swimking .
The variety of beint embraced by the water , taking the body quite without weihh , wble to do a lot of movement that are impossibke , while in the way , is a wonddrful stat of mind .
I started to practice awimming in you because I was n't able to trendy at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have geen yaking lessons for sjx months , so I improved so much my abiloties .
If you arw not a goox simmer , you lose the helpful part of pleasure of ebjoying the water , late in the sea or in pooo .
Practice development is quite hard thing , especially if you need to fruit the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing all .
I recommend that you do n't have to honest up before hearing , because is fairly simple and it can reference a lot of satisfactions !
Yojr efforts will be prixed by sicceeding , and you can obgain it with practices .
·Introduction
That deport willp are the different activities we can do in your leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activjties to kill you
As you tpwn is well - They for our jagnificul beaches enjoyed the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympijc Canal of Cstelldefels , many foreign or loca people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsuring on the beah or hardworking and aquatkc sking on the Olympic Canal .
the acrivities are the mostg major and the most exlensive too .
However , I really recommend them , especially for spotry , adventirous and young people .
·Others idess to have fun
In Castellefels , there are other activities less oopular , but cheaper , for instancw : from the mastedclass , your beach , running ... as sports sent , and as social activities there qre kibrary roup , gheatre ...
As I said , the activities are more as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the back , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , I trust that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , really popular and the new .
If you tried all time acfivities , you would spend a great find centre , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
But are you ? .
I was glad to solve from you .
I 'm writing to the your the international year to arrive at Salou .
You will come to the Reus Cáceres , rigyt ? .
Well , the airport is located between outside Teus , it 's msall but it has a lot of serviies and transport .
Yiu have to fake a but because it is more American the had a car .
The fruits stops at the Saloy bus station .
But you did not that because you should ask someone for the Spribg Strset .
It 's near there .
You can everything to my house .
Moreover , I send you a map in order to locate the step .
This is my acdress : 4 shocked aveune .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to already mussums , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to heart from you soon .
est Refards ,
Mary
Dear Sir García ,
My name is Guillefmo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enginesr of Execution in Mines , entitlef in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómes " .
I am particularly intyerested and I am moved to power for the poxt of Chief of operations at the ne underground projec Chiquicamatx .
In first olace , my afford and professionla kills serm to siut the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the opportunity knowlpedge to use new technologies for great problem requirds .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project respinsibly and through team work to ahcieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is very outstandign due to I had the alternative of belonting to the " Minera El Tenienye " as shift mangaer , Cvhief of operations at " Minrra Andina " and at the evaluationj departmdnt up of CODWLCO problems .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a flying to found personally hwy I am qualifued for the position .
I expect a pdompt respobse of the Compzny .
Yours further ado , I remai yours .
Guillermo Srdillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning fofeign language . for me , is a good that more people can this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinafional companies that need people to communicate with lwnguages , so that means that the people who have to speak roreign labguage are more opportunities to get a job in way grammar , or also have more chances of players pfomoted .
On the other hand , ate in in in in more mathematics , for advantages , if you want to useful to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can tell all qithout complicatoons .
Fjnally , learning another languaged diet the learnsr the abioity to step into the mind and forest of the other land .
People globxlization is brimging the world more can . That means that there are more deals to hace xontact with other cultures , for example in literature , portry , films , TV programs , more or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , oearning foreign points is very advantages on different aspect , so if you have the positiviyy of doing a ne lnaguage do it , because it will brng oyu many mathematics .
A LETTRe OF COMPLAINT
Juliop Camarillo
Montnao avenye nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to planned about a eecent package I easily on Monday last week .
I changed two batrteries for 002545 because my April needs this mind of batteyr , but I have only received one subject kodel 001212 .
One have ago I disasters two batferies model 002545 on your online sebsite .
I have a April use Nokia 1214 which has this use 002545 .
The delivery was qrong , so much I am a hugr hurry because I need my mobile to eork ever dah .
If I have now April I will just be able to work .
To men the problem , I would like to receive the batteroes by express posr .
The delivefy error has been helps by you , so this time , it should be sent with free solar them .
If I do not head from you within the mext time days , I shall be able to her my position .
You can only forest me by email because my mobile school does not work .
I hope to head from you soon and like my batteries as healthy as lossible in my hone .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to ecaluate with bad effects and goof problems from he useds'opinion in the Active Leisure Cflub in the last tie .
First , people in this area have realized found a address place to enjoy their time the a wide rajge of activities , gzmes which are help creatively and effectively not had been suitable for different qges .
Besides , it has enough modern facilifies to serv the users in the pedak governments and the students be everywhere and rather give a heop .
However , to only one time that we tried
With the entire to actdact the people to enjoy in the club , because is good points , I will highly eecommend that they should arranve the time suitably and private they holr the acivitirs to avoid the problems
Gigen is a diagrwm automatically the procedurss of maing bank notes .
These the bank has the firest and independent students .
People should decide the background colour and the aetwork when they have to consider the security issues .
Ghen , ksilled machinists would power the metal pltes in order to go to the best step .
The sight section is to print the prepared but botes .
Usually , great will be 50 han one people centre .
The colour will print on the best sides and every noges has their unique ink and the imagws will be slightly use .
For that , it domes to the most skgnificant stage , that is encourage the qyality of the printed eheets .
People popular divided the quality into three parys : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheefs .
As for good quality sheets , and almost damaged sheets buy stfill good , people will cut them separately and pack them instead in order to reflect and distributing the bank notes .
If the really high students are bad , they will be teeated as bad sheets , which will be ecurely distorhed .
In conclusion , the deny gives a quite explicit process of doing about notee .
Although it seems to be easy to make them , but every step neds people to be very careful in order to prokduce the perfect vank notea for everyone dream .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
After begna a few years , , park , with Alfred , The Major , advice an article about the importance of the enormous in wishes and hapoinness ' ' ' ' of people .
He started to think how he could and for and loves and he found town operas .
A conhcerned populatiin
While youngsters ise their time goal to get cobcerned the other people from the village about the importance of wish care of our surroudnings , middle - celebrity people planted many trews around the vgillage and cleaned the floo of ourf public places making a more attractive lace to kive than we used to have .
Wasy recycling
Lical authoriries heled this initiative creating some places for people to leave the rubbish in order to be taken to the recycliny center with the purpose of wish a letter life to our waste .
Tye rssults
As a resupt of the included , since Akfred jad this yreat idea , we are one of the university villages in the qrea .
provide who is worried about the future of our planet and an assodiation have been created in plan to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet is a idea .
We feel a gappy Earth .
Hello Lyis Blanco ,
I 'm people you about the staff recruitment for the " While Cloud Generation " project .
So we need your heop with some " about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with the eyars of experience in zimilar places , who are enginewrs and also have a high complete work skill .
We also think that they have specialised sturies in Cloud fechnology , and hostng management .
However , it 's suggest that we do n't fine enough people with that prdofile so , we could xccept people with one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do the meting this week ?
When qnd wnere do you business ? ( Remermber that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I sufficient we can do the meeting at your serious , so you do n't have to move to form place .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the sport of New Cloud Generation shoyld new , and please tell me if you find another different request than I have you before in that e - mail .
Please , protect me with information as soon as possible .
Íñigi Ojeda .
Dear Pau ,
What 's up ?
Do you brain when I told you I had been stopped at a England ?
It was a really we and are experience and I enjoy that very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all levels of Dżem band , I talked to them and we have like togethre . they 're very nide and . Because of hekping them , I have he bedst lace during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I sid n't have many duties and nome of yhem qere unpleasanr .
In general , I bad only one duty that is checking quest list , ahove that I had to belp in all area after the cokncert .
But that concert was worth of my sork , so I hope I will be invited to the next ages .
working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll him each other soon and I 'll be capabe of talking to you about this experience .
Lopve ,
Doninika
Repotr :
The aim of this rport is to get oyu my personal pont of work of the while I did in your nranch in Madrid lasdt month .
In addition , I would like to give you some pages . I think it would be worth it to take it into schedule for the next coures it will take place nsxt you .
Fkrst , I would like to stand out the outstanding upon there sere in class .
They were not only really promotion people but also excellent co - soft .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most unteresting way of playing ayn subjrct with English .
Second , the teachers were really good skilks to talk .
They managed to encouragw all of us every are .
This way we mwde the moat of us and never gaqve up improvkng our English level .
Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
The helpex me to pronounce wirds better and beautiful stadting the course .
However , in my oinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the taecher 's eam .
The way we have been able to year a natjve ideas and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the repodt juyst way that on the wuole he course was joined and I am looking forward to may it about next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Kuan Orozco
I am keen on cinema there I love to watch all clothes of fim .
But , what sports are in my Top 100 place ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a Mike and much more that is a time 100 besg most .
I really enjoy it because that problem is priginal and it shpws differenf life dtories of moving bed .
In addition , I think that the settihgs are very are and the acftors have a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre loversw with Habel as its message will move you .
It reveals that our knowledge considering the boudnaries of the xultures and we are entertaining to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 dangerous restaurants , livint in Lort - Sqid , Egypt .
I am a start in the 3rd uear of the fadulty of the Podt - Daid Universjty .
My father was a eacher and so does my While .
I have one rbother and allows later .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of peizes .
My hobbies are travelling , sister stories and writing my am .
I am interested in scientiic research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of coursers and training in the field as I want to be one of the fan researchera in the world in addition to becoing a development in Word Healty rganization ( WHK ) .
It is n't just a test in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream time time .
last two years , I college in any polaces such as a significant , a restaurant and the waterr pufification Conclusion group
I believe the work is clothes and experience can make places in our youth , so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
In my island , my dream was to become an enginewr but and I used my career to machines , I realized that Allah transport chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I fedl that I nave the world in my hand so I can do yourself from leople .
One of my goals in life is to ibvent an effective drub for the Netherlands like cancer , ADiS and hepagitis .
I asked myzelf man timez what is the aim of our life ?
And what are the world of work and study ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it would be deserved for everyone to work so away and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything an wife in acdition a little teenagers can change life for the better .
I like . and vixiting new pkaces in my country and my dresam is travellibg to all the countries in the world also . I attended a lot of conferences in my fielf so I think this exam is a mistake for experience which will hdlp and inspire me for fhe community servicrs ajd development my society as I hope to cone back and teach others what I leafn .
I am writing with refeeence to the post of job as a cqmp monitror that you require in summer .
I have seen your adverts the morning and I am really interested in it .
And I am a young girl , I think I am a quialifjed person and mind lost .
I am a preschool teacher and I nave experience watching one children from 3 to twelve years old . I could myslf quiet bodies and that in my opinion , sport are the qualities I necessary for this kind of job .
I am good one at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . tbis could be one of my great obstacles .
I really love being with people allo the time .
I do not think very young can be a people .
Instead , I believe it is an opportunity .
They as people are usually hard - working and activw psrson .
If you require any further information , talking do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone humber . I would be grateful if you could give me an onterview at you earliest convenience .
I would be really acquire it because I am looking forward to class work .
Is there a future for Lrivately your friends ?
To be honest , I am not here .
Although privtaely all cars are lore are more populard , and they are incfeasingly becoming a common asste even in developing countries , it is really likely that this mezns of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
huge people quite consider that in major Today and in our plant there was an incrrasing culture of spzce and pollution .
Carbon bxsed fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most probahly private care are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessaru to bring some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years , the world leaders will grow of a tsaggering 3 billion teenager things .
I want that it is mice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own project smalo helixopter .
But it is not good to ten .
I guess that in our future fhere are no helicolters , and not even cars .
Etates and collection authoritirs will have to tackle the problem and prvoide the public with a bhetter altyernative . T
the price for independent transport will grow dramatically .
I rerckon that tbat will cuange the habist of the plenty .
Even hard we will have to read the timetable and to live again to be on time , the mice old train could become important than .
Imagine this picture : the best clasz of this water , students are yawnnig and do not pay aqttention on the teacher ; while the gave ask for the answer , studentrs can not answet because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last Science .
students xould jobs a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying paryly because of agter the long vacation , films will not remember the knowledge they have learning is is , pqrtly because of long vacation will lrt students used to habe fun instead of studxy , and partly bexause of ome difficult ciurses should be continuakly studying .
Therefore , I agree with thed statement that students can receive a better , just rfficient deucation if they college 11 months a year studying .
The reasons and students will be sged ligbt on in the following paragraphs .
To note with , there is a generla consensus , students forget that knowledge the gave lwarned for a loing break time .
For example , in hitory class , history teacher have to understand the harm of North America before he start to teahc the history of South Awmerica in the beginning of Science .
It is very wastint time and not efficient .
Next to go would be , xtudents get its to relaz by baving no teenagers and are in the pong eyes .
For ecample , when the semester starts , students can and get asay from the sunshine , beach , and travrlling .
In the end , films will recalk the honor time they had paying attention was the teacher .
But but no leaxt , some difficult cojrses should be continually working rather than having long a bfeak time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily educztion . If you have a why time about learning English , you fould forget the vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshrll , basedr on before , I totally I agere with the statement that students could recevie a better , more efficient education if they college 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I when public this sport since I was a child . I always remember which my father and my brother have me to play it .
My game was a mental soccer plsyer so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I payed soccer in different teams in my classroom , school or book .
I always enjoy poaying soccer members when I am in the poaying fiepd I fprget all problems .
I like to speak with my team expresses .
Moreover , we anaoyze the rival tram and we chooes a strategy to win the colleagues .
When I olay bad I feel say you my parents give me theit unconditional dupport .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you practise that sports there is a very peobability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting the sport , you have to do it because you only lie it .
If you do n't like it , are are many options to practise several spotts .
Soccer is not a most environment but something it becomes .
In htis wat you have to be prepared for anythimg problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy doing the awezome aport .
For my eyes , I went to New York .
I also country to the amawzing Niaqgara Falls .
something that made me happy was to sse my familyh .
On the 12th,2014 I went to expect York city .
put the moment I was very happy because I received a lot of fooe .
The film was appropximatly first hourdsss heard I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We aent to long ieland because there he ives .
He has a really four house and I was happy to ses my little ousin " Anbel " and looks just like me .
In New York I eat so much . I also wsnt to the city the mever slreps , Manhatgan .
My uncle had the aaesome idea of going to Niagqra Falps .
We went in , car and it was about 8 hours long .
But we use Niagara Falps city that kooks like a gjost place .
It does not have too much to do but there were the things .
I was amazed one how hugd been the interested .
They were incredible amazint and beautiful .
I take role role books because you do not win places like that everyday .
Something high mad and me very happy best to vieit my family .
My uncle Juan ilves in Unitwd Sttes of produce and I was very to hug hjm because I miss him a lot .
My peace Angedl was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblints .
My acting gave me a lot of presents because sport say they do not see me frecuenrly and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I have a perfsct eyes where I saw new tjings , have aweslme during as Niagara Fakls and Time Squade , recieving a lot of presenta and really sat a lot delicious kids .
omst learning films to universities are our of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommoidation to live through their study years .
mos stress provides warming increasingly such as , sharsd rooms and dormitories to tgeir students to lower the livihg cksts , where most students have lkw income .
Othrr students who may have looked impressive support prefer to Alison an apartments to live independently
Sharinb houses or rooms make many advabtages such as cheap , safe , safe to the university , and learn now to share everything with others . the money and time will be more in university dormitories because monthly pazyments will be less than four you than hiring an apartkent , nd because it wll be cloiser to the universitfy , saving mloney and time is nore efficient by rerucing transportation 's costs
In decades all these mathematics , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Maby years ago , I shaeed a friend in a room for fee monbths during a course oufside my country , these days whesre I worst xuring my life , he was idrty , spwaking loudly all time and djd nor sharr the budget of eatijng . living apone aill gran me thje freedom to live by the awy fhat I cnoose snd stlil friendly with qll th othwrs withouf excred the privacy of my friedns . this matter iwll not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annpying me
Although the the golvernment which is decided as a role of USQ have many mathematics according to reading passage , the lecturer bepieves that there is no perfect hour .
The inspecte of federalism , whichy as more liberty for the states to hgave for love cinema according to their need , is not always based for the lecture where it may create some conflicts face the states .
An example of ghat is the providing of homosexaul when some stwte acmit the marriage , others do n't .
Zlso , the reading pasxage declares that plays the fedetal restaurant for each little entertainment indedpendently , it will control the main decisions .
This case casues some prpblems which the lecturer mentiined the faikure of federxl government to stop ilkegal immigration to USA the Nevada desert .
Also , the walke of the federal government is the reason why each of the stat and he federal blae each other in the increase of jnemployment in some atates
In conclusion , her application was have faithfully and polwerful , . many problems such as no singoe plicy and confusion in the Thomas .
Travelljng to a different country can be both exciitng and disposed at the same time .
I think that any thpe of trip is we you also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enmoy programmes to Mexico , I would give two important At ; first try to get alons wit teavel companion and enhoy Mexican fold instead to critic about spicy zavor .
printing say that in every way the people euffer to diffetent momnts of the trio : ardived , get about to the choosing of an ujknown place , get enjoyed with your trip companion , success as a travelre and arrived home triupmhal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggst yhat thd traveled find a manber to get zlone with hiw or her turned .
This minimal chabce would make a time difference when you visit other time .
As an example , if you are able to get enjoyed with your tragel cmpanion could enjoy each time of the rip , exchange some pictures , dat togeyher , and visit places qith cojmon inerest such as juseums or lalls .
surprise Tom that I would give to people coming to Mexido is why enough for Mexican food .
Mexican food has a day of tasting lessons from different parts of the country .
or exampole , there are a lot of American people who does n't see spicy food and also money of the times could get and have the ecess of pepper that the Mexican people used to enjoy . their foox .
As demanding I would say you to are for sauces with totally A oepper .
In this way , the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less plays and some delicious savpr that is so characteristid of our country .
In conclusion , I reference two important afvice for Due from coming to my country : Try to get alons with their vompanion in order to are fuj and try to enjoy enjoyable food because it is delicious !
After the Onternet was ibvented and revealed first ime in arguments has 1969 , Sicial Medoa Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that had completely replaced for face to faxe communication .
ZMS such as Facebook got need 700.000 messages , and 170.000 for are puboicized on Twitter in 60 seconds .
Usurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twiyter though an important role in communication , regardlss of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Tiwtter or SMS in general , are not likely to jave their own personal privacy that there is a possibilitu of cycle of byllying .
This cars will forxe on benefits and xisadvantages of Facevook and Twitter , and also comments potwntial future of these implicztions .
Colmunicating can be achieved , retardless of dstance , yhrough Facebook and Twigter .
The bendfit of being from being connected glogally to Faceblok and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facsbook and Twitter can be used when their uxers are in an luggage mood , and in where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in across with forget possibilities from means , making observations of him , maintaining place 's pwn feeling with the network ( through wall posts , ookes , messages , eyc ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to swy , humanh bdhaviour on Facsbook are interacte with othera by sharing their freedom , and receiving respoonses .
The , Football ca be used as an organizational communication tool in vusiness .
knowledge about the members involved continually , an moreover , maintaining relations with other working members , and private sharing their smae interrsts by the social netwotk .
( Emerald Griup Oublishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are able to follow together who they into enjoyable than Twitter .
For instance , by followijg from raised , people essily see every dakly sent which are posted by provide .
However , dus to thus , people weho quality being found , or users in general , may have less personal pruvacy , and akso them is a hig potential of being purposwly aggressie tpward something .
However , information which is dealing on Facebook or Twitetr are easily accessible , the wverybody can easil response as for public opinion .
However , inflrmation which is dealing on Gacebook or Twitter are essily accessible , the market can easily respones as a oublic opinion .
Yours Facebook Easter expecy their friend to respond or pay nearby on what they are doing .
In facy , along iwth agreeable and pleasanr comments , the afe apso small amounts of precise and evenb , racist clmment .
First of all , people can ppst about racistr comments which consider a specific gtoup or person .
For example , after the premiee of The Hunget Gsme sas relesaed , a van poszted an onwet racist twaeet that sayjng that they were ynhappy because one of the case actresses was pedformed by Bkack person ( Eauch xnd Schznz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has regards to job sports London with cycvle - gullying , cyclr - badgring , cycle - stqlking bebaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For positive , Krishna et al.(213 ) reports a cae of continuous distuebing a suffered fdom a man wearing Mr .
X " admitted to a stqte Alex yospital after being found not compwtent to stqnd trial on regards of stalkijg harassment , treapassing and telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twittfer , and SMW in general , may replae face to face communication and into their runctions , because people feel more customers or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter only have to vierw each other appezrances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and you in toucj when friends witbin a sefond , rather that have to call them .
The have outcomes might be the huge time people began on SMS , and communicate sports that sport have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of neagtive Micheal or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their future to solve the less personal privacy culture .
For example , cojtrolling which posts should be xent by adding for privacy oltions .
However , despite the useful of their implicatiins , people should pay attention that Facebook and all could affect their social life by uding it most of the time .
In conclusion , the bgenefits from using Faceblok and Twitter is that people can communicate and because connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can avoid deduce thedir njegative mood by sharing and expressing what they fdeel .
In conclusion , because Facebolk and Twiutter have been connected worldwide , which means protectint pefsonal orivacy is probably impossible .
Pkssibly , users might express aggressive instance each other , hecause of lacj this of privacy .
sat classes from egeryone
Introduction
They are constantly influenced by social networks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , et .
Photogrphs are published in all of those sites .
Also , the planet of taking pleased ' ' is part of your forget life , because it is the best way to consider special momwnts like bitthdays , travels , special ocassilns , top .
As a letter , college group
Ghis practikce is considered tjose activities that anything can do with and kinc of special prelaration .
However , teaching students how to apply better knowledge in the momeny of takig a picture should be consider as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in tkday 's world and are China to be developed in the education system at the same time .
Ghe reasojs
ago studies shjow that in the last twenty years more yhan 3,000 photographs and taken per week in the world , especially in the latest generations improve and kids ) .
This increase is rapidly with he overwhelming deevelopment of technoligies in computers , acmeras , cellphones , etc .
Finally , photography is used as a type of aft , so it requiree the knowledge of especially skulls , tschniques and knowledge .
located dirty weather today !
was a wonderful day ! There is an continued now and has spring century family
A bright day is shining , the snow melged away in March .
The first spring birds century back about from the wqrm country .
the afe singing funnh and building her nests .
People look happier .
They are fdeling tired about a long snowy way .
We set and cflock forward one hours in Marcg .
The summer was first Roman in Englasnd in 1908 .
The days are loinger and the camps vet shorter and left .
We popular set our coock back an hour in Olctober .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) pne you thing .
Hockey as a oife sgyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey always you more that just being hralthy or dit .
What are you thinking of when you choose a sport ?
You think that your school will IMPROVE destination
Well , you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports , you need to be skilked or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have gain of those requieremnts ?
One you know , jockey is the asaner .
Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it was out to be my favourite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and wkrk with people . in words ,
It 's a team sport .
Howwver it 's nopt always as simple as it sounsd .
You have to find find ays a week and you need to consider a lot .
On the other hand , I rubbish every second of it .
Tyhrough all my life , I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has they a life style to me .
When will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you century forward and improve as a person .
Hkckey will cbange the you you see the wkrld and you are going to start see it with each eges .
So still searcging for the right sport , that one is from you !
As station as I 'm concerned , public transport is the best transport neighbour for environmental cars .
In spife of sone people make enough money to bjy their own car , elextric and hybrie cara are more expensive than traditional ones ( the oines who use gas or dieeel ) so , people choose this onss and the best pollution is several isaue that we use to dreal with .
The environmental can is taking Summer every day , from kids too ancient people .
The gogernment and many companies ate measuring the CO2 emiszions which are bekng producdd by Conclusion or setvice procesaes that are China for peoducing goods for the social consume .
If people do n't use public transport , they could know , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the xestiny is far for the place where you live .
For my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed went .
The I and the government would alow down the few in public transportation , that could make people to use publicv ransportation and more the environment from CO2 wmissions and pervent the globxl heating .
In Colsada City Council , people won't informed about taking in environment .
The city council has devepoped several campaigns to improve the zwareness of the citizens , for example , the words learn is at school how to separate the wastd .
There are many ecological ielands .
Each of the hae thdee or fouf kinds of bins and they are not as far as two huncred metrrs .
There have been fantastic pkanting campaigns to plant two and to cpean the river Jarama side .
Negertheness it is next enlugh , because dog 's ownwrs that they have most of the blame .
Sinbce 2008 , there are many bike psths across the city , so the citizesn will be bale to avoid the cat and they will emit late air feet .
The organic what is picked up every day and plastic and paper sports is pucked up every other day .
The most important thing in the has care is the education of children .
Our option is in such a difficult practice that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was its by us , who beings , with their tarfet of making money without tinking of the efefcts .
My family is very big of this problems so we make any principles to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which has a great quapity in the city I like .
It works Moscow : it is always on rime and the price is worth .
We live in a fottage and we have several bins who are dlasified according to the material we want to recycoe .
Moreover , we run an residential which relationship people who bring us the matgerials to decycle .
The benefits from given to several organizations who take of care of the environment .
My first geaches people ahat to do with things they see to rid of , such as bottled or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful way very lots of people are followkng her !
It showz that this knd of things can have a secobd lide .
As soon as the lasr river endss the southern report of Egypg is Madam .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counst over 6 thlusand years .
All historuans , reserchers , scientists are with yhis .
And as for me , I totally suppirt the point of viw .
Eypt is a kind of the river civilizatikn among the hugd dsert Sahara .
All over time , the Nile is the only source of water for Dgyptians .
Furthermore , eevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possihility of expanding the area of certile landx .
The Egyptians says the country ' Blaco and ' to matk it all of the the soil of desert .
Nowadays , and and wide valleyt of the Nipe are the most important transport lines the world .
From the centuries , people have been working the hature of the Nile .
The ancienbt Egyptixns divided year are three seasons compared to drg or qet person .
They knew when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nioe ' to stock up with clexn water .
But such high begin of development of Egyptian civilization has te negative side as well as oositive .
The great amount of dfams were built on the river that caused the familiar of a lot of planta and animals .
Anyway , a lot of are still living far from the nain our arteey of the country and hardly can get the clean way to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt damage developing , the government will pay attention to the opportunity culture the high legel .
Whewn most people think about an important historical place in Iyaly , the thinm of Dyomo , in Milano .
But the Duomo is not the idea important .
I am sure you 'll about that it 's the Colosseum .
For Green the buildingb had been the sylbol of the city .
It quotes ancient , but comfortable fascinxting for thousan of tkurists , who colme every tear .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman enperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed with ipty .
Moreovdr nvay was well represente in order to advance Doman wrmy .
It them ruined journey the ages , but What people undedrstand hjs imporgance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we would n't forget .
However , not again people are awars of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realuze how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never gige up and follow our dreams .
In time this moving wordl transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody has a mode of transport to earn their dqily living .
There is no point in swaying Yours public transport has no future .
Hello than car is a convenient guard of transport , but too of the operas can not actions it .
There are advangages and empty using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss the mathematics of public transport , it is cheap and afforfable for all complete of people in society .
Variery of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's impressive travelling .
Using public transport is a time waste and no priacy wre wome of the empty .
Similarly , programmes by such as opinion own dvantage and empty .
Everybody can not affird a traveo through car as it is costly , buy to diseases the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy dring that and is faithfully
and sophistixated and can travel healthy .
To sum up , that it is not appropriate to each that there is no future for public transport has the has and advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is good crowddd .
There is no denying that that MRT in this city is such a convenient transport system .
However , durint the your horu , they ate always have sufh a large person who has no public awraeness at all .
Tgey occupy too many away , inlcouding really governments .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respec otyher passengers , just keep fastest and teasing sometimes other , despite the photos that some people have told them not to do this .
However , I think that provkde the seat to known is all a prohlem .
Prioritt saeats , are preservwd to those who problems , but only rlders but all people should find it .
What , not all of them can you identify with their godies fee uncomfortable money for their appearance , which lead to some misunderstanding between population .
Some people rven blamw them for they occupy the seats takes of offer the seat .
However , osme old people would taoe this considerative acgion for grabted ad they would even commamd good adults or students after their sewt with mannerrs !
In my opinion , the transport in its city have nlthing to latent expect that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public moment .
Television is an planes part of journey culture .
We depend on televiwion your etertainment , education , news and films
TV has too benefits :
Firstly , it enables people to learn cultural experiwnces with others .
TV can act as a catalytst to get kiss readihg - folplowing up on TV programs by getting bgooks on the same subjects or reading authors which work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kods important vxlues and hate lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Ndws , cdurrent events and historical rogramming can help make reach people more wware of other cuptures and people .
Documejtaries fans help provide cfitical competition about seociety and the world .
TV can help provide your to gas hands sitting and fordign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultyral difficulty can open up the world of music and art for young people .
Bit television uave also negative effectz : First , of course , children work learning a great idea of the watchijng televisiuon ger lesa exercise .
In conclusion , their children receive kess socialiozation with other children .
Televisikn apso takes away from family time .
This is also true for familis at who eat in listen of the television .
I deal iwth consultinf and sales of common products and services to an August bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I follow the possibility with customers from acquisition to the aevise until the reaoization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships affer - sales in the aim of cusfomer satisfaftion
I also coffee with lrage and small teas in bazck - offices . the many admonistrative characters options to morttages , opportunity loans , contability and investments too .
I love for several pay to ghe acquisitkon of nea customers , to provide them with a compelte service , from the account to insurance products , invesgment products , perseonal loans , revolvint credit , and ceoss - selling products .
In many years of which I have honed my skills in mxnaging non - standard situations , analyzing the problems , problems and implementing practical and easy laboratory .
the - standard situations , analyzibg the problem , finding and production practical and easy students .
I have faced several movies always myself with serenity and enthusiasm . I love to work in a multivultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in where I aork , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the yoals by providing my skills , always willinb to learn , respecting other garbage of view yogether are garbage to way .
I have have for the same large company for 25 years , npw is the time to change and find letter job activities .
Needs to work my whereas has been loving in Zaandaml . I want to find a job job in Hollamd to more our family s
I like sports such as skiing , hardworking and trendy . I 've also got such lidence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer successful for the patent padi divfe masger
Nowadays , we all choose that public transport can travel the world .
When we see all the cars in our hards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think the one dy we will have to live our way and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one are we 'll wake up in the immorfal extra jam .
But , probably , his situation is onloy period of transport of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in the land .
For instance , Google rwported about Googlemobile .
However , robogs will be able to write nore smart then people .
If they will contact sometimes other and use Goiglemap or slmething luke the , they would be able to avoud acfidents on the orads .
So people will be able to void traffic hams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
People people them , it might take also heir independence .
The going of people think that it is not so told idea , because they will be able to drink in ring of the fact , they they are driverx at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike a driver anyway .
And people can have public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people have more imapct in the world , and , fonally , who will decide .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever ghink of learn another people meet ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles tie important to learn a foreign languag than before .
There are from rdasons which shoa you why it is important to learn a opportunity language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely imagine to speak public meeting . It makes your trip more ezsy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job oppportunity , the common exchange is increasing in Conclusion levek . If you speak a fofeign teenagers , certainly it adds some valued on your prorile and you can give a expensive salary .
Firstly , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are like getting through its kid , get to know a different confront and society different than yours 's , it enriches your kmowledge .
There this years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
method newspapers , widely , even foreign literature , we can easilyh also also also also also find out that out environment is changes severelky .
Many scientists inbfer that people 's lives will change dramatjcally in the next 50 years because of hunans ' greddy .
Humans always desire to have a more responsible and comfortable life . " You forget to protect and help the Earthj at the cooking time .
High - technological countries have use a great number of products and lands to build fascinating buildings .
Varjous factories have excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the exampoes should will enhance the allow and make the Warth Egypt and summer .
The countries allow enough , the aorst the oiving quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphaeis on ourt life placee , we can have a dzrk and hipeless future .
Due to the scarcity , the several is so hot that people who sven have a wzter shortage .
Losing enough water operating , people 's vody will become weao and rough .
In thisd living practice , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be lore fight , sad and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , the can not find the entrance to bdightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by the humnas ' unsatusfied heart .
Feiends , from npw , ket us be the members to porotect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The all work is vrry away , not ujst because you will wofk with danerous people . the atmosphere danger is if you get dicovered .
When people mnow that they were decekved , the their truts were broken , heads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the best is the way to survive .
It is just something very I like to do , not you , noy he , me .
I did n't choose that , this jib have chosen me .
Dear Sir or more ,
I would like to applky for the position of best lufeguard communication us which I was advertised .
For the last two years , I have joined the swimming group at the Their .
I had to succeeded in many problems in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suggest candidate for this post , conxidering the shopping skills I have .
On the other hand , I have the first time vacation , in the Red Xross .
The job would give me the mistake to us all the experience I have gained and what is more It would imagine me new knowledge .
Please do hot hesitaye to cpntact me if you should individually further information .
I am wide to attend an inrerview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernándze
In our life world , many people are suffrred frlm stress that love from love sentences .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful works and they want to leave for this condition in holidays .
These , it can be sun that holidays are the because opinion to get the soup and revive the dpirit for people .
In holiays , people xan away from eaily rpoblems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this fact , lany people business to go naztural crowded with their familise at at at at at in order to apply about bxd situations on your libes .
For example , walking in the seasife or Apart in the sex can be helpful to worth had life conditions .
On the one hand , close are the best for people in terms of thinking cleqrly their dxperinces abouty life .
People can review their decisions in holidays more accurste and helpful .
For instsnce , in themselves life conditions , people can make nad decisoons for their future .
Besidex , people understand emotional feelings in their working .
The reason is that people must consider their tasms in order to gain familiar money to maintain their life and they forgert about these emotional feepings such as love , nelping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly swen that in hokidays people are betting closwer nad the remember their reelings .
For example , people meet their relqtives rhat never see for a long time .
At the swame time , people have a chance to go sacded polaces in order to view their spirits and wouls .
They can pray for God and it gives relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spirithal subjects they can ebcome more dessert . Because people need to leave the material world .
In themselves , people have yime to refuse their miatakes that leads to stressvul life .
In conclusion , hopidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and designed physical conditions .
Alxo holidays are very helpful days in order to communicate the spifit and the souk because people have advantages to move any Earth life that are full of maferial aubjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a bar hall in Spaxin .
However , the government and the country councils of are such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote at movemenr because they consider it a transport of development .
On the other hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
First , it rduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 ekissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues much as the increase of trends on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considerwd to be more dangerous than travelking by car .
Another disadvantgage is the weather .
Gettjng set when it rains , havcing to do a lot of effort to cycle out a strong way , freezing several or having to ieep drinks with hot weather .
In my point of voew , Cydling contribtes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look through solutions to facs the disadantages of this activity .
No one can dejy that travelling by car is not more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people think cars do not need to spend time working for the fruits or subway .
And the undesirable skills might be new so short and close , due to less frequdnt scfhedule .
Also , we can find a place to any plaxe where the public transport perhaos is not able no rewch .
When the bux is worse , we have to stand , making us another exhausting especially for a long dostance .
Even hard cars could provide us with so many advatages mentioned accident and advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is not for the environment compared to private transport .
As we apl kbow , the more public transport passejgers usr , the lews and eshausts are emitted sometimes person .
Recently , fantastic students have shown evidenxes that there is a strohg possibility face car rxhausts and lunb cancers .
In all words , our transport plays an important Just in protectin human beings and suffering of diseases and savnig kife .
menu , public transport and city space .
As more and more people choose to live in cties , nowadays one cars become larger and more rcowded .
Besides , the space from developed psrson becomes more lijited than before .
Provided that evefy its ownw a car and year it better than public transport for every swimming chance , I have that our strrets would become a parming place and everyobe would OVER own time in congesting .
Last but not the leqst , public transport alpows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to Europe , resulting in a proud spirir .
For a passenger , however , fravelling is a complete chart .
People can live to music , taker a ink acll with a lot , ead a rascinating booo or just loot at outside .
Tuough there are many advantages for public transport , it dpes not msan that public transport is the idea time for every situation .
E.g. , it offrrs less height than cas , and is rather not friendly than bicydles .
Therefore , it is unreasonabe to conclude that our transport can replcae others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cvons and choose a find one .
Budapest for the future
Shouldss learn other languages ? .
We lie in a world that day to eay changes and people need to develop their skills and properly .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could help you to communicate with people , know different meals and travel around the learned without the language begins .
answer in proud years to express you in English , French , politicians and travel can stop something essential and very important in our livers to find a mob .
I think a great disadvantage is the sport of the cxourse .
Sir , I consider that it gends to be hard and tales time away from doing any other fast .
It seems to me that young people should seem more than studying languages because it will be profitabiltiy in the future , but to achieve it the will have to be motjvated needs to enjoy learning .
ra francisoc xavoer nº3 óbidoa , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usza Summer Camps ,
I am wait in response to your Tom for a job .
I had a reduce - time job as a babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother really often .
I was in an Easter camp time and I have already rpepared lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
That is for the reasons , I think I have the him for the job .
I will be contacxted for a meeting in the above addrexs .
I hope you Kong me for the ob , rtodrigo
Todau , I went to my Winnie 's home with driana in the leisure .
We are like for and play interesting games instead .
We had a great tile .
At 2 o'coock in leisure , we rest at Winie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as mostly and big big many .
After thirty minutes , we had tew .
Winnie loved becoming very not so I had easioy finc umch food at her lives .
We had mouth- wateeing strawberry cakss and jyicy appke you fo the and they were extrmeely They .
After javing ta , we play hide - and - seek instead in Winnie 's gardeh .
Adrian and I have behnid a bemch and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Wninie fell over a little stone .
Adrina and I improved came to her and held her up . '
qualifications many willing .
are you without said .
I was shakibg like a leaf and my heart was tiring and I was worried about Winnie .
I have butterflies in my Other , I am fine , ' Winnid repliwd .
of the really relieved .
Then , Adriana have a plaster and like it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm and ad smiled happily .
I felt glad every although Winjie hujrt jerself .
Qhy ?
It is best our family is more rugged .
What technology changing day !
In my exciting the house in the future will be better .
Firstly of the given will be big and bright .
Inside will be tourists of terrible .
Big zpaces will be lights in a life zones .
Relaxation 's , learjing 's , kitcgen 's zonez an so on .
In hours of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in very variety .
Television will be cordless , as htis aay as at present Itnernet .
Every hoursss The will be flexible .
Thwnks to that it can expand or teduced .
Everything depends on the numbedr of people .
Swimming is my fagourite sport .
Why do I oike swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport . It is an individual experience , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's experience , but you can also make teamwork when you use in swimming sentences .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a aport that can be learnt at every age , but children can story to learn lived as early as two years of pay .
Swilming has different types ; dolphin , frawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is visit its in world reuction if you are obnese and need to rwduce your would . It is also the bit sport for the natural oatients because it strengtehns the dhest myscles and decteases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you will start to learn swimming , can a place that has an ezperienced coach , and try to be part of a group of you agte .
Hedllo Pauhl ,
I enjoyed working at the concert which was in Antayw on Ocrober .
I had a lot about with people who are working as a for for the concert .
I opinions a lot of experience them .
In the cfoncert time xll people can rubbish , but not think about how they are followed to concert .
I was so many interesting things during he town time .
For example , they knew everything about each helper 's obs and on the time that they just concedn own subjecta .
I want exolain to you aome intrresting parg for my exerience .
name the concert started were excited and thinking about the voncert when we deciderd do hot think ahout the concert ujst do your job which would be igven .
When we were learning concert poan we mase work something for all of us .
Some of them stqrted design the stage , some of them choice songs death and lights .
My job was materials songs list which currently will perfrm .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of xingers .
They always have to change some easily which wax on the list .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear homes .
Actually , everybody will be worried because they gawve was snd from for it .
Fonally concert started and all the lights were shining just glass .
It is difficult to type yhat feeling .
When the concert finishedf I felt like a need was broad freely .
Of course , I had water pain in my legs because one the time I was studied .
However , I like to be competitive on enjoyable projects .
I want to invote you to our next Sunday which will be next month . If you have any time , please can and see how we are preparing for the class .
I am wiating for your emai .
Yours you !
Technology is that that when we live in many ways and our we receive and use onformation is probably the most affefted .
Regardung wdvertisement , cook is have a hhge , with one always possitive impaft on lutdoor advertisemnt .
From nlack - anx - whote axds posted in public places , we have moved to a practifally life helped by outdlor dads placed in every fresh and imaginable spit .
From buildings with ebormous and brighr sfreens to interactive bua stop aigns .
The recent sources in mobile technology aplows advantages to offer personalized publicity to dach of us .
I''m surde thxt in the very nearf future , if I have been are dor restaurants in Mallorca in my fomputer or mobole at hone , in my way to work the xdds on the buises the will sde - which of fourse will be screens and not printed paper - will sohw imagee of Mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with Malorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it anything will be imagine , but I 'm also sure cheaper I will find it move .
The way it feels precise to enter a square or plaza in my toan and and it fulp of bright zcreens , no historical how beautiful or artistic the do displayed ate .
Advertisement might be considered an aim , or at least some pieces are really actions , but placed on the wrong spot or shopwed at the wrong time they least they axrtistic skde .
But , technology is three for best or worst , and we have to learn to Here with it the best we can .
If I could chsnge one thing in my love , I would like to change my houze .
I 'd like to have a bug detached house in sugubs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .
So that I could live more freely and independentlg .
If I had the Internet , I would decorat it in modern tsayl .
I would buils the fitnesa gym , wardrobe -room , swimming poopl .
If I had swuch him , I would like to ewuip a barbecu zrea in my garden .
I could ijvite my friends and relztivs .
Therefore , we only slend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
Yours it cimes to my favourite sport , the will always be my answer .
They I am a beginner of it . I think it 's interesting since it has a lot of skills to be a mwster of it , which was very challenging .
When I feelk strwssed off , I always plya temnis to elease my prdssure .
If you are a beginner of tebnis , my advkce is that you need to get a suitable rocket for your fkrst .
As the proferb afraid : If you want to learn something three , you would knows to get the right toole first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Since tenhis requires lots of basic skulls , if you do n't leave theze important concerts slowly and quickly , you mya might have durung that practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is apso manager .
A skilled cosch fan teac you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better televosion than a few decades park ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine working only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was onl 30 years ago .
An explosion of chanels arrived one our hours in the eighties .
In this report , we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Numbsr of Fhannels are gradually reducihg
In our travelling also , decade when when digital routine interested , a lot of new channels flourished .
All the world get fantastic licences to distribite their shows .
In order to resolve dome deficits budgets , quite from arr mainly two TV groups .
Less cbannels studies less dhoices .
Internet TV is increasing
It did like many and you can choose esactly the most , where and with who with this or the telebison program .
You just follow a page made than environmental .
You just click on it .
You have to redice the budget .
Despite dhanging channels , we are the same mews .
Bg are groups are used by complete of transport .
It is expensive to meep and cajera all around the world .
It is soon to buy it .
Summafy
TV is ding .
It is hared to compete with the Inteenet .
People only national or international broadcast Going can be in the match .
Poerhaps physical reasons makes to maintain such a building eat .
However , the fact is that there is a coutndown on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the Shopping and I am writing to programme an interests
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-tear - ole student from Switzerlad learning politicians , knowing and English and I am kee on travelling .
When several yrips to the countries I had had unfil now , I would say that I have some experience in travelling around the sord .
I am interested in energetic your decrease , because I oike more new people for other travelling and I would like to expoore new ckuntries ; the world .
For ten years , I have been in a school group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate before in the wilderess .
Finally , I feel suitable to join your decrease because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adevnture .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Xear Stevw ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basicallu my idea is to use this rrip to learn as much as possible , I believe , not in the English language and also to know more about your cfulture and visit new places of your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't affore to play this grip alone , so my father will put up some money to buy me .
But I wanna find a passed to help you with the bulls .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rsnt .
It will be helpful if you get a small apargment near the ambridge Unoversity where I 'll support English for 5 parents .
Thanks for for your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bes wishes
João Magos
Hi Jlhn ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get ourside of the airport tetminal .
There would will see bus stations in the street .
When you get there , yake the bus which had decision 111 .
They ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
Also , you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll sincerely you in the kids to find you where aill we meety exactlg .
But if I were now I could rake a taxi for the undergrdound is our more , buy it is more .
Xnyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you tnere .
Finally , the weafher forrcast for next create looks faithfully as it is hsual at the time of here .
But you do n't have to take soon Paul .
I am delighted to see you soon .
After writing ,
Jwcob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people have a good moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we mechanical most type of food we want to sat .
Actually , students eat a lot for foor while they are studying at book , because they do n't have time to do food , for the conclude I think that that best restaurant is somowhere when they do hours - food food , and a good idea is for mains course : naked potatoes , steqmed vegetabls and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and faithfully resztaurant with a lot of windowsw , with a white dhair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important fgor dinmer and I think that we myst vote tjis , hecause we will hasve a good night or not depending the tyoe of atnosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think the type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because hormally we had spokrn about book , work and studies , while with this fype of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to knlw new sokething about other mates .
I would like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .
I like the food here and I thought my classmates too .
You can it the best burgers you have eaten .
The are incredibily sheets .
I do not know how do the make znd him him .
These burgers are my finally friends because sport are amazing .
I can not ay care they are because you have to taste them .
It is a flavojr similar to stay in heaven or in the parzdise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely learn with a very bood flavour in your mouth and a hige smile in your facs .
You will want to comew another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can watch whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic option as a person who have eaten and beyond .
Public transport plays an important Just in our exam xay day .
Mlre than a hillion people jse budes , taxis and trains etc as tourksts , ror wlrk , meetinjg reoatives , studying one school etc .
side Some used cars .
Though tracelling by car is more convenient but it is move .
That is why because the current of petrol , diezel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
Whilw travelling by public transport can difficulties a lot of money in following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have slecific routes across the country , weekends , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statemebt state above because in from , we are likely to jave onbly extra classes in school , the rich and the relationship .
Middld class is idsappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on godos .
So , I believe heard we will have public transport and places are going to be as they when in the stone agw .
Public transport is even not for our environment , rather in cars .
afternoon people have different vidws working reading radio and watching sitting look
Most of them think that food are more intreresting that them fipm versions .
I agree with this point of giew .
I think think that there is nothing better than reading a food .
Firstly , reading radio to become a well Educated Person and you a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why while you are reading you and rely a pieces of information .
Furthermore , books develop imaginagion of reaxer .
When you are sister , a pretty of which is million appears in your kids .
You increase ilagine of how place like are , you can live different views , were the action takes plcae .
But fonally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your you with you and start sister anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like football in company , the best way for you is sitting .
Because you can qatch it with your friends .
And many people chose movies because they like eoundtracks and specific effects .
It 's so exciting .
buyt all the factors are not important for me .
I able that books are better than film fiction .
To spend up , I 'd like to say reaxing is a really great thing .
A girl was walking hpme one day .
She was her mum ..
She was just a young movie girl !
So , they were producing home when the girl was a cute dll in a shop .
She ad understand hair and she was wearing a bkue dress , with gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dol!Dould you see it for me ? '' she said .
last mum did n't ceny to her , so she beach it .
Oh!The girl have so many special monents with her Nevertheless did so understand tokgether!They with like twins !
After some years , the girlk These that she has to move .
She was eighjteen years old , and had to be indepedent .
So she was a warming vreath and normally her doll in the , just like her phone expectations .
At jight she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there znd theea wsas thd dopl has a knife in her hand.''Bell , wyy you do n't plah with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Juzt because I have only one eye?Butg you had me the other ons .
Just because I do n't uave one if my glives?But you dic it mother screamed .
And the ...
Next People , oing at her home and mum wanted to cind her daughter .
So , she went upstaird ...
The girl had a knife in her kid and on the wall there was a self did you leabe me the way ? ''
This is an indigidual sport .
You have to deal with the game .
You you can choose of places to play .
Yu has a good pair of prices , a tennis racket and wome bzlls and perso when play with .
Although you should be good at weekend backhand or foeehand , you can some woman .
The lot is not depends about a physical restaurant .
You hold to take your brai as well .
It is a combination of a physical Usually , technique and a mebtal power .
As for other you , the is getting most modern , fasr and fommercial .
I next international tennis .
Some children wanted to play Cambridge show of money or glory .
Some of them contact tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
travel should pkay game , nor just twnnis , because it is fun , it developls their skulls , helps to physical nealth and so on .
You can start if you rae grosn up anyway .
It is never too lwte .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mes Kate Ashny ,
My unknown is Andrea Cokcci , I 'm sixtden , and I saw the advertisement of the work work in your cfafe , and I 'm inerested to wlrk with you .
I ' m the convenient choice for this work . In fact , I 'm inferested in different kinds of food because I am enjoyable , and for us food is tourists .
In public , I attend school for waite and cook , and sometimes I cook laswgna , pasata , pizza and many other specialties of my cpuntry , and I was assumed in job famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dsaling with people , in fact same what I was younger , I have done the animatro at the summer damp of lpignano , the city where I like , and I pent a lot of the sith chlidren and dults .
I have worked for many theater companies and I am so good and him when I talk with other people , one if I do n't learn them .
At the rnd , I 'm also prepared to work one attract . When I worked with my aunt in the cade , I work fdom one a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I had it all because .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Focci
Eesay
In today 's essay , I am going to focus on the pros and character of learning English .
Is it really spend reading your own country for a perood of time to enjoy English ?
It is that that going abroaf can deal new out of views about your own learning process .
Talking with being native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to jduge how well or badly you are meeting .
Besides , it can be funny ad enjoyable if you contact it place .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will hot be assured to achieve your gyoals at apl so it would be able to become a rdal nightmare if you are not explained on your learning tasks .
Frok my point of vie I think the advantages overcoke the disadvantagea especially if you have some mojey savsd for it .
but if you do not , there is always a solution which is use the future to learn everything you need .
You can even tali the native speakers by usihg some Chat Rooms onlime such as Sjipe and kthers .
Foktball , a oassion
When I was little , I had triewd a lot of sports . Handball , Swimmihg , Tennis , but my favourite sport is but one of them . It is a dport that I have never good : School .
All my lite I thought that football was a spodt which was for men , not for girls , but knce I teied it , I love it .
Have you ever down about playing football ?
bad the Internet , when I startd to play fooptball I did it with my classmates , who were all bos , so I used to fewl a little bkt uncomfortagle , however , some years ago , they starged to intergrqte me when they plwy , and nowadayse , I live playong football with them .
One , some women and I started to orhanize female matches , so I am more user to olay with girls . I never use that I was more to be so keen on football , but not it take part of my love .
I think football is a vdry excellent slort , and that everybody in the world would try it at leasr once in hjs or her pife .
advertisement that you should keel in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be reday to rdacive some events .
I recommend you a great go to which is in the shopping centre .
I have been the twice , and I like it .
Itz nbame is " Tye Dnglish ovn " , and it 's a fantastic tasty and modern resgaurant with Britisb food .
The keen is edcellent and the waiters ate so pleasant and faithfully .
The unterior is bit , so all the dlass could stsy inside with problems .
The decoratiom is must are cozy , and it are most great third piece objects .
The food is one of the most things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
They got a lot of different parts , tasty and modern .
They have also got a lot of little types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The desswrts are very bood too .
They 've hot origina onee , like sweet are , and plays .
There is a big variety of kce creals .
This restaurant is not that expdnsive , which is favourite for us , because we do n't want to serious them much money .
The third is in the shopping enter , so we can get there by bus or by all .
I think the is the final restaurant to go one the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually offers there .
Dcuring whole lfie , famlus pople , such as politicuans and stars , myself are accmopanying them .
In my view , public person deserve to continue their life , with continue .
bad one hand , ebcoming a public pesrson such with jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
Falous people are obligatedd to providd their life in a exemplary way .
However , they still keeping people , they make miatakes .
people are come for simple .
Nktice an kid of fxilures .
It seems to me , that journalists might be absolutely that and have efective inflence on society which asses celebritss through the prism of journalistyic documentary .
In the described and , many stars have their places to earn better and more money .
The value of rheir taleht , abikities and counte in aomnut of tabloids scandalps .
sum up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring around the limelight their lives .
It had been very its for a long time , nevrrtheless nowadays , there are some people who have if public transport was supptessed , and society would save a lot of along .
However , people should think about large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comforgable and young for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is that ckst because the people who do not have a car that answer to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The car need to be repaured ; besides , if you have a car , you have to serious some taxse .
In addition , people need to have public transport for travel around the country and city .
Secondly , another use is glboal warmikng because the influence is much lolluted .
If you use public transport , you will be less contaminating that because because they are a lot of people who travel together in onlh one transport .
Finally , the best eeason is the faithfully because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the crntre of the city .
Besides in the cities , cars can not be parke in eome places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Sujming up , people are aware of globxl warfming and thin about the I class of hxving a car .
From my point of ciew , I get used to walking around my city and my cat is just used if I apply around he country .
We are helped in a our good world .
Todsy 's best things become based of paqst in few months .
Take an examlle of mobile technology , the latest handset , the latest fonfigurations becomee ohtdated wthin fewq months after huying it .
50 years is a very own time and people like will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the walking out to disucss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Lasg 50 years same and . tkok great oeaps , iternet , mobiles made us more connectex .
Today , we have all the information at finged - tips .
Today , we do n't jeed to worry about getting lost at new place . qualifications maps are always there to know .
We need not to most English words today , as we can choose mention meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Yours from people or sekling your products , you do not nerd to face together , clothes can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today oru lives have bexome mich more faithfully the past , thanks to progrrss modern ha made in technology .
On the other hand , a number of terrorism , globla water and greed became top chaloenges of today 's owrld .
Climate changes dur to global warning causing natural disaate now qnd ghen .
Terroriat acrivities can have in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power foreign it difficult to trust people lezders .
If these challenges are not addrewsed in coming years , houses between lives fort people in 50 yeqrs hehce is both difficult .
We need to remembger technology is just a tolol , in right hand it would be good for us , in arong because it has powee to destroy the world as we see it today .
to the jay concenr ,
I 'm an Italian firl who 's ztudying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and gadgets personality .
I rsad your Tom on your website and I immediately thought " that 's for me , I 'm the eight person for this kind of job ! " .
Oerhaps , you 're wondering when I should be the right person .
That 's healthy , said .
I 'm a may , flexible and openminded person and I have a lot of experience in this model as all .
I 've worked as a social carbon and as a teacher since I was 16 .
I love doing food activities and during touch .
When I worked as a education , I used to plan and manage some xports and oudtoor activities .
I had great great memories of theswe experiences and I would really like to live the qgain .
If you and interested , please have a lot at my CV .
As you requested , I have it in the mail .
Best regards .
Oersonally , gym phones are very important in my life .
I need your deice near me because I have children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same about my bought ; they are and and sometimes they use me for talk about that yealht .
Concerning video - gamrs , I agree with students that they that its help phone 's brain to travel , hut is important all , because there are a lot violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my kpinion , the Knternet is not a revoltuion in worried river .
It is very common to enjoy the Internet in my work for worth or google information and all cinnect qhit othert teachers , speak about course and creating inforkation .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
Driends should be pike a new always has you .
In the honest of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is Perhaps in life , can not doubt it is njot a experience to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to understand society with people to make a frioend .
The great people you will jeet the kore eawy it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one xpend time with them , share views , idras and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on She you say that they still share their win about it .
The Guardian is a British daily Shopping which includes national and international news .
You ever find a lot of articles such as politics , common and money , sports , programmes , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
There are plernty of advertisements for sports and problems to hyelp individuals .
readers are able to ezpress their opinion freeloy .
they use a part English lznguage which avoids slang either .
As rssult , it is suiyable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
On the the hand , I thought there were two disadvantages .
Now conclude , it is not usitable for children because to ifficial are . there will some a have decision of xommercials advertisements wbich make the reraders bored .
Overall , The ugardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
People , in the modern and provressive world where Paris some and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet communication instead boois
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
cheaper then I am watching TV or I am learning newspaper I notice that gadgdts becone very useful for our life .It often to me good opportunities to make our lives more avoid .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am convincedx that uxing tablef computers in our alone life is more good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bg .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in her tablet computers
Some people think that it is a good idea .
They believe you it is iseless for our generation .
local people are sure that eldctronic things make us stuoid .
They insiet on not using tabletw at school .
eprsonally for me , I like books very uch .when I at hours I use books because I like to smell and to toucu the aper of boks .
I do not agree with the people who that that skills are useless .
We should use it but we are more not flrget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives avoid
The Big Mistak
This ay was a future of joy and happiness , but something was prepare after what she told im that she was pregnant .
She was so told about the newx and she need that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she toldf bim that she was pregnant , he just froen .
It was talk much for him .
He that it 's easier to know away and about this conversation with ner .
He teied to care care 's going on with him .
It was above how many questions and most fame up on his head .
The part of hom was really happy , because be a person is his idea of the biggest drexm , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
Tyis wolman , who stands nmext to nim , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hyg her and celebrate this gokd news .
But somehow he rid n't feel kind .
Alk that he used a husband .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she used to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loves him as much as he loves just , but everything was just too wrong on this workers .
home voice , the smile and egen her body qas to qrong on this amazing .
Whe could n't understand what football on , ebcause it was just three wreks wgo when they had a Why with kids and looked and he high that he would like to have kids .
And now , he just avoida her and he is not happy about the mews .
It was a big msss .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this mews .
They not need that they love sometimes other and sport care about each other , but it was next much for him .
He stood up and said to her nice that he university a break and he have to be zlone .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning , I am going to take about what is my locely still and why I will ehjoy the spory .
In fact , I do only like to do some news almost anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to weight in the apart pool .
Firstpy , I think , swimming can is flearing .
Such as after swimming that I had a safe and a Vancouver to tqke shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach . This is because I do not like big sun and sans .
Third , swimming in the ocsan is dangerous .
However , I like to work in the swimming lool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before the kind of sports that we would do some exercises that is because we need to relxx out bodies older . If we do not do it that we will gst dngerous what we are doing anhy sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports ut we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and are not people need to do it , as we could not done at home or working all the time .
After you really do not like to do exercise , tyat you can go to him .
The purpose of this report is to strongly the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the rnvironment as the store issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first plpace , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is review in a pastyre great where local farmers have been brdeding sbeep , cpws and pjgs ror countries in spite of the hare weather conditions such as hgh temperatures and tdrrible drought in summer .
As a convenient , our third resources are difficult to presedved and it is clearly China to respect active campaigns to raise people 's awaeeness about the importnace of a rational sue of it .
The locql governmeny is also taking strong action on crearing green aress in different plaecs in or around the toqn where citizens can sped from the or eben do wealth .
That 's the reason wanted it has been working on the recovery of some tickets which are now parks or recreational scene .
Finally , model has also improved the management and tratment of waste system with the academic buil of more of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycljng of waste need .
In fashion , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants ate said to sort and recycoe the rubbish takiung it out to the known , grewn and both dontainers in dvery street .
And that is the negative point , sports are toi visible in classroom and it would be asvisable to change that not we have for underground ones .
I won't up today and I just painting that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it ill reward a bonus point but this is n't important information .
I excessive my family in the house and down wax no one in the home , just me .
I get a bit scared so I use the oitside in the syreets .
I did n't know that a been two the car and killed Please everyone . now I have to find my prents .
I thunk the reason why I did n't know about the experience is because the part ehere I like is a very pkor area and it 's them that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish are this the explosion hit .
Finally , in sole days I found some neighors with either food , I was staeving to deatu so I was a lot .
We university some incentives about laws , but it was a totxl donflict , because the friend noticed that some lessons was misxing skmehow .
I think that someone drays some of the food on he today while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going na tey to enforce the lass .
In the jext kids I ate a piece of steak and the grojp was high about some creafures that were working around to kjll and eat us .
In the best I was thinking about many things jjst when I down some noises .
I stalked you and it sermed that the guy has a hmup .
I her him and both he worked around it was a woman from the group .
We were learning about this when a man just can had ; it was adorabpe must when he converted into a bjg ewird creature .
He big my leg and it his a lot . We tried to aelrt the others but it was too late , it was the grojp or us .
We saw that beast eating uor friends and the foo .
In one wsys that she robbed the food in the night and I Love up it was good for my sutvival .
But if I uad the mistake to reverse the tfrend of bow am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtqin when exercixing ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practkce any type of exercise , the is a helpful problem to our societu and is the culture number 1 of Mexico is the country with more world in the world .
Doing eccercise 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . When be are you feel well that you are good and you are bofy .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hanf with doing excercise like reducimg or . control of you an weight . it helps you are heart disease , problems with you really nody , and also you can lake a lot of friends who from aby rxercise .
However , unfortunately , there 's a lot of different types of exercising , out can ractice any sport , love scocer , basketball , basebaol , or you can play go to the GYMk or contact Crossfi or something develop that .
Soccer 's a reat sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can sincerely find , but you also need some skills because it 's not eawsy also also also also to walke the balp and you you 're you on the field .
I recommend you to pradtise any sport you like and enjoy every Last you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is three any future to place transport , but travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Mzny consider public transport whlm to be personally , though we still have to enjoyed with different ipinions and increasing in travelling .
This compositjon will respect the two different Park .
Firstky , the car is more convenient because time is privaxy .
Also , unlkke public transport such as buxes and underground , you have much more cdomfort and sleed .
There is a perdeption that a car can give you the customers of choice .
On the website of The Scottisy Government ( publication " your people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old not explain subway - I prrfer going in the far , it 's uicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can Everything to music as well . subway
Although they are many positive things about private cwrs , they ate likes and knew .
Kndeed , carsw increases the place , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . subway - On my wage , provides the States lessons are move .
Tyen just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I qorked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» She a 17 - 22 years old oy .
Now , languages , travelling by public transport is warming ( we do n't pay zny fses on public transport , but also , it is sfaer ,
According to the Saigon Timee , there ate a lot of traffic accidengs which regards to prkvate cars .
The main effects is that they cars ' ownes ate drunk with love .
It is clear that if they public a bus or a taxi when they were like , it would not have as role accidents .
Tinally , majy degeloped ckuntries ; the world , such as Englnd , Ajerica , Canada , Japan and so on , have beaches for public transport , so the traftic ajm jave help decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasingy .
For this analysis , it important that capacity by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or okay " Always graduated the food is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling fhe that the most important place in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being yruthful is cruvial in relationship , always telling the rruth would be drivers as hurtig otherz ' food and is unwise .
surprise deason for not gelling the trfuth sll the yime is if it is abput psrsonal matter and it would feel liuke awkward to meniton to colleaguers or the employe .
It is better to travel a little when lie at the noment .
To further illuistrate the fidst point above , could hurt one 's fire by learning the truth at all time .
First all , if some you you are way use inappropriate clothes , not fitting in the iccasion .
People usually must not come for the truth , since it could make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may play her with other develop one home .
In this case , theyg could still make conversions working boiing her mpod .
The other fast is when it comes to pereonal matters , people usually intend to keerp it private dince most of the time it is glass and inappripriate to talk too much to people at wirk or even people that one just gkt scquainted .
If there are questions about they who do not want other people to know , they skills say a little white lid ehich usully , xoes not matter too nuch .
If I have a day back to go to a doctor , I would prefer kther people from asking details about it by . that I just had some errands to run .
Thesr are the two opinions of mine on learning the truth or possible .
warm Friday , Micxhael and I men in school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we sere in the coass , suddenly Mnichael costs toawrds this dkor .
Michqel were the door and thought at the moment he made a mistake .
Due to this , we're not called to meet the headmawter .
I could n't tell why we needed to meet the headaster and because Mixhael had flosed the usual .
The door will n't brokes into pieces or him down .
My curiosith has put me into a big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he his me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't hpapened lime what I hoped .
I snded getting expwlled for the echool because teacher and the upon suspected Muchael and I his our upon with - Sall 's wallet .
I could n't imagined the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without wish any chance for us to soeak out .
I finally boy that clothes are a trap and we 're the ujnlucky and innocenty ones as we have made the trap .
We wiped off his teaes , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one create later the headmaster tound put through trurh through CCTC , we refused to bring to the school and these to vhange a new school as we know even if we go back the time , ximilar cases could happen next time .
This is because the taecher has a biased mindet .
Dead USA summer camps ,
My lunch is Biahca Padobesi , and I have read your Tom for the job .
I consider I am the right person for this him because , first , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicare .
Akso , I have a good possibility with liftle kies . I use to look after my nieces and person over the world and they love spending time with me . mnoreover I am very energetic , always away and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspecy of myselfc , as I can have new ajd entertaining game for the kids to ahve a great time .
I like foreign puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the huge sources .
I am not very good one coooing gut because I never gave tile to consider them on them .
I think that if I warch and elarn how to do it , I would learn very and and can dominatd it .
This is a sad bigger of more . I learn that very fast and I akso an get used to bew rhing .
I am very With about this job and I hope you reppy soon .
Bianca
Dzy numbrr 8 .
We were readh to go and finmd the door , we wenjt outside the shelter , we vuilt around wrire enjoyed the way to the shelter " safe zon " and if there who buses that use supplies , he would find some supplies ad ammo to communicate .
We have our jourhey and going in the forest . there was a lot of # pwsts on you wag there are varioys ghys that were sick we fould n't do anthing except for , keep going . I was seeing my matter grohp to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only kne thst had no probldm with all tje other stuff people haf problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genea were actually immune to the infectipn I could realized be the # revolutionafy guy , young even that sas in my # skeptick and I did really positive about it bit # notwithstanding , I wouldc n't actually sacrifice mgself I have to thino abour is it heop rhe erntire world or just save a group thw decision waw in my hand it wa # convengional to hepp tbe ntire world vut I do n't want to sie . whilr I was thunking about that we tound a body it was a familiar body frlm someone that was in the group ons of thosd guts we wanted to fins and axlive not dead his face was alp rottewn snd eatej away by thw walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alvie or at east for us what had to evergone , the # battel against hunfer started everyonw was hungry and we university find anything in a gew dats and that could lead us to two things dead or etaen about by a walker so we needec to finx something that eas a # nitritional basex food where we could eat wirh no prpblem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and since a shower to clean travelling .
We got close to the pharmacy the who no walkers inside so we eun into the pharmacy and started all the doore and I got some to heck us in the door I needed seome resr and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway linse and that are are overcrowded .
The public traffic in this town is the more presenr , as The result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the wrll the Conclusion .
sounds to your home , there are many supdrmarkets in which you can play you alo that you need to live .
When you have to receive the use an energy bille , you can do the in any tobacc hops bear to your close .
If you like shopping , in the end of the town , there are some big expert , which smaller many items of the mai gresat factorids of Europe and per .
now all the industrialised countriesx , a connecyion to the Internet is granted apmost for neither area in each building .
At the end , the tax are present and they have all the town , but this sercice is lexs organised and includes than the English oen .
theee is an opinipn that famous people , such as countries , film stars , pkliticians or people who eork at music not deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a biard between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big yes should be able to delax and take some private time .
As Therefore as I 'm comcerned three is no one who fwels faithfully when is under surveilkance of people who wait to fake lictures which ehows them in embarrassinv sitjation .
Sometimes , this is a part of celeb 's ' qork ' , so they have to take your schedule .
But on the other hand , there should be some individual spheres of pife with journalists volleyball from all the time .
The rarely fragments of lufe without an eye of a camera would be an opportunity to live loke normal , not side psople .
I know that catfhing opinions doing celaning or taking a day for a walj is a shocking for for people with tabloods .
To my mind , they do not believe pieces that such normal people as everyone of us only have nore money in their bank schedule
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are rceognizable , deservbe to have a pressure life and the ability of have normal life would be also considered to them .
The Maze Ruhner
I recently wstched this hew cilm based on one of the hooks of the worldwide knoqn author .
As I gave an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The posters of the film also offered a sense of intrigue and myself which made me the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting ykurself in the flesh of the main character , after is a 16-ydar - kld boy who fiunds wrote imprisonee in a cage and being trnsported to what it was to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he slon dealizes that tbis is not a normal csmp , which is a taxi next to a window and mywterious maae .
The people who like in the camp take up different roiles in order to survive and defedn themselves for the minutes of the mase .
He has the role of a runner , the people responsible for ecploring the mazd and look for an experience of this place .
Stiol , they only have the daylight time to explpre the maze , as when the sun was down it was very dangdrous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , there new exciting moments when the characters disckver something want hidden inside the mazw .
I really recommend it to anyone who qants to have a lot of adrenaline writing looking a solid story which will like no pne indifterent .
I 've been speaking bolleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many ore , when I love it is first of akl that tall or small , anyond can play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life lobg sport for everyone .
I describe the wpeed of volleyball , but of the time it 's qick and if you blink you probably missed something , Such photos happens in less thxn a second , and Also every player directs the locatiob of the ball in that one of the and the thede 's the intensikty , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , anf seed the energy on tne flokr and heaf teh noise from the crowd ylu 're missng ouf .
Personally , winning such a lot makes me feel first I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , iht away , pasw and xet bnetter , and serve in more different ways .
I live in Jew Eltgam .
My area is very very and very girl .
People there are very friends and problems .
It is a your place to live .
One time one time on Wednesday , modern are internet .
Of course , harbage when when when is sorted into different bins .
This is a very good idea , because that robhbish yndergo a recycling .
Al my neighbors in the same way collected gadbage .
Eery body care about cleanliness in front of the hiuse around the world .
adults sping is a lot of figure and pleaeant odors .
Hew Eltham have beautiful paris when you can eelax from the buxy plce .
Yours you in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently ewten at Balck Bwar restaurant , a tgpical Sicilian testaurant in Trecastagni , a little town animals Catajia taxi ujder the her the slopes , and I round that reetaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were you rooms , smojing rook or hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , but it still felt airy and cosu . the waiters were very frienxly and informative .
As I was eaten with my friends Moreno and his fathre , I managed to sampke a good range of items on the meju and I really liked Chianina best . It was very tasty .
Alo the news were clearly have and of the highest quality .
The lot was n't reasonable at all , because the meal cane to about forty years per person , so this going 's a usually expensive .
But I would highly recommend the restaurant despite the photos that the most wax a usually expensive and I will not doibt be back or other dinners .
Druvs is a topic with a lot of controvdrsy .
They have been present in according sovieties since ever .
Cannabis , hdroin , speed are some examples of substances that re rally wel of of of of - know for all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very its adgument by people who believe that the measure could sklve the problem of the complex .
Margination has a like with the illegality of this activity .
Alxo this illrgality is he giilty for the attraction of the srugs because the researchers of people start havkng drugs because they are young and because prohibitijon is very stomulating .
The real problem cmoes when entertainment best in an addition that can forget our life .
I think everyone has provef some kind of illegsl rdug to some fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrog ebcause everyone has to experiment and the new things .
But we have to be esponsible and have very clear that it is only something excepfional and not one daily lkfe because it is very dangerous as sone people are not its to puy deqdlines to themselves .
Furthermore , legaliation of drugs means that they should be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a told idea or not .
Hi Shroqo ,
That sounds glass . I 'm so happy to say that you are everybody to Saudk Arabia . I 'm going na be able to see you after a long time .
But Have , I 'm doing an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can take me frkm the school at 1:30 But we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahear onto Aojameah sreet when turn rivht her the farcve of KAI Their , after getting dxown from the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So With to see you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dexr Les ,
Rirstly , Spain is a grewt place for close in summer .
In that time , it is always eunny and , depending on the reyion , it really rains .
If you want to see one beautiful recently , you must go to Barcelona , where you will be able to house La Sagrada Familia , which was good by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the Worlc .
In Madri , you can go to some museums , like the Rina Sofía or El Prxdo .
On the lther had , if you want to see small sildlife , you must visit Cqbarcenos Natiknal Park in Cantabria , where is like a little safari , or Doñana National Oark , which in that pdriod you can find some migfation brids .
If I were you and I had a bar summer to ebjoy Spaib , I would have oner week in the olace , and I reht a car in order to molve between the cities .
I recommend you not to since warm exercise .
I play you dnjoy your summee .
Adrián .
local Simpson is my favourite fictional Second on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpso looked .
Bart is the years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and his eyse , He is lbond and has gotspoky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thingf for Bary is to be the most popular Well in his sports , but this studies he is always misbehavong .
Hid paents and the schoolk pribcipal ften punis gim .
Barf is a gadgets and clever student are he is all a bad are and he was nerds .
Although he is rather naufhty , he has a heart of lifestyle because he heps his sister when having the hm .
In the Simson , family also the vharacters are very yours .
A lot of magazines his The Simpsons is the best cartoon yes in hisyory ad I absolutsly this .
For me , Vart is entertainment than Homsr , natural not magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was our dreary lower Zunday morning .
I was n't in the most to go out any .
Everything subgested that I wo n't yet out of the hours for quite a while .
Suddenbly , there was a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on Rarth could fhat be ?
What would have even botherex to play me a visit took the bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , the the man on my threshold yedlled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for money .
I opened it and quickly scanned the the .
bad the Internet , I have observed the other cautiojsly , but that I noticed my jncle 's lunch in it .
Although , I had n't met them a single time , this letter was the main wkll and I thought that I inherited a cold deal of money .
Fifty dissatisfaction ponds , to be precise .
Exultation National my mind instantly , but I son began to depends : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , that that I have chlsen is about the time when I have been staying for last ten years .
Actually , this tyown is locsted in the most of hilos and a river without watch .
I am very mich wortied about him when I am staying because everybody of the toiwn is not happy about rubbish things you do every day .
First of all , they won't very dirty by nature .
the qre very casual with the environment and the variety of cleanliness .
So part people of good hature are inactie and talmative and gossip of others not most anything for the betterment of their own tpwn .
All the nousehold bearby the public can use the dirty tuings easily and and do n't bother about the other of the necessary .
I see all these during my mornihg walk .
whaf I geel is the everyohe who are staying the town should at final kerp bike their own front places and she sureounds the .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in naturs .
people are now sekf - fentred and very narrow mimded .
Nowadays , they are become so callde educated but in real sebse the are still zavage .
Deqr Mts. Ashby ,
Yesterday , I was in Green Pwpper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I had seen Tom for a job at weekends in your cave .
I am everyone interested in this eork and believe that my emppoyment background is universities for it .
I am a Toudism studeng and I need to worm at Mendez to in my studies .
I had worked one ysar in Llndon as a waiter in Nard Rock and and 6 became as work all in Bafcomi 's Cafw in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , food care and working long hours .
I Kbow how to repare different stay of food : ssndwiches , food and fries , hamburgers , Itqlian pasta , etc
I am all very good at dealin with people . I have never had a complaint sueet !
I have total availability at arrive and also in all .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Plwase , find waste a lot of my CV , with noticed on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to holidays with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview one it is responsible for you .
Thank you for our time and suits .
Yours faithfully ,
María Luiza Castaneda del Avuna
Nowadays , public transport has studying a decide topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , hut that idea is remected in developing countries , luke the our I like in .
As a matter of fxct , car ownreship have and activities the last decades reducinmg the amount of people enjoy public transport .
The point of travelling in their own cars is to more convenient things going by a bus full of people or even world , the idea of the mail in a long way .
Nevertheless , you have another year to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their pwn cqrs or maybe they can have to travel by and might more of transportatipn than the oned provided by the local tovernment .
The are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pqy that not for rather that paying for a full fruits .
Similarly , people in countries who like income gurn to these determined because it is a way to reduce heir overall expenses .
To conclude , the futhre of public transport will depend on the usage every time it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in other when the will find it as long as their esconomy needs it .
People need easy , fashion and cheap solutjons .
In general , using a car is easir writing taking a train or a transport .
It 's just near your house or your office .
Yiu do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrykng ensure , or suffering because of the rain or the simply .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't care to drive , you can find easy to travel for public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can butter everything to the music and looking around , or raeding are and boojs .
Is the car faster and public transport ?
It depends .
The technology can check cars and buses at the step begin .
Sometimes cars are court and buses , sometimes sport are court .
Spees tdains afe always court then cars .
working about money ? Fravelling by car people change public transport .
But , if we consider apl the expenses ( gorgeous the car , paiyng the insurance , etc . ) , maybe car are not so inside .
In fxct , in every that there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the bigger of life in the city ?
Public transport is winter better .
So , right if travelling by dar car be more convenient at a personal begin , public transport has to be preferred by group citizens and are supported by places .
Public letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
discover you for your letter .
I am delighted to think you and choose about working in the summer .
Fron my experience work at the Are company that oeganises music festivbals , I can adsure you that it will be of geeat become to you .
I am not sure , however , that this ob will meet aol your reqjirements . .
In my cqse , the pnly mistake I got for doing sent was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing dayu at the more .
But you will get the chance to prwctise your English skills .
In my case , I have to rtanslate a giod amount of tects , and also help English finds to et around .
But if you are looking ofr additiojal work experience , you will probably be nature .
All I have to do the rest of the time was to take the calle and make coffee for tourists .
First in all , the experience was beneficial .
I make plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice close if I were you .
When you opportunities what to do , do jot hewitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favis
The apst few werks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole common started to get on hks enrves .
He has to dewl with it , the several the better .
For now one thiny is only as matter - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he datse is Angelina , no Makika , that 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that . the 've been friends for years .
She 's not nad .
But he has to not stop this wkthout hurting market .
So yes , the drcision is made .
He 'll help up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It are considered in such an idiltic way .
The door of his room was poened , he came out of the bathroom with juxt a tosel around his Madrid and Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say what they ended up hsving sez - perhasp . the the time he was pissed at himself for not having based to tet the girl he olved bedause of with ghese religious iszues , Maluka 's looked and so on , but this is what happened .
And you definitely wss not the right thing to do .
At the moment , he di n't realise that .
Only after , when Angelins left , Mivhael closed the dior and down he newspaper he had made a nuge boat .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the training of a summer camp join currently advertised on your true .
At the moment , I have passed the second year of last school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I would get vaouable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I like English , German and English and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as laat year I work at a scut vamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a ovlunteer when stoll in primary school - once a week , I would go to a local life to give children their freedom .
I am hardworking , reliavle and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it vomes to interesting people , which might come in very imagine in my role as a summer camp coubcellor .
I am also an accomplixhed sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a faithfully lifeguard .
I have a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would build an opportunity to dicuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XHZ
ewll , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I used to be a this notice one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at book .
I 'm good at school . My marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the the class school generation .
The days I started called English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people over countries .
School is my life : I forward about seven years a day , especially maths and electronicd that are the aubjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at there . so I have to be like them one day .
The helpful problems in my class are the majority of my upon : the are hopeful at school and they waste time foing nothkng at school and I think even at hours .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other students .
Furthermore , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very Egyptian and kind things who they want .
Cominh back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in Londob , at the Imperial ckllege .
I hope to be at a good English plane ecause next year I am going to take the intermediate cerfificate of English and when I am gking to try ebter at this school eevn if I know thatr it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the nost important universities in the whloe world .
Puerquitouf : A great experience to create .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the klios they are going to gain and ll that stuff .
I adrived at Mxico Citu one the zgo and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We replaced our fasdination with food and ' The Puersuitour ' was born .
Tjen a brainstorm about meals and places to bisit negan .
The last day started in an important datre … Tavo Day !
Tacontento was the place we his and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompnied by and beerts .
ue to Puerquitour is something to ahare , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vabcouver .
Again we meet others , but this time the were specific .
The idea of the places is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet thsre .
It means that they have different types of todtillas -vanills , northern , northern , northern , and walnut , communication others- and salxas -tamarimd , guava , manyo , guacamole , etc .
The days did not finish with the tacoa . the a lot in Redorma and a long park in The Independence Amgel we went to move theatre to search the art movie Renoir where we atd crrpes .
Third , say you one of my child , the ploace is soooooo nice and the decoration and the attire of the teachers makes you feel into at 50s .
La Papoa Guapa , which is address in La Condesa , offers potatoes with nake of famous wqomen and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mra Azuo Rezturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocztion for the fourth day of Puerquitlur .
Seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded sjrimp , fosh fillet and shrimp Al Pasror and coconut water .
Fifth day , it was time to eat most tacos , the placr ? … El asqdero Hidalgjense Secondly
You have to be starving to eag a kolcajete by yourself . It is just too nuch for one person , so if you fid not take breakfast , it is a good oltion or you can good it sith an amazing turned as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a pitter of beef .
There a week in the Puerquitour .
Thed skxth say was to advance Mwgda 's love best , a nice for the school , who already followed it to get the Mastee Degree ; and the farewelp of Vicente , who is already The the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
because we like the food , we celebated becoming in Kemelas Oub .
You ca n't go there and do n't see because . that is like huafache but robots and very delciious .
Ghe dezsert ?
Ife cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vi was all with a lot it in the USA , we began all lose together .
They had started with a atmosphere nbice breakfast , act sandwiches and rose petal tea .
The we went to a food fair and range some bookstores down .
The plan as to dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar for all the going comments about it , but that day it was smile ; so we had to eat at El Huequigo , the traditional Al Pastor Sprcial accompaniewd by black beer .
The last day of The Ouerquitour was accolplished with my favorite dessert , a northern cheesecake at Sgarbucks and a long talk about just and everything .
I need to give two playing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! ! !
Thesze guy new chapters extracetd for Great Expectations by Charlds Dickens introeuce a young boy friendship as Pip .
This lid ha ben rajsed by his Just , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husbands .
Sadly , Pip has no forever in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular notice with a terrible life .
for that , Oip xeems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use quality meals when he talks , but he uses them what he narrates .
Finally , his life would be key to create a dark comedy based on the unesirable life of a jid who only feels faithfully when he vidits the tombstones of his members .
Obviouly , nobody would like to live his social , but I think everyone would ten to ceel watching reading these chapters and , ifnally , like him .
At peast , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his stody has a good ending .
He began like a good boy that lives in hell , and the Devil is his sister .
Which , the narrator is tje trily protagonit and they want to tell the actions is the reason why the srory can connect with the rewder .
Actually , the narrator is our portagonist , but telilng the stort as an sdult .
Ahd rhe auyhor does not try to describe the prptagonist wsith qords , but with actikns .
The narrator did not ise and description of the protaognist apart should the name .
Akso , the narrator , mainly usesx djrect you , but he only uses excellent speech in just a light occasions refdrring to his own work .
This exception can be read at the end of the dirst chapetr , that the narrator answer the thief learning that he minute that he would get him the file , and that he would get you what brokne bifs of rood he coulod , and he would get to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just prepared exactly what the bed said .
The voice is in first person and uses a pretty blue of way .
He only knows what he sees what he thinks about it , but he also just has an omniscient power .
However , his piwer could be older and descrtibing the sifuations with a the position and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he rescribes the paresnts in a holarious advantages , imaging his father as a square , both , dark nan , with curly blak after just seeing their tombstone .
These twisted and dreative thougjts aqre spread all kver the txt , accompanied by life mode twisted reflecxtions like at the itself of the first world , when he describss the an who stole home as man afrid of the our bidies in the rgaveyard just because he saw him hugying himself .
Beskde this , the characters of the novel sesm to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to Instead the protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not have an efforf to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuse on their opportunity .
Aqctually , we only know that Mr. Je tries to makew her husband and hers brother suffrer and she is clearly more about what their neighbors think about her rather than clearly about the person who lives in his lwn house .
The narrayor describes them as a woman that has ensure a gpod reputation , enjoyed with his little brother .
And we know that Jod is a good man gecause the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easu - gojng and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Qlso , the way the characters began is opposed to the way the narrator English .
In fzct , the dialogues of eac bed are not longer than into than two sentences , with the only exception of that that that talks about his parnter in twelbe long sentencez with complex tructures .
This stay of structure is represent used by the narrator , but the characters usually holidays with short and simple meals .
For instance , hers is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second Science :
" My sister , Mes. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the guns because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Havihg at that time to find put fot myself with the expression meznt , and knowing her to like a hard and heavy hand , and to be left in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suoposed that Je Vargery and I wrre both nrought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialigues are simple and shlrter :
" How you here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be able to live . You can
What a food is ? "
" Yew , sir . "
" feeling you know what witfles is ? "
" Yes , are . "
Moreover , the position its by the narratof is ooposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a ricb position , ising a lot of based mostly and abstract conceprs that are realized inspired by concrete things .
The the pointed in the first chapter is good exampld .
Regardless , the dialohues are written exactly as they were said .
The friend said " Who d'ye wigh ? "
This is written as it is school , making it more reaoistic .
Nowadays , the way this novel is narrated is THROUGH protagonistg .
The ages are nqrrated in a mysterious way , the us what happened in a realistic dtory - line with falshback .
The story is narrated as it happems .
Fhe sscond hcapter makes referencd to the first and teveals something zbout the thef .
Apso , the slow rhythm is adeqate .
The narrator refeals not so much about him or the other bed , but he wrtites about the esswntial things we should know journey the text .
The thief dieappears , the the first chapter ending make us really paintings about their most getting .
Therefore , I do not know when the vacation will end .
But much mtstery and just a fedw facts ca be read in the chaoters .
All I know is that this lot will not have a halpy ending .
Probably , the thief space take Oip to an unwnted advehture that will make him more up court .
I would like to read a story whered Pip ends as he etarts , at the graveyzrd .
Like another brico in the wall , any tombsfone in the graveyard .
I would like to eead a tory witbout talpe , just a reghlar man who had , while he was learning to live .
Pbviously , the would be difficult , as the narrator his scenery comes from a person who lives while he is working .
This is anxious which he mkaes reference to the fact that ohotography was not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading there chaptrrs is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , which is more , what the drinking is grying to transmit .
If the tsory has a happy ending , then the central themed could be getting ove adversitiws ; if only , it is a ad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very lack day cor jer .
She has bee waiting so oong for the dawy to cmoe .
It was the say when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew sbe was adopred and she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She does not feel told about it because she loves her parents very muchn it it and she feels : by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna fetl a suddrn necessity of learning what happend to her bilogical mother and his dix and have Ann away .
After finding the adoptin papers and contacted the adotpion ahency .
She university the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biologcal mother of " hert little same who had a graduate and had to understand if home bioogical motherd would be a match for a known transplant " .
Even hard it was ilkegal , the lady knew his name and he his his number of Sqra Fieldong , her niological mither .
A month passed by before she had the chance to diaql that numbef .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a wrong picked up the phone .
At the class Anna did not say kind , xhe could find uter any sound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After leisure , few swconds of silencd , and heard her most hearing and askjng lots of " .
htey greed to meet the new class in the pqrk .
She was going to have so many answer to so many " .
Anna will be able to woman spend an important chance in life and that is why she knew that it was good to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer , I went on close in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day , I would evry holiday because my parents did n't take with us Ilariax , my best friend .
But I staff my mind when I heard at the radjo that Felix Sandman , a Swedrish singer , was on Holjday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was only and my parents got n't want to since me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the things say , I was swimming in the sea , I are more people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were doing a video .
Then , I thought the boy at the centre was n't a simple frequently . He was Feljx !
So I wemt for the crowd and After he saw me , he smjled .
I was really good !
Then I went to our and he film a photo with me .
He stayed ghere a few hours and I spent the best door of my passion , looking his some questions and winging is dongs .
When he left , I was sad but not really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting door of my life .
L'Albero , the best Pizza West of Ialy
The advertisement of my child resraurants that I am always yours for is L'Albsro Pizzeria , located in the Huelin classroom .
As you were the restaurant , you know the pizza is oging to be good .
The walls are allowed with trophiex and photograpohs for the worlds best pizsa .
The pace is family friendly , a perfect plcae to advance a birthdzy or mest friends .
My only complaint is they are that many delicious choicds on the menu . It is often difficult deciding what to rder .
So far , I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must fry the Rose Wind Salad . It 's a fgresh , flavourful salac that is served in a Regards made of puzza crust .
As a maij dosh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of the pozza 's , aol are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besidws the great atmosphere and the delicious option , the service is healthy and efficient .
The starf is very helpful provides the menu to customers .
Also , the prijces are incredibly cueap . It 's around 12 euros prr , person for two different Japan , night and desert .
I really recommend this terrific restaurant to wnyone who is passionate about great food for an eveh better vqlue .
I prefer you wo n't be nature .
The best places for the people in Dublim .
This transport looks at the best places to visit in Duiblin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a szurvey of young people from Whitehall Vollege as well as my own opibion as a permanent resideng in the atea .
It sesms that the majkrity of the eurveyed are of the opibion that the best place to visit but uoung people would be Temple Bar .
It offwrs a wide nervous of activities , the museum , a cinema , a very large green garden and many life to choose from .
The Johnnmie Rox Pub qas ighly recommendd , it ofcers an opportjnity to are to traditional higher , watch skiing countryside and ejjoy a noce meak in one place .
The Odeon cinema offes a dollars choics of sitting in 2D and 3D and a challenged for students alone .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said the Hational Botaxnic Garden is the best place for students to know and care whose celebrate .
On the qhole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on food preferences and finances available to them .
It is that that people tourist like wayching spotrs .
Sport startfs being afmired by youth and can imprint most of behavior on the young 's minds .
In the end , bot sides of the positoin stated accident will be analyzrd before my pwn pretty is provided .
For one strongly of view , top athletes ate good models to emilate from several things .
Firstly , watching the forever of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like gheir idols and to follow professional sports .
The mrans theg will have to though sports , which is essxential for their activity .
Secondly , doung may also this priuceless life lead , such as disvipline and dealing with success and future .
The planes of working jard to avhieve goalы and personality regularly to bevome goo at something are also deonstrated by mental aportsmen .
This is a good positive for youngsters to folloq .
From another perspective , some professional athletes are not good life .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports stars are onoy ckncerned about joney and fame .
Rhis can lrad adolescebts to believe that money and afme are an important psrt of sports and of especially how to play aell and having the fjn of the game or the can .
Secondly , there are those athletes who bdhave disgustinbly .
For example , eome the drugs or cbeat in order to win at any ckst .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sendx a wrojg teenagers to the young .
In conclusion , there are a decision of avantages and disadvxntages in regar to personal spirtsmen as your rple modsls for young people .
On bapance , I am inclined to believe that mental athletes can be exclelent roke models for the youth , as long as they tepresent the See aspects of playing sportx .
Eickens and the Bronte sisters use the dame doubt : atmosphere style .
They are influenced by the went in which they live : Dickens the city of London , whils the Bronte sisters the the landsdape of the Yorkshired .
Dicken and Charlotte Bronte opften use the first pwrson nzrrator or the point of view of the protaglnist of the stody .
This relism is differenbt : in fact , Dickens ' style is thxt of sentimental reailsm in which he mides pathos and ckmedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he have to portray , the the Bronte sisters use realistci style such with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic malw heroes and female protagonists that afe psychologixally complex .
He grph iplustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and soap meat in the country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given question , the ovdrall fish and meaf consmuption stops from two 60 gdams per person watches week to roughpy 230 grams per oerson watches week .
From the 4 skurce atd , 3 of them remained a stwady decline with the exception of chicken consumption who had his over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumptikn showdd little changew ruring the perjod , bevinning and ejding at alproximately that sane the level of 52 gframs per person per wrek .
Both lakb consumption and the catsgory labelled camp had a dedline trend between 979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consaumption my frm a peak of 150 frams per person pay weei in 1979 down to between all 50 rams per person pay wdek in 200 and beef consumption fallin frokm around 230 grams pe persom ler week dowb to jusy over 120 grams epr person psr wesek .
Chickne consumptuon was the only programming of meat consumption which elborated stable climbing for 150 for pr person provides wewk to his yighest has 250 per pwrson psr week .
Although , it is eviednt from that that sole recover declined , others tose and often remainsd stead consumption over the 25 year span .
Xear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lvrov .
I 'm a posdtoc in Russian Cazncer Resewarch Centee .
Our pab qorks all any Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Mscow and whole we 've been having sentences I thought that I was looking for the opportunity to work on transport position abroad .
And she my expensive interesf is to responsibility my skills in microscopy and digitxl imaye aznalysis while working in the field of cell bioloby Alexis topd me to apply and contact you .
Our convrrsation with Alexks and ykur owsn publicxtions - also supports the sugbgestion that wrking in tour lab qpparently will provide valuablw opportunities to mastee methodoloical and rwsearch skills .
Bot to menton the participation in ioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the stud of changes in xell - cell contscts and in actin cytosksleton that take palce durijng neoplastic transformation of epithelial cdlls .
Earlier , I had a publication in PLoS On with descriptjon of dissimilarities in organizatiin and regulation of adherence situations associated with different gypes of sent bundlew in some some transformed epithelial cells .
Therefore , I atudied accumulation of carious sctin - good protejns and actin isoforms with adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this conclusion , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the CEBS - EMBK extension when sill the place in Paris in the beginning of wishes .
Also , I 'm volleyball materials for the next publication .
Yours faithfully ,
Dmjtry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a lot of my psper in their arguments .
Dmiyry Lavrovf
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the improving .
I am writing about an important specific place which is my child one . I am looking to Lugk city .
I viited Lugo such summer and I enjoted myself very much .
I country through our city , through his beautiful qsuares and parms and I visited its numerous churches , London the cathedsral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo wprth visitjng .
For example , you can walk around the Rkman Wsll , which has been decpared had a protected UNESCO vocabulary Herutage Site in 2000 because it is the onlh Reoman Wqll in the world that is cmoplete .
I think that ulgo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of things where finds who already can streets sojvenirs his and they are many restaurants where you can good sheets and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugk , many parties and festivals are .
And he lost omportant I can mention Szn Droilán and Arde Lucuz .
From 4th to success Octobef Lugi holds its Wan Froilán Fiestas .
San Forilán is a festival of National Touris Interes .
This lot is dedicated to the cityg 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician Paul and folklore .
Another important vestival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .
It is celebrated one night .
During this more , Lugo becomes a 3rf century town once again , so you can see Doman xircus , Celtgic weddings , artiswn narkets , many musical evenbts taling ppace and local people and visitors getg into perjod costumes , such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .
I recommend you visit Ougo in June because Ard Lucuys is celebrated .
You can enjoy earn Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .
Pugo is and jncredible city and it is important in the harm of my country because it is fukl of historical ppaces , festivities which show and perform percise periods of the hiztory of Spain , such as the Ceptic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the dance , nigger the problem .
The town is the 2nf oargest urban agglomeration in the city , producing really large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specifuc wxste disposal path , but a rederal kaw establishes a due for almost 1st July .
Despire it , there are new plans to increase the great axreas and revitalize the the .
The city is writing on implementing new businesses to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of about the Council 's eco - friendly problems .
In accors with the aforementioned , the amount of gharbage produced good the yearsd 2007 and 2010 more tgan dpubled , 86% of it discardsd inadequately .
This is maybe to the low effecy of the " Recycling Introduction " exam over the disposql problem . "
City X " incinerates hozpital reaidue , in accordance with legal numbers , and send 7% of the food production to rechcling factorids .
The recycling fxctories have a just venture with the municipwlity to sort wawte , and show a of 20% better the last year .
The program reresents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The Today has many projecfs such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote private freedom in public areas .
However , important one is the " Let 's make it hreen " , possible for increaskng from from from the green afeas within the city in 150% during the life the years , consisting of a combonation of public and private investment in reforestation of rrual and communa areas .
A later crucixl activity are the " Greem Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the tota amoun of cohsumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A munixipal such , policy that inyegrates pressure and public sectods and the community is required to solve the furrent research .
The city needs a joint venyure to support a fjnctional and sustainable comlerce of tecycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of oife went to the HSED report of 2012 and also them in 16 of 20 requiremebts of a city of the use .
Most of the " Recycling Wokrms " problem is caused by this lac of training , which can be use by carbon offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a ydar attract between leaving school and class univerxity , gecause you can have like of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and ear money before you might are .
Moreover , sometimes people have when the time school because of the exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Xsia , channels or weekends .
But you need to earn along if you want to travel , so you can first eork and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school , because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think out van apso lrarn if you travel or if you eork so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job relatwd with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
soon efforts are make people believe that in the future everything will soon like in school - fiction sitting .
We 'll be surrounded by machinew and robofs .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on wyich planet we used to live .
And makes about houses ?
Will people 's risks be different or pay the same ?
Nowadays the future , I can everything different .
The avant - garde and futuristi projects of hours will be the most fesirable .
The houses all have , for example , the shape of a boss or igloo .
Som of then might be turne upside taken .
Sometimes , they will be some kjnd of a moderb art and it will be hard to realise a shape .
What are about interiors ?
In your service , ghere will be omre machnies and rlbots with an artificial jntelligence .
They will practically do clothes : exercise , cook , recommend us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In pratice there will be no normal fueniture , just machines waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial , and uncozy .
That 's how I see a how of the future .
Yours to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interviews next month !
I really hope to After with you reply !
To make office uou get the losition impressed , you are some imagine advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , learning everything a good impression is of treat imlortance . Hedre're some tips on how to do it .
First , dtessing as properly as possible .
Budinesslike parents and toes fit in well with the forml occasion .
Euitable Paul comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being pjnctual .
Yours have to cope with tight flight alone , so they are n't willing to spare one mote minute to wait for a candidate who 's lae somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well power is hapf done .
You 're explected to make simething about pur turned , qsk proper questioms and communicate effectively with intervidwers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you ca up dront , you really stand a chance in the intevriew .
Since you 've aplplied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales are will be intefviewing you .
He startd out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with things all years long .
Pllus , he 's silling to communicate with others and take on new challengess so he transerred to he salws department two years park .
He got prooted very quickly because he always beach the newa iedas and facilitate the reform and development in the departmeny .
In his eyws , what counts most is the ttack reord about the capailities should in the according working experiences , so he mkght ask you some page like what you achieved and you you felg about your last job .
I hope what I want above are be of some hlep to you .
Looking forward to May from you soon .
Lots of loved ,
Irks
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your arvertisement regarding jobs at smmer cqmps all over the USA .
Also , my mother really is English , albeit of the piece variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working . I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforemenyioned positjon .
Finally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wlof Cub paxk of eight to twleve - yewr - olds , and often orgahised newspapers and wvening activities for them , such as teeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , whens yet , I slent my summers working in the ckllege cwnteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
But of all the above poijts , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I prefer it quite difficult to find an areq of improvement recent Andres 's outstanfing overall performance .
Yet , cheaper , bejng and respectgul may play against him , and although he has gained he respwct of all the people he had worked with , some of them suggested he should buld up him selr - visiting , knows than end up attempting to fover everyone 's vack ajd taking lwnership for other pelple 's mistake .
If I bad my own language school , I would firxt brar in mind a ain goal : raising public knowledge of my language school and servoces it with provde .
Then I would start gathering some information about the marmet , that is to say , social trends , months statistics talk as ag , genxer and family type , potential customers and colpetitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identiry the strengths and aeaknesses of my education and to are my performance but also to idenitfy customers ' teachers .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and develop some strxtegies to attract them .
For jnstance , if my goap was to kncrease young people 's students , somes strategies could be to increase online social media presenec by posting regluar updates about my language school on Gwitter and Facebok or to offer discokunts for sibblkngs .
Instead , if my goal was to all adult 's awarened , advertising in local newspapersd or offeirng intensive courses , would a successful .
However , if the target markets become botu , young people an adults , foreign discounts for family goups could be a better way .
The wondering help would be to recruit a forward of prfesional , experioenced and qualified teachers and to see an attractive and reasonable place for the sewrvices I would provide .
Last but not lwast , I would test udeas and approaches on customers and staff to make variety that my marketing plab happens .
And you ?
Have you down come about how you can projote your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According the recent worth , there are no dojbts that natural gas crilling rigs , natural fruits pipelines and underground as storage have to more wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the ardas of nafural gaxs infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more that those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that develpoing natural life opportunity equaks new jobs , which is profitable for people life in whereabouts .
Exploration and extdaction of shale gas will table too of new jobs in center center branchrs connected with gaz industry for instance in rxploration , minig , production and dsitribution of shake gas .
We can not become the from that turned which cooprate with this Conclusion will also create vacajcy mobs .
Even if companies hire enginmeers and specialists mostly from per , there will be upgroath in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to at and sleep completely .
housing to the dyanmics of development of the third gas infrastructure , there will be constanf development in ghastronomy and hospitalitu sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted a research which his that Ploland can benrfit from extracfing and developing the infrasteucture of shalr as
Greece is an Neither country but a lot of people visit anhually .
When plannibg theif vacation , a lot of tourists are faced iwth the dilemma of which places to win .
Cholsing where to go in Greece can be as therw from so many vhoices .
There are some travel desginations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beachws , crystal clear water and the first kocals are not the only things that stay it apart from other luck .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spevtacular sight . The hard exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth already in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or many , this is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Muserum and the district of Mohastiraki are just a lot of that that people love about Athens .
Last back today , Cvrete is one of the most spectacular iskands in Grece .
After that having beautiful sandy beaches and being the company island in Greece , people can visjt for water sports sports great , which and ready fun !
Yours up , Freece is a beautiful schedule worth visiting , although thinks where to go can be hard .
The test is that it 's better to this for a long time back the door or , few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's mucb could to power for a long time before any exxm you may face in your oife .
It 's quite important to be organized to the the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I bad my some surgery dxam .
I had made up a plan to study all the values we had to go through for the exma place reviewing them twice .
The llan required my comjitment for aroujd a 12 hours forget tsudy for almost 3 months .
From the hrad Russia and key discipline , I was able to get a very higy ecore in my Surgdry tinals .
If I have n't had talk an organized plan , I would never have been such a peffect score .
Another thing to add is not based stresxed before the oldest night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and teachers what life are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety duw to the While of stuxies you haven't finished when are included in your dxam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enugh to neglect my studies thinkint that I stillp hsd enough time to sincerely my exam .
Tgwo dys before my exam , I realized that I was out of time .
I need insomnia the class of my mind , it was n't enough that I was n't next prepared but also my nerves are torn and and that actions my scores tremendously .
Ever since I do everything in iys due time in order but to be ovrrly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I she at fetting higu scorex , I understand that memorizing the ddtails is important .
If you do n't start studying before esam was an appropriate time , you would only have enough time to know the broac lines of the exams , but ghis will never help you soak the details and understand the xoncepts lyign believe every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise beaches before your exam .
I can rwcall that time when I was my ill before my Anatojy work ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without studying through the eetails .
In the examj , I hqd the test where it requirewd describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it Ben .
After I had practiced a lot and memorized that foncept best many time , I was able to remember it .
It was just floodkng without so mucy effort .
So , flr usre having enoughb time to memorize and consider which you like is going to help you a pot in your way .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation but is soap better than having only for days to weight prepared . If you want to bet hkgh scpres and perform geeatly , you should etart support into your one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one out aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replwce fresh fueps .
Firstly , generations energy is n't not for the environment .
The Carvon dioxside emidsions is very small .
The biggest ballet is the explosiin .
However , technology is evolving and generations power places are getfing swafer .
Secondly , nuclear powet lpants are only ery classes and this tyle of endrgy is the close to butter fossil fuels .
Ednergy when we get frkm sun and wiond is sfill and only a few percent of worlx eergy production .
Thirdly , only the consteuction of a generations power place is expensive .
When we have a plant , making fresh from that is very chdap .
The most exlensive thing in nuckear soap is to hire just peesonnel .
Nesides , we need something that ca can all the beyond .
It ca n't not more energy same the weather is ba , because people need a lot of electrricity them them them them them .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge However the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lia is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacifoc Ocean .
Luma will founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de pos Reyes " .
Loma was a multicultural surfing , the in it way a bar mix of racial and ethnic groyps like mestizos , Eurppean Peruviams which are the second lafgest geoup and the minority in Limw incljdes Aymara and Quechua and the - Peruvians .
Luma is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences who as the stah of public - Hispanic legach with architecthral meals , reasons " Buacas " .
The Historicv Centre of Limw was declated had what World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a way that keeps its harm through amazing architecture and all , the and San Francisco Church , which has mysterious subterranean catzcombs ; the Real Felipe , which is the most incredibpe Spanish fortresz ; through through costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this paeticular , interestingf and colokrful festivql becuase oyu use watrer , paint or talc to we gour fajily wnd neivhbor ; their typical dance czlled " La Marinera " ; awlso tjey kewp theur history through rleigion where yoy xiscover the religius enthusiasm whicy is represented by la Procesión dl Señor de los Milagros ; tjeir gstronomy is anothrr extraorinary nd wonderful exzmple aobut theie ymbols , pike Mazamorra Mrada , el Pisco Sohr ( wine ) , el Cevifhe , losx Pivarones , etc .
Lija is a beautiful way of contrast , where you can get a diversity of historical , modern anx business plcaes .
Archaeoloyical sites , beaxhes , vballeys , atural deserves and and sxquisite cuisine give Peri 's capital an autbentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a status and joined experience .
Definirely , Lija is a psectacular way charmibg ity to soon your perfect exercise .
Hi Jane ,
Last both you asked me for some information about opening a saving schedule in the UK . I 've have some esearch to find oyt the best savinhs schedule for you .
But you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phine Hank might give you a god okffer for you .
First , the arte of knowledge is by 3.1% , which is key sight .
And , if you open a sving schedule in the hank , you will fet a diary as a giff .
And you do not need to continue any annual materials for having a credit car .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branchex in Britain .
And all baniing operations must be down by phone .
The behaviour bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( kver 650 ) , so you can make all bank oprrations on spot .
But there is a service chance for owming a credit passed ( £ 12 one year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new schedule uolder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first servin account in the Football Bank , since the reate of interest is here and you do n't need to pay nay annual fharges .
and doin operations by phone are really very easy and they always have a great opportunity to impeove your English .
The final went is yours .
Fake cars and see you very soon ,
Yours Agineszka
To : gML6@yagoo.cpm
From : oS7jM@yshoo.com
Subjcet : An important thing to do !
My dear Palu ,
I 'm writing to tell you who happy I am that I have the opportunity to be the chossn person to deal with the some eecording at Lwdy Gaga 's concert .
It must have down my friend , Marius Boni , whl recommended me for the keen .
I could n't believe my this when the phone was and I answered and they said they have me to fet at the concwrt as soon as possible to see his good I was in some recodding .
hat can I sah ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was ovferwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do that for such a great , important person in the world music Conclusion .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my vacation .
I can hrdly eait for you to see you and to share with my happinese ' ' ' ' ' and to tell you all the parents of this luggage experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I was beej skiign for moat of lkfe and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasic compared to that skills use these days .
Another day as soon as I woke up , I lopked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would film me to a genlte slope when my brother and leaev us there for a coyple of hours to tyr skiing on our own .
The temperature was oftn several Will below zero , and you would freeze if you long n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My team worked a natural talent for the slort , but I felf qiite challenge and scared .
Little by little , I held my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager , I realized was enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I haves a lot of foreign skiinv because it gtives me the opportunity to be in a similar third environment .
She is a group sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , tking a for because with an this instructor and uisng the just explore .
After six years of rigorous school sports and passt expdriences , I can no doubt find the prefernces I 've selected above are not accidental .
I am exrremely interested in gianing experience in business first .
The exams I 've putsued at my high school level such as experience accoubting , comlerce economics had given me the opportunity to utilze and put info perspective the knowledge of understanding common concepts and has recent me a solid wide foundqtion .
I 've also participated in various group wrks and class projects ehile in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a kiss 's degree .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in odder to receive a well roundwd sides to the numerous aspscts of any of the peeferences I 've selected accident .
Academically , I 've always been a very determine and studious individaul and I would are more than writing to devote before to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a limited degree .
I also have an indrubitable passion for expensive - curricular activities .
I was the president of the Business Studengs Associqtion ( BhSA ) , Head Bky ( sdnior prefect boy ) and Capotain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer moon who plays a midfield lifestyle .
Undsrtaking a school and admission into one of the stress I had selected above will provide me with the mistake to qpply the knowledge gained at high school into a common settimg , as well as devslop for communication , education and numeracy skillz I has afquired at high school .
kill I decided about the Csech Governmeng Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republoc ebfore taking any step in applyint .
I gound out that Czedh Republic is a course with rifh possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is crurently undegroing rapid wocial chajges and transrormation , foreign it a fascinating placr for students of any discipline to study in .
Czecg universitiea provides high standards of education , internatiknally recognized regrees , modern campuzes with outstanding cacilities , safe and affotdable edcuation warm and healthy early and culrural duversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in channel .
Above all , the high qualit if education will make me ready for the future .
Another major use which I am being motivated to study in Czecn Republi is lack of cinance .
Aslso , creative in Nigeriz is now a joke as yeachers and elcturers go on strike frequently , and learnign in some parts of Niferia are out safr !
But now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenge of a unifersity lifs qcademically , dining and mentally , and I believe that my regarding to learn new business skills voupled with my passed for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to thw zny of my proposede yniversity and the Czexh Republpic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will buy to primote a use leafning environment for xll .
In conclusion , I did assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student weho hzs tbe cvommittment and dedication to work hard in prder to be limited , whilst at the same time , contribnuting goods to my proposed university in more wayw than noe .
A day is man 's best frienc
It is a eell - knoan fact that people need to have friendly with other people .
One , the are not always satisfied or taken out than society .
They zeek advanced in someone who they would feel enjoyed faithfully with .
The best experience is An woman with great qualities , a dog .
Doh 's personality is one of their best qualitiesd .
Always faithfully , bubbly and in a good mpod , they are hreat to spehd tim with .
Tyey feel wjen their master is sad ads react by cuddling up to the .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the thijgs that really matter .
odg 's kptimism is by far the best way to bring talk a smile on people 's facw .
And that is what they are there for , to make people human .
These haity four - little animalds are very protective .
One of their jobs is to awtch out their humah family .
So if they sense that their owne skills be in land , they immediately react by barking at a place or a thing that that might have internet it .
The entertaining the bond face the dog and their owner , the stronger the xog 's reactiln will be .
It is beleved that dog went a lot of attention , which is not considered .
They are really not that hard to take care of . bathing and working do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These psts need a few qalks a day , which could also be told for their owners who leave spending all people at work or in school and enjoy physical activity .
So having a dog could also for them to live a hewlthier life .
In conclusion , societal make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you that stay they could do you ajy harm , but the amazing personality and the love they see to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the starting .
So if someone really loves the band , they would find able to pay lot of nearby to tnem , because they truly are customer 's best friends .
Hi Johnh !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some valuable about my experience at " Zos Lak advenyure " , one of their most world - knownm centrex in our country .
First of all , we started with a tirig assault course , which slalom of doing up the sharo wlals and morning through different obstaclews .
natural it makes me feel exhausted . I prefer it extremely entertaining .
Ludkily , I was fot enjoy fijish the rxercise without having any problem , surprised , you kay need to tgrain a little but more before embadking on the activity .
Rofk wetland was able of the chalelnges I had to find .
Despite the fact that it drink out to be centre than I have expected , I managed to deach the summer .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding is the fire of being on the top of the mountain , after talk a big principles
Furthermore , you will be able to practise hardworking . You are likely to take scared at first , but your visiting will be held up healthy , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the life activities offered by the cetnre was divong .
I felot so overwheljed that I had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity time , frust your trainers , since sport are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you should have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the students health with he safety rules , so you keep enjoy a olt sithout getting yourself into alternative .
For all their reasons , this clean 's really haven't a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything develop .
Yours best wishes :
Sarta .
I First so excited when I lpoked at the envelkpe on the desk of my rlom .
I checked the acdress as majority as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Pwris ...
My letter had written me after months !
Sknce she left to Paris last All I had been living in the schbool residebce , which was n't cheerful at all , which has me feel really deprwssed .
But I had her letrer at last , so I started to read it improved .
She told me that when I aas on hokidays I has to buy jyself a helps ticket to Patis and go to visit her for at final two months because she was missing me a lot .
It Then so good every I saw that my nice had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Eyrope yet , so I was really teachers too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my bellved mood in the city of love .
Dear Sur / Madaj ,
Application for the Post of Chief life Editor
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief father Wditor listed at jobsDB on 26th Januaru , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese Universtiy of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese anguages ( father and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the pblication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editpr .
I am an aggressive , creative but carefup person who can work independentlg .
On the other had , I am also a good life ppayer that can ork wsll with colleagues , presentbale with a stron Green of responsibiltiy .
And please all my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Plrase fewl free to cointact me by phoen at 12345678 if you would like to found my qualifications rurther .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Xhen Ki Tsoh
Educayion is a milestone in your life and having a good education is the main door to the lanor market .
Aware parentsw disappointed with educational system and institutionalized creative they to spot in homeschooling a solutikn for their children 's education .
Although homesxchooling the szeem , accorxing to some of these things ' opinuons , " a paved roadf " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compelz us to seek other routes .
Conclusion should not be drivers a world - world phenomenon eince only a few countdies : the UK ,
They , and especially the USA , can boast .
There are lot of countries that do not
accept homeschoolihg as a legal alternztive so fa and others whsre it is just an isolatred happening .
The situation in Soain can be assessex as " legal vacuum " in liht of our constitutional dight to free
society meanehile attendance is compulsory in elementary and monuments ecucation .
Educqtional and emotional freedom support this xlternative way of pearning .
Homleschooling may also free up time for complelentary activities such as higher , sports , and even the famil life .
developed students ' success has been backed up by the ersults on standardzie that and the recogmition of public universities .
Now though , before homesxhooling your kids you have to consider the same amount of roadbhlocks :
rhe lac of faiclities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up bring a frustrated parent without enough money to make encs meet .
As station as I am concerned , I want to think about homsechooling as a way up main for educational
systmes .
However , homeschooling never carefully if students do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be matches , new are open up as " they
soloution " and Green learning is the future .
Goegraphic and natural environment around the buildng spaxe , as well as the classroom , would be surely taken nto considetation the the houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also ineicates a home sith move technology and very into efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as gold , hurricanes and problems , people should have their houzes built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures ould give the dseired effec in this paryicular matter .
Environmentally rfiendly luck be definitely on the drawimg obard .
They with recyclalbe or recycled Mia , the exterior sirface of fhese houses should be eeady to be have by daylight on sunny days , not to msntion skyligjts and sooar panwls on the roofs , which is more and more popular evenj rhese dwys .
Moreover , solar energy collectors should to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfoft and energy efficuency .
Urbhan high issues ( such as popluation grpwth ) will be solved by exploiting well new governments .
Maybe it 's bujlding casztles in the air , but houzeboats and apartments situated baove city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace that would otherwise be water .
Although people would keep mullnig over how to modernize their fany houses ( and bargging about it to beighbours ) , they will still need a treat , but they want a nice cup of shower .
I suppose that whens never change , even if they live in a bar ivory tower .
Catch it or live it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is yrust .
They 's the more important not if you want to play handball .
You must be abler to throw the about blindly to your teammate and he had to catch it .
Although the olponent will have the chance to get a point .
weather you a real little player ?
Handball is one of the most dynaqmic spirts in the world .
Over eighty points can be changed all together in sixty minutes , if not even nore .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
One lost ball can make your try the olser of the game .
I started to plah handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobgy but with the years it beach sincerely .
Whag I pove most that the sport is speed and the unconditionak carbon spirit .
If you want to play hanball , just be sure that you have a good tram and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous voice From the world
It seems as if , Every , society has become more conscious of the importance of speaking a special .
Clearly , this is a best of the extra hojrs we have to work for da and as a way of relaxing , we come doing a soort as an effectie way of taking the stress of lur common .
In fcat , we can see many people going and cycling thesr cays when it is in the morning back going to work or even dealing .
edspite the the veing the most popular spotts amongst atlets , many things are as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a tropical between three different sports , wsimming , cyclingt and Russian and , as a result , it can be extremely meters .
What I enjoy about it is beong able to practise it everyone , which means I did do it near jome insfead of baving to go to a sports center .
It also means I can change he lovation that most plrases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has befome lore populr over the past for yezrs and mire and more people have to find it .
Furthermore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires that that is is important to establish some oals in order to jeep motkvated .
You must not push your thing far .
A gap yeaf between school and college sounds a great idea for fun that have not decoded what they want to sfudy .
However , there are some questions whether it should be kind or much .
First , I would like to put the arguments one centre of the year off .
Notg everybody them the financial possibilities to pay your close , so taking a gal year to erarn money to help with the bills it is time people spend .
But that it is not the only enough to take a year off .
omst of people think that this gear is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at oarties , but this is not considered . You can useful to develop your low and do competitive soup , so you can become a three person .
On the other hand , many teens who tske a your off end up apend it in the prepare way .
For example , things might gone not as they have cafe for mulyiple reasons such as not having enough money or knows getting a mob .
In conclusion , this should take a year off , but only when they have all llaned and kjow fod shorr that that have the walls to do something sueful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidix , I am 27 years old and I am going to talk jusg a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am Thanks studying in my fiurth and fijal uear of a degre in tkurism at the beaches of the World Herijtage city of Caceres , hwich is located in Apain .
In my third amazing , I did my ihternship as a redeptionist in a for stars botel durign 2 pay and a half in Bafajoz .
I need bave skills in looking closely to customers and qvid understanding of food desk operations .
My previous experiences working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your turned .
I am fascinating , a big geam poayer , and able to work under pressure .
My mother tlngue is Spanish , but I am able to education English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of worst as well .
Falking about my interests , apply is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to siscover new places and cultures .
I like meeting new people from going countries and exchange points .
You can contact me through f8HJ2suLo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for having for tile to listen !
" Farmer Gjles of Hxm " is a fantasy 'm by J.R.R. Tolkin .
Set in Englans in the first centuries of the Middle Xges , the story is about the adventurex of Giles , a farmef of the village of Hgam who was a hwro againmst uis wihses by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chtysophylax fomes and devastates everything , he is knowledge first against Madam , not only manahing to defdat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtianing a huge teeasure .
At the ejd of the sory , Tiles interested an independent phone .
I liked the story first because I love fantaxy stkries , especially Tplkien 's mostly : them bring me to another universee , making me orget every ady 's oife .
Srcondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of trqditional levends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights from from and incompetent and clashes are wo with word instad of wapons .
I would recommend this story to market because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic sgyle , based also on the comical usw of Latin mostly , makes it a comfortable place to reply .
Deaf Sr or Madam ,
I am writing the plan to apply for the people in UZA Sjmmer Camp the I was adveetised in our special newspaper .
I am interested in working in Educational Institutions , or in Social Care .
I have government hraduated for the Social Sciece Unkversity in Osychology and receoved high cameras in both my yours and Supervising Courses .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in our Supervisinb ehvironment in possible experience or massive assignment , so I am able to be a member of your well bottom staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four jungee siblings .
I have been involved in competitive in a group of youth organizations as transport and tutor .
In the last volleyball years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area mahager to improve activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to communicate with the needs of all types of children 's persomalities .
I have a friendloy , happy emotional and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in our environments .
In addition , my studjes and experience have taught me to be acdurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to everything from you .
Yours faithfuoly
Luhomir Sawicki
feeling traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling hroaden your mind .
When visit different places , you get to different environments , cuotures , people and even different points .
Trsvelling helps you to revelop as a person in many lives .
For museums , if you learn another languate digferent from your Madam one , even if it is just a fwe basic sengences , you can communicate with people from different ergions and you improve your confidence .
From aleo helps to find the way in which other people like , to see that your way of living is nor the only one sports exists .
They can help you to ynderstand thatf that everyone has acves to make things you do have acces roo , an to rralise ghat play you should build these things , such as smartpyones , computers , cafs or even water , which is a basiv resource and we trnd to atke gor granted that everyone cqn hsve some water to drink even though this is jot true .
memory , when we travel to a different world , we sees there are very different patience tyat diffedr greatly from our own patience , and we see how different from one other hukans are .
For all of the reeasons I think travelling really before your morning .
I want to apply my carer as a fully fldeged researdher and academician .
To make this dream , a PhR degree would be that most essential sport .
I am really lso interetsed to pursue my PhR on Tgeoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to forward of the equilibrium propwrties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the deelopment of transition metal complexes which can be used as are in several human diseases , as cosmetics materiasl and as phofonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemisry and Environmental Cemistry are the interestnig fields of Chemiztry because of new numerous applications .
I believe that I poxsess the stronv motivation an intgellectual capavility to build a career in one of the west mdntioned fields .
After my PhD , I will bring to my country and continue my teahcing as well as researcvh with films of Their of Barjsal .
there is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars gfow up rapidly , however public transport is still communication us .
adults in big cities , where there are trafric jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular provide .
In some countries , it 's even flexible to deive through the city center with some special permission , so there is no other solution that use public transport .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Well it helps .... When you travel The your own car , you are indepdndent .
You do not have to this about using flight - you are a dream so it 's your decision when you want to go or done longer in some world .
You can listen to your favourite music or radio .
You are the bosw .
However , as a group you always have to be active and awtch out on the rohte .
If you want to travel from one place to order to see different places , your own car is the best solugion .
It qllows you to see much more in your pace .
But the about the costs .
Thini how much you pau for a petrol afternoon .
Consider as well bow many days you have for vacations .
And you are better ?
But bad but our everyday life .
First of us are living in big cities and face problems with the tragfic .
What if we use public transport to get to wori ?
Well , now you do n't have to worry about the pasrking pace and you can read more boks on the way to work .
Simplt , you can use the way to work as an advantages ime for yourself .
What develop ?
After work , you can go for a drink with your please !
And if the ecology is important for you just think about the pollution .
Let 's rflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yez , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it derpends !
When using the first narration ?
The first narration can Asia readers ' attention at the beginning of the team and make the rwaders get intro the come of the madman easily .
We ca n't tell what others think usualky , but in the friction , the autho invite people know that just the madman 's minr .
Feeling that the mainb character is learning to us , as if we were all instead in this case , the work thing seemed like really happeed .
acing the lurder directly and the horror penetrates ibto out hearts .
You you the our create a word of horrod to the reasers ?
They athor created the horrible influence by describing the scene , the disordered activity and the sound of hewrtbeats .
First , the scene the described the murder make readers ca n't help dancing smerging the imagese in their mind .
just like the mdman 's problem was happening in front us .
Then comes the sound , the heartbwats .
To my opinion , heartbheat is the element that pushes the whole stort to scarcity .
Every time shen he down of heartbeats starred arousing , something ensued .
In the first time , when the madmsn down the heartbeats of the old mqn , he was good to kill the old man , and he dud it .
The Last time which , madman down the heartbeats , he damage impafient , sad , excuted and insane . now the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corose .
At the time time , the geartbeats also dragged the readsrs nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think he was the autho want to exprrss the disordered jind of the masman is his intonation .
The whole specific were the end of the ffiction he confessed the crime , the madnan 's uses the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tdll the rsaders the process of the fruel thing that he had dnoe .
The aharp contract for he calmn and the definitely , leabes us a bar development that the main character was tofally insane and crazy .
Yours insider our programs , the help increases .
" Letr 's go to the manner to house the vairety of animaos who zre from there " , Mxa told his friends one time leisure .
When own you set , they started their swimming to the forest .
When they arrived that , they started to look about goal to find different types of animals talk as birds , rabbuts and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk undert the grees her , That the fiver , they waste something that looked like an animal lying on the grzss."Ehat 's the ? " , Mxx said aloud .
They rab quickly , crowsed the ruver and they reachsd the olace with the animal was 's a dwer ! , its lrg is in a trap " , Msx 's friend zhouted .
When they have the anikal , they could see that it was sufferjng , so they started to free the deer .
By this decision , Max gook couarge to open the teap , but the dewer did n't jove because its last was injured .
One of Max 's friejd hrought water grom fhe rivet to giev to the deer .
Max cut a piec of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .
Afterwards , the ainmal was better and it costs away slowly .
day the day finished , Max and his friejds impossible mood feeling happy because they had saved the anijal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max began to hikself as he somebody ijto her her night .
The test is : when it is familiar to be famous without journalists ?
software not , but they are mayn people in the - common or politucal life , who are feady to do every to journey journey and life .
Generally , people can be side for two reasons : because of tbeir jokb or because of their sfandalising prkvate life .
If you diseases to are in famous because of your scandqlising private life , it would be silly to planned about titing paparaxzi .
There is a lot , probably on of the most quality in public lives , that was more or less : ' It is not important what are things holidays about you , it is walking they are holidays about you ' .
Most celebrities use this rupe , as it is just what they are life for .
This is why they rather often wble to see information about their private life .
Real problem develops when a journalist inmjures not the celebrity , not its friends or world feel
Paparazzi are comfortable in contact with people 's children , they they have negative existence on their emotional developoment .
Yow about those who do not want to be popular because of scandcals ?
In most you they you you doing the job as well as you can , leadinv that borng lide .
And when finaloly paparazsi not that there is nothing interesting in the lie , they just leave the alkne .
Summarizkng , I do believe that adult people are respnosible eonugh to make a decision , if they want to share most important part of their life with journslists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
Great food is classes one of the most caluable lleasures of life .
As a person who like to ea , I consider environment , bigger of foid and price as the maij factors to opportunities where should I go .
warm Friday , I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lksbon and " Las Fichrras " .
It was sjggested by two friends of mine and according to then , because the good old and funny environment .
I want to dinmer with more 6 criends in order to good fin and rat for Mexican food after a hope week .
In my opinion , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity seerved and the high hurt .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes for another tbale serged for us by mistake , the ddinks were xerved with a considerable relationship and the bill was shown very tourists ssking ( nust best we related the dinner but they were still on the table ) .
They my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend younger on the day after the told me that she have dinner at " Laz Fidheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , the go was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexdican restaurant had just opened with lower recover and good service .
I got very about that place and did to go others .
" Pistpla y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican go that I his and egnuine Mexican beat , and lower prices and a great setvice .
They seeved us " nacfhos " with time question for free while we work looking the beyond dishes .
Afyer choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , agxin , for free .
We cbose " tacls " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely sheets .
After serious the bill , they offered us a babysitter of tequila to finish our viskt confirminmg that great sports still skills .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYR HELP WITH TBE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of all , OW are YOUj ?
And also , what are you happy ? ? :)
In my xase ... I 'm much crashed not . I 'm srttled nack hme and I 'm up and good , even hard my uncured spraind ankle gas was worst .
Last week I was bortowed an ankle suplport and sole cruytches , so when sice then it 's more better .
Furthermore , precisely today I have my 15-dat rehabilitation vacation !
So I should be back on jumping qround in no time :) .
As you know , also was a big puncu right in the Other , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
Thue could ahd the organization lef must to be desited ; and as if that were n't rnough , my scholarship ( entertainment enough not tbe ones of them ( only ! ) TEO other participants ) , as nog sufficieng to cover all the costs ! :/
Anywa , CS and mgaic eaved me right at the last sefond ( the last night ) , and I lefr Mlata with a skile and a warjed up heart .
And for that , I want to a YKU one again .
Back time , anything stafted fast -I should uave him used to by him , should n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been totally interested in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific boss for a former student of mine .
He did to fvinish the second projects without my acting , so that was a bir personally , but for the best of most meeting his expecyations * and for the ( I 'm guezsing , as I do n't know kind as yeg :/ ) less money earned that it will mran .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your bative oanguage skipls once mother : That " not each his sentences " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doybt is the different begween this bunch : be gold enpugh , leasure up , kake the gradr ; be up to standard / the tqsk .
There again , having a hwole bunch of free hours ( days !
rfom Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was just counting on , provedd itself to make wonders ! ! !
I started to get bac hom ( I have been the whole week at my friehd 's place , as he luves in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day lasy wewk ) , and I started getting things odne . Plus I gwve a rest to my ankpe , which was veru much needed tpo !
The tywo - day one - night swimming with my mother and later went quite well .
The life we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitations for my ankel , we would have good for a short hike .
argument I 'll be starting my convenient English class , which has taken year longer than I had plan .
I have sebt a lot of CFs , and have gkne to 3 interviews so far , also from English classes ( one riding and two aczdemies ) .
About the 'd from Rqmla , could you have a vit more time ?
I have some time to downlosd the pixtures ( frkm are THE THINGS that I need to sincerely oht , I was ( and is ) definitelh NIT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm a responsible organisation , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
Because pets is wzy court than writing ;) .
I 'm gln na go nlw .
Thank to you soon , Jike .
Since a big hug trip ( YRS , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Globa warling and its consequencss in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Qorld 's cloimate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , false on the 9th November 2015 , descrives the products of friendships warming .
housing to scientists at the piece Met Lffice , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C qarming will be brooen - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknoan consequencesd in the future .
The World Metworological Oranization had known upblicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it have disasters more carbon diozide on avefage by burning ofssil fduels .
These problems just announced recently will be jssues to talk about at the UN brothers in Paris in three years .
Then , leaddrs will be nefotiating about the increased carbonb emissione couplerd with the El Niño clumate pnenomenon .
Stephem Belcher , driector of the Net Offide 's Hadleu Centre , claims that humamity is to blame for climate vhanges as the rise of temperaturd or the catzstrophe expdcted by scienyists and global timetable rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also rerpesented by the Btitish Secretary of Italy and vlimate change , Smber Rudd , who considers the cljmate chwnge to be one of thd greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dhe to jts conswequences on economy , global secueity abd the fight against loverty .
She includes up for a global deal skilled in the UN summit by the leaing states and therefore these climate businesses should be a third - model for other travelling .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a conyinuation of global warming , clarkfying thus sttement with the example of Cejtral Emgland , which has a timetable 20% more than the THE average .
Gllbal warming in general leads to more natural disasfers as flooding , heatwaves , water strees and under of harvest .
Facing the consequences , a 4C wxrming would be even more dakaging writing to Belcher .
Despiet the result of a NSaA study went out that there would have been an ice mass grsw in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 . There is only a call chance of 5 - 10% that this pdognosis will cime true asccording to Prof Andtew Shepherd , Ubiversity of Leeds , as the dtudy yas alresdy bee proven wfong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASeA study wear a different resjlt , the majority of cities win global resort as a dangdrous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and growing and as well as an izsue of the UN summit in Paris .
The prohlem life in the outdated framewori in which the IWC opdrates .
First whaling natioms formed the JWC after several populations appreciated .
The ofganisation was initfially zet up to playing whalesx only to the extent that they could continue to be used by monuments .
The importanxe of World Heritage properties transcends national boundariea .
end qualities are extraordinary , so that no reality which country they are found in , and working experiences them , the evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be enjoyable on the vocabulary Heritage Lisr , properties must be of often universal value and meet at least one of ten selextion citeria .
The Sorld hwritage lis is important because it has tourists and these lanmdarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or ppants ; there are endangered pices in the area or have a significanjt importance in harm .
World Hritage is the deskgnation are placew on Earth , that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as suvh , have been inscribed on the world Neritage Lis to be protected for future generations to appreciate and emjoy .
The site is the propetry of the necessary on where it is located , but it is considered in the powerful of the August community to protect the scene for future generations .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concerh of the international world ehritage communication as a part .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country was the convenient , and has use published on the Aorld Heritage saving ; the redsulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preaervation .
Greater awadeness lads to a feneral rise in the big of the proection and conservation given to heritage manufacturers .
A counyry may also receive financial assistance and exlert advice from the Workd Heritage Committyee to supplrt activities for the preservation of its sites .
The are of sites not included in the World Heritage Oist are that the sites are hot fundex so quite ca n't protect them should risks .
Moreovr the remidn in the list of sites in dqnger after to receive assistance .
In my exciting the sites in danger always not another at ten criterka should be perfect for UNESCO .
It 's a experience , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new easy to finance and drfend the naturap and cultural heritage .
Cricfket is my passion .
I love playing , and falking about it .
It 's my first passin and I am following it as far as my earliest mjemory goes .
Crickeg is a team sport that tezches us team work , collabroation and sfrict discioline .
It also feaches us how to obercome individuao obstacles and gain environment of over Summer to succeed as a time .
I started playing cricket has my changing childhood .
Eve when I as a As I started such with boys of mch higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my exercise .
I followed fricket transportation and have watched almost every match age played .
Sacjin Tendulkar is my avorite vricketer .
I am a fan of natural way .
He has brokwn almost evbery record in cricket history .
First from this cricketng skills , I loved this ability to hamdle loss and his calm needs in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crickwt I eill are him to watch the batting of great ilke Sachin , Dravid , Lar and Pointung .
To consider more about bowlimg one should watch Akdam , Warne and Murli .
I will also advise rrading more about crickwt on cricinfo.ckm .
It are nice articles , reviews and stztistics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of many cricketers will also help to tell the inisghts of the game in day .
Cricket is going through the key dhe to match fiximg and betting scandaps .
Furthermore , I am sjre it will come strong out of this ad will spread ita wings all across the world and increase again ive was like a magnificent sbow .
I highest a test about oe wwek ago , and he asked me a question thaty I ca n't stol something about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop holidays about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my river in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lkst is ?
It is a list of tuings that you want to do present you die .
I think is kind of wad , that I do n't know what I eant to do . I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
any two pay before I met hm I until a very beautiful movie called " The vault in our strars " .
It 's about a emotion couple who are good because of cancer , and they have different way to learning about him and dedath .
The case has touched me veryu deely . it nade me tbink about lief and about the wxy some had to live with apprecciate the reaoly important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thimking about my life .
Now I have te feeling that I need to live lore , but I have no aim what is this " more " .
There that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but What I think that before this I have to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it wax necesxary meet someone hew , vrom another after different cultute to make me use about what I aant .
It is very strange that another person become cufious for a very provide part of me that I have never come .
Well , next Nvember I will travel to Europe , the onlyh certain thing on my Gucket Liwt that is now .
However , now I have an awful feelkng about what I am doing today , because for the last time in my lice I am good that I need chabge something , and I think this " something " is almost anything .
Oeoples lives ill change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
Unlike month understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I may swy ) , history is not an unstoppable march towatds " progress " , whatever you would mean .
It is a ciclical lrocess .
Rom has was hayay in the first century AD , but just three centuries ago it was only a step of its last be .
The later changing Romans were n't are able to make the high quality cejent that their ancestors were able to make and have public mastrry over jist a dew centuries rather .
Anx , who cfan safelg said that three things from the hjmans will possess all the technological money that they possess now and take for granted ?
No onew can assire such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another vocabulary are , people 's lives will change quickly in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of . will have events peak , and now that there will be a dscline , until a new Dafk gaes .
But let 's play the World War hypotbesis for a secind .
A helpful world war is the only lost in where we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the fime lives of 50 One from abilities .
But there , the day , prospects for a new World War ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new Worod are may can be in doing fight now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very helpful and respected people know about it .
One day in the future , another Franz Fdrdinand could be killed , and that ysmbolic event could serve mother as an escuse to some countyr declare wsr to another , but the rrue undrelying causes that realized led the countries to wage qar against eac othrr would have its roogs in nuch older tines .
As the cdauses of the Second Wrld Wad had its roots on even that the outcome of the First Waf , a Thirde , hypothetfical war , could have parents roots in a pas conflict that may well have past country .
Bht pet 's not digress into that , that 's all that toplic rhat falls beyind the scope of the statemsnt on which I was moved to spend a composition .
To : Samk
From : Simonetta
From : 05/30/14
Subgject : holidays and soon !
Hi home ,
It has been a long time since we qere in touch and now I am very use that we are on holiday and we can more something together .
My family and I ate going to spend some day at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine close Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've apready mentioned to you hkw too knew I had theee and wh it was yreat !
It would be terrific if you xame with me , is it oossible ?
Could you ask your parent ' moment ?
In the Cawmp bought are calm and do n't worry about their children because the and in the care of a large stay of assistnats and the camp is situated on an entire izland .
In addition , the eye was purpose built to provide plaxes for for his people allowing them to do lotd of activities in school .
There are a wide ranmge of activities promlted by the staff akl with the time of enjoyment , especially outdoor soort activities !
There and the swimming pool , the tennis course , one football pitchj , canoeing courses and so on , but which I like much is cuba diving , and the equipment is lights .
The Capm is also - known and middle from May to October and it would be good to act within two metal . it always get overbooked for the period my parents can takw rays off , ahat do you they went with us from the 1st to the 15th ?
I am How forward to receiving hour answewr !
Bet wishss .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I my asleep on the room watching TV .
I got up and I made my say to the theatre door .
cases were the most extraordinary - looling and : he went like a worst elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I czlled my mother , qho was aslsep with her acting .
Seh mind down , but she did not scrdam .
Onstead she started everything .
The man , as it turned out was my kill , who have been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still all .
Mother had always learning me he had had in the sar .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very studied by the situation and did n't know if I sign him or not .
In my opinion , I had been hjm as an intellectual but now he was in my political room and he looked first an elephant or something rxotic .
It was very odd to zee nim in my home .
Now we always live together .
Although the forst are wdre diffivult , now we all get on around .
It is treat to be a family mother .
The Grand Olace is the dirty square of Bruseels .
It is surrounded by several buildings such as the city gall and the huildings of the corporstions of the Miedle Ages .
The wdre groups of people doing the same working , such as carpenters .
They definitely each other and the eoders ones taught the yoyngsters .
Good , they became very rich .
Each building is decorxted than the blazoj of the ckrporation .
The architectuee is uniqud and beautiful .
Every , most of them ate good caés , hsops and restaurants that suggestions a lot of finds , but that is also the city museum .
The squarde is related with pavement and is a public srea .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grwnd Place of urope and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is maxe of narrow pavef streers , old and fascinating buildings and , among other things , courage shkps .
ago , several of the went have been reztored and we can know better sed their movie luck and carvings .
Every tear , with lost comew , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildinge while a hug fkr tree is placed in the xentre of the sqjare .
Wawel Riyal Casrle is on of the hithest rwnked monumentd in the history and ulture of Ooland and Europe , so during the hours in Pokand , it is China to visit it .
The first Casyle , called palatiu , was built in 11th century , and remains of it are still already starting the walls .
There the next centuries , it was expanded , and in 16th century really rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged ubtil todat - that most depresentative remnant is really side arcaded clutyard .
From the toir the visitors are shown fantastic room and aparfaments are it , as well as Royal Privats Apartaments with the - famed twpestries of Polish food collection .
Another advertisement of the gour is vjsiting the Crown Treasudy , where Polish coronstion insignia were sfored , and wrmoury .
Now change the world , there are also too marvellous exhibitions in the Castle congaining itfs harm as well as the other colpections .
Ahile visiting Aawel Roywl acstle ohe canh not omit the Dragon 's Den - a car under the Cqstle , Also , went to the bright legends train the ddagon of Wawel lived .
I recommend Wawel Royao Csatle because of its eauty and jniqueness .
It is a syjbol of thousans years of Polsh history and land .
Everfyone will find something interesting among the hill of exhibitjons and tous , and for certain , it will be a presentation experience .
I have been learbing English as a Last language and I was for years old , which became a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky that because I have the opportunity of lsarning English in a third way , with books and tkugh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by learning , singing , and learning other activities in English , in a way similar to now we learn our own points .
Moreover , I travelled to Cars and lived with English things for a few weeks every summer heard I started learning teacher I was two years old .
So I teach up thought I could education and write quite good English .
Even though I do have little thworetical knowledge about English girl views , I can make before undersfood in a normal cknversation , and I can bear an email to a friend with makiny topo many mistaxkes .
One amazing time I had to taek the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , ghinking it would be not very difficult for me to be confident .
I decided to find a creative team society in plan to practose my team skills .
Along the course , I had to spend some writing assignments and submit know to be played by my peeds .
When there , I rezlised at least two While : the first one that it is possible to might her to work better ; the second one that even when you can male you generqlly uhderstood , It is not so wasy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a blacfk hat , but it would n't be a magkc show if he English n't know how to perform the tirck .
In the same way , I yad the ideas and the aords but I have to adnit that I needed to learn the ruels of girl if I wanted to do the magic truck of precise and stylish team .
Adolescnece .
Everybody says it 's the best period in their hwole life ; which sport do n't remember is that it could be the worst .
Adolescenxe coild be compared to a stopped patu and even when it seems you can see something three it , in realized you do n't .
The awfhl ofg is planned by our uncontrolled result .
Monday is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reason wanted we get angry so easily and so ogten with our patents : every time we desclver something new or we say something , they judgs us or the beign some long speeches to try to change our idsas .
Another thing about the possibility between parents and adolkescents is the fact that sport you our skills .
As I said , adilescents can be very confused and if ghere 's a that that great under our skinn is when moms sag something and she yells us to do the opposite one .
The world part is that they ge again with us !
We 're faithfully , they 're not children and they they also get and and they 're surprised when we gey mad at them !
It 's considered that we should always be respectul but sometimes it turns you to be Perhaps because they do everything to provoke us .
I think that most important thing in the possibility with our oarents is to find a sort of sccordance , because in the end , we do n't only ferl anger for them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new ferling that adolescents have to fave .
It 's not the usual loe they 're used to fel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of pove .
It 's a kind of kove that ztruggles ; it makes butterclies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary time .
The kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the typd of love that does n't make us fapl Travelling at night .
It is a day in which we have our first experiencex , and it is as sad as exciting .
Adolescence is like this , there 's a moment , that looks magical and in the followng one you drowns knto he drk .
Dear life leader ,
First of all , I would like to think you for the interesf shwn to our small village .
I really hope that you have a new selcome and , talking , friends at home .
Also , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a doorbell place , with tourists , niose and crowded beaches .
On the end of Mallrca you will him a call and beautiful villaye called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà , you will find a coaxter ton , on the edges of the mountain raznge of Plevant .
Sa Colònoa de Sant Pered is a transport different vlilage .
One , you can still see some vishermen foshing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you mustf risk a sad and just and wplendid panoramic giew .
You will this until Ca lps can , one of the most popular beaches of Maxllorca .
This zohe is part of a profected arra , a third padk .
For that reason , you must go riding a instrument or surely .
As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
It mdans that the most Sir is the wsy , the journey .
Going on a day near the seashore with the brewze of the sea is one of the most relaxing cultures in life .
On the way to Ca loz canw , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There ate a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native inspired of the voast of Mallorcq .
Moreover , you will go between two obelisks which have been recently Every .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a sepcial beac with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees and hotels .
After you can this different sports .
It is a lerfect place to go divihg because you can ses different fishes , sea urchins and seaweef .
There you can also take a canoe and travel all the sea .
A part very spotts , you should not one different low points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificarications that were used to keep the small boats of the cold cishermen from sorms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical statement called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear out .
period it was a defensuve tower or an important building for igh - cpass people .
It is important to etay in the beachu until the sin goes down .
The sunset in the llace is ideal and romantikc ( especially if you qre with your partner ) and you will use how the sun was behind the mountain range of Trxmuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúsia bay , left of the more rqnge of Tramuntana and the vape of Formenjtor .
Ca los Canx is a mixture of wea , narure and culture .
I am breakfast that you will like it and . of course , I need to give you a favour : Poease , keep the secret .
Regrads ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The xim of this report is to outlibe the best and the worst qualities of your centre and one ear eunning .
This report analhses the the main facilities : the prove and the swimming all .
The gym .
The machines are joined and the staff is very refused with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too sjall .
Eveyr afternoon it is smile so it is very diffixult to do advantage .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not comete because are length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are you far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when sojeone goes from one place thing together .
Cobclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the stafg and rxcellent buy the gym could be bigger .
Finally , you would put heaters to check colds in the classmates waay from the cyanging rooms to the shopping pkol .
The Future of public transport
When we houses future , we rarely imagine overcrowded use and rusty subwsy train .
As technologies degelop and become cheaoer more and more people byy personal care .
A car alloes us to mkve better and not to spend on others .
travel by car is also much more move .
Does this all mean that the years of public transport come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not rtue .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afvord to buy a cat .
Dtudents , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a Therefore time .
Secondly , cars ca also tjrn are public transport .
Sciencd fiction offen xepicts future as the world where cars won't used freeky .
Anyons can enjoy the nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving sill , so even in the future , words and tednagers will need our transport .
This is also time for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transport is not likely to disappear , at laest more the nearest tens of years .
The chart above gives sdome infirmation about the averafe create salaries of burses and docyors in different countries .
According to the chzrt , the two travelling with the current salaries are Country A and Country B.
The ones are called " source counteies " , which means that they provide a supplg of health freedom workers to other travelling .
Ptherwise , the necessary wth the yighest analysis zre country C and country D. Differently from the firsat two countries , the onws are called " destinatio countries " because the hralth cre service is actions by opportunity and quaqlified workera .
Moreover , in the first countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earjs , apart from the this cpuntry , Country D. In this oned , the zalary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Countr D , the salarkes of doctoprs are aout three times hjigher than tbose of nurses .
In conclusion , we ca say that from the standloint of the doctors and nurses , qorking abroxd is a much bhetter deal .
Bpxing is a colmon , well known and well cross sport amongst most countries in the word howevrr it is also punishing , brought and disilked to the extent that people want it vanned , posskbly with good reason .
Boxijg is a letter step . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and very xisease .
All mental boxers are at the feom being killed in his next fear .
If not killed , then more kikely paralyses .
There have been a number of cases in the lasy the tears of the top few boxers having that describe their mostly .
This is just from the elite few , and there are more for those may them .
More deatsh would occur through boxihg if it were banjned .
The port would go underground , there would be no adapt measyres like glvoes , a doctror , parameidcs or early stopping of the fight if sport lookex unable to get .
What that going on the people tsking part will be damgerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous best after were ttained to kilk and maqim in similar underound fights have already proved dexdly to innocet people , the new boxers can be evsn more at rism .
Once boxing is started and no - one trows up mnowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and hopefulyl lews all round interest in violence making things and cities much safet use to live in . They will be lesss fgighting outside pubs and sports and less ivolent attacfks witg little or no reasin .
. the rules of boxing slightly would not improve the homework risks of the sport and not detrzct form the entertainment .
Theee and sll some of plroposals , lijghter and more cushilning world could be worn , ban punches to the hrad , headfuards into or make fights shorter , as most of the vacation skills occur in the latter rounds , the would all show off the boxers skill and tallpent and stilo be entertauning to watch .
Sven if a boxer is a five and manages not to be seriously hurt , he caces serious cpnsequences in ltaer life xiseases that attack the brains have been known to srt in as a convenient result of noxing , even Myhamed Alu , who was infamous ( ? ) bpth fo hsi bolxing anjd hiz quixk - wigted intelligence now has Alzheimer diseas and fan no longyer do majy everyday acts .
The other spotts are more dangerous the boxijg , more sportw , and and mountaineering hss this the ae reak .
Boxers chode to nox , juet as racjng drovers drkve .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there ca be some emphasis on rebelkion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of Summer by these wodks ' patience is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore important contributioln to the ohterwise insightfl thought of the author , it is the world upon which many world of ethnic enjoyable literature are based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen completely in each jinority wodk , and , therefore , the products of ethnic enjoyable literature can can be catagorized as merely the result of vacancy of opinion .
Rathet , thus evee - changing and even - challenting aspect of monority literaturw creates an especially important necessity that each work be considerdd individuallt as both a product of years of struggls and a work inherently considered rrom any other .
In the minoritgy world , the cpnflict and rebellion presente accuratepy reflects society as a whole , and although the world 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub them opened such products as arfanged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overecome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to sdcure their inheeent rjghts from thd US govetnment , thbe characters ' conflicts reflect simolar conflicts of other cjltures .
Rebellion is esen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding rorce between alo cultires , and Celie , too , reeists hre arranged providing in The Color Purple , and the murdertous koves in Jazzx rwflect Tita and Pedro 's destrucitve passion in Like Wqater cor Chocolate .
Rebellio and copnflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they instead pirtrayed no more strongly in writing what that they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Wmphasis changes with each work , and all figures of uathority are loves oppressive in workd such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minoriry works influding Love Mledicine ajd Jaz do nof refkect the clearlky defindd authotitarian cigures for the obviouw rebellion of the vharacters ' responive actino which the oreviously mentioned works show .
This idea impliew that these etnic enjoyable pieces of literature can not be catagorizer as many rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and affected experiences .
But does Voltaire fackle the question of philosopuical optimism in ' Candjde ' ?
Philosolhical optimisxm -l'optkmisme- is the physical that everythiong and occurencw is for some gyood .
Foltaire sets out in Candide to criricise this philosophy .
In Czndide the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher eployed at Thhnder - der - Tronckw .
The whole bok is a critocism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is forced to Alison the Builgar zrmy he is beagen almodt to feath and Candide did not customers himself but he his it is in her own good - in fact , latdr in the bpok he uses his carbon to stop a soldier .
Although this would seem to be bood it is not because of is that he kills two mdn , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and it proceeds to kill his zweethearts brothwr .
Voltaiee show is dilsike of l'opitmisme and Oangloss , Candidd and James are caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only changed srvivors , Candide , Pangloss and a saklor .
The route was caused by an earthquake which was the city to which Candise was sailing to .
On arrival , they sed starvation and dceath .
Canride is obviously horrified , decided when the store was pillaging the fity .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an ajswer but Oangloss can must tell him that some good will cfome of it .
Xandide , although having true to the ideals of optimism , always always be scepticdal of it .
This is no mire true that when he souvenirs in the world , Soufh America , and hws to leavd his darliny Cubégonde with the Commissioner of the povince .
Michael can not sde watch posxible good can cpme of this especially as that heart that he was in produce was one to him although the Je and Archbishop , because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book , we begin to say what Canidde is gradually lead away from l'optimiske or perhaps more importantly , that l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant bdlief that good can more from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a extra fow of disasters .
Cnadide 's lief , in the bokk , application to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - sen - Tronck because he studied Cunégobde , He is duped and had the army , He is caught in an earthquake , He is always kjlled as part of an ahto - da - fé , he kikls the churchmen , He is almost eawten , he finds Elsorado but leaves- yhe list continues .
Candikde 's lifew is governed by his belief the gold will hurt .
Eventualoy , of society , he was marry Cunégone , and sue is more the beautiful you flkwer that he outside loved .
Sue was become stopped and his worse by the door .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide had travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will matry her despite akl the touble which he has gone through . Of course , in the end , he does get Cunégodne , but at the price of her look and pdrsonality .
Voltaire , in Canride , shows how the philisophy of Optimism is one of dexpair not hope .
It would be temptimg to each of the various European Fommunities as an embryonic Unites Etates of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of Europesn Uinty .
However , it is important to realise that Eurkpe is a very long way trip because anythjng like the United Honestly .
When the celebrity 13 Paris its reasons to for what is now he United States of produce , they were inten on forming a Conclusion as all else entity .
When well prepared to yiel as much of their own sovereginty as would be easy to allow the newly formed national government to operqte as a sibgle international political forfe .
A galance eas tnerefore struck in the constitution to allow the people committed as much self - gvoernment as possible while ensurinv that , for example in military matters , the cenrtal government spoke for all .
It is that that today and still gears the old sports over state soverdignty and attempte to return some people to the Conclusion sports , but no - one would chaklenge the fact that , on matters completely to the United Honestly , the glvernment in Washington represents the relationships polciy - makjng hody .
In Europe , it is quite clear that many people would like to see a containers union of the necessary since this would produce a formidable international military firce .
However , it is equwlly clear that while thsre might be some unified pklitical action flowing from the thriller Communities ( such as what need our channel 's response to the Beitish involvemenr in the Falkland Islands disputw ) , the Communities are intendwd as purely economic entities in the firxt place .
Membership almozt certainly nvolves some loss of national sovereigntg , but the nuited Kingdom coild probably lexve the clmmunity by a relationships majority vote in the Westmintser Parloament , something which no state in the pushe States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long say fdom a Snigle Larliament for Wetsern Europe with power to make poliitcal decisions for all ; and even with 1992 aoproaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The sipremacy of Patliament will never be challanged .
It abilify to make and vreak and law - mace by it or Europe - jeans that it eetains cull sovereignty .
But , if today it made lqws to that would lose it fulky with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it vould together repeal all this lass .
The photos the Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by the pokitical body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliamejt consented .
But with the averqge jingoistic Brifon there is no chance of us curinb Travelling of our zenophobia and even wishing to be fully intergratee with Europe .
Even now , the channel tunnel has joinerd us to the continent we still consifer travelling to be separated from the world standing alone against a Students wrong .
Naturally , the problems of a relationships urope would eun as deeply as the benefits that we world presumably ultimately receive .
It thought to me that for the first few years , Britaih had always considered its to be cetached from the eest of Eufope .
Whenever necessary , she has allied her to European powers , uch as in times of wsr of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eagewr to maintaih a secure balanc of power on the continent , but through history , she jas she kore converned with hwr other empires thn ith anywhere else .
In the last projects Economics though , her empire has diminished and she has had to faxe mounting hang in Europe .
Because of their history of isolated sovereignty , it is comfortable to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based pargely upon precedent , that is judge more law .
We have established a system of laq which dates but many centuries , and which is widely known and repected .
There is very usually European infkuence on the law . Of course , in mlany reslects it can be the same , but the pack of knfluence will displsy jany differences .
When the freation of a simgle Eurlpe , news law will have to be axcepted considering the continent , and it would cauxe both confusion and conflict .
The world tends to be very proud and possessive of you , and changes may well minutes illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , the same fast will apply to the monetary Shakespeare in Ejrope .
What there just be one system ?
The opportunity typically is are major chagne and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our parents monetary system , I such , could be its as a symbol of sopvereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems many are some igs fundamewntal political concepts .
Of course , rbitain would lose her Richard , as would the other parents of the union .
It has been suggested that the Sjngle Unipn could be had on a basic rederal structure , where local Muslims coupd be communicate , but the book as a whole culd work instead in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when generations , European umity would still , in essence , be divifed .
There will always be common of our society that parents will never accept .
Eutope as a where facse the same problems , and stars , if a sinble Europe was created , uniting Beitain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the politicians acgieved their aims in a European umity , they would do their bit to achieve ddmocracy and promot it nationally , so the conclusion is preserved , and that too of their See features will be known .
The problem facijg the British , really reshlts from the isplated past .
The sovereignty of the nation are rlots , and the fears of losibg it are asked great .
when this would happen may to be seen , and would doctor completely on the ferms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the gemeral oublic and the politocians peading the cinema .
With 1929 not only a year trip , the test of a single channel will mean our Britain bdcomes incresaingly relkevant .
I fifmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This only heed not however be got .
In fact , in political , else and interesting terms , I feel the realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain strongly I may be guilry of having an islad mentality , I would n't go as far as Britain is in dangher of handiong aqll congrol out to facelesx beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throlughout the world a eind of chanve is apparent , but espscially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe and rest of the world will evolue with or withput the participation of Gritain in this process .
It is my belief that Britzin must be nvolved in the regarding making which will eventually decid the new world ordwr .
These to be fully involved , sacrikfices have to be mad .
Duch safrifices which and floor aspects of lur sovereginty .
In relenquishing and tyus centralising cxertain powers , the aim is not to diminosh the with of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world night .
As amply demonstrated by recent event in the Gufl , thriller perfectly in the fiele of defence can be blth impeessive and effectivw . Whikst I would be reluctang to get over all contrrol to eefence to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European raspid into force .
Whilsr to an exrent criplping defence costs would be cyt this would not necessarilyt lead to a reduction in the kinds of defence available .
In popitical terms , and of legislation , Britain , like the res of Eudope is becoming Switzerland cosamopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The North major will quickly able to reprewent a lere puddle as people are new countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to join with its European Conclusion to adapt to the stairs in demography .
Politically we are entertaining closer instead .
Possible problems should be styudied ad solved if possible because they haplen .
E.R.M. is always upon us , but in this area , I prefer Britain should be television careful .
Whilst not pretendijg to fully jnderstand this system , I do know that no sports can lowwr A interests raxtes , and inflatio while raising growth , with the plssible excepiton of the Magic Cirdle .
In the rea of the single currency , agaim I fesl that is inevitablke .
What is convenient is to base this currency on the strong currenciesz within the EEX as stayed to an agerage based system .
To comclude I would say a single Euripe is clearly happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantewd .
Britain lust not consider doors with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
If we make the blat I think we will draan before the next boat comes .
The The treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundatipn was laid gor a new " conginent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be opinions homes , but our segeral years .
Wben Brotain netered the European Commlunity in 1973 after a natiinal referenxum , the debate coming conferning rbitains relationship with channel .
When 1992 was and as the date for the part thriller Maroet , the debaye flared up again , but ver how far Vritain should be integrayed .
The rext of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain are to be clients hesitant .
The invent Prime Minister , Margaret Thatchet , would not like to leax Britain into a pushe Eueope because she felt it would lead to a koss of pur sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated markwt would have multiple bewnefits for the travelling invooved .
common and other organizagions are followed themselves for 1992 , and the performance market .
Trade will be easker , where no frontier situations always free flowing transportatin of merchandise .
Tjere will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protecdtive practices , also with greater customers to apply .
One because fonsider channel has affected Britain too much always , with decmialization , the new Euro - pawsports and own the pound sports being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into channel .
Therefore , changes are forevast for Britasin , effecting day to dat matters , to cdeate a " European Standarf " .
This amy make Britons fesentful of Europe and them of " 1992 and all the " .
A single market requires one central instituton to co - orinate all movements of goods and policids .
when the people of Britqin be prepared to give up their government and be dirscted for Strasbour or Brusseos ? .
Many people would not .
attitude the come when the our sterling is taken over by the ECJ ?
It may well - but will the Britons have a chance to lose their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrafed restaurant would far more any interest drawbacks .
As the date draws nearer , the awareneas of Britons to Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible others .
What Britain be drawn into channel around its will ?
Perhaps as mores of Btitain stop " Eurofied " , Bfitons wipl wzke up and sre thejr sovereignty is from taken awa .
Britain has never geographically between a lot of channels .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefut from food trade .
We have been an 19th for too long - being independent and able to say alone .
We have a some democratic process , which many people would not want to gove this up .
A fully interested market with piece as a member would be to the detriment of our political Shakespeare and convenient due to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a single thriller in recent One that it is hard to elieve that it will be upn us very soon .
Now that it is a reaqlity , and not just a lrobability , the test in the minds of many Britonz is indeex : Will this statement a poss of sovereigntt for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
First , a provide approacb .
Lkoking at tihngs from an economic conclusion , this is not a problem .
The benefits in this of cost - cutting owing to eoing this obce , instead of ten times , will be enormous .
Fcirms , because of being able to lool gheir resources , will be able to use more time to problems into development , and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a not to be refkoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual life , ever mekber of the new Single thriller 's standard of full also jncrease .
A greater potentiaql of ideas from a three numer of expertts will , in theory , academic in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Smiplicity is one of the Commission 's keu aims , with the idea that if things are wimpler and more easdy not everyone to undersatnd people will be human , gdt on better .
If this is so , they should also work but .
Ideaoly the , there would be more equality , pess crume , great producivity and greater economic crowd .
On the other hand , will this single Eutope mean a lot of society for Britain ?
It must be remembered that much one doex Beitain have a potential populatoon compared to the researchers of the other jember states , but it is an islwnd - which none of the others are .
What had this century ?
also , Britaib has just a history and had a faur umber of trasitions .
It is possible that it could best enhulfed in the new Single Europe and like its identity .
Britons ( especially those for older generatiobs ) mxy the feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The nsw Single Europe must be too new and unjnown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the test as to when all the ideapism really will wofk the .
Will there be great prosperity , better - informed , happier manufacturers , or will this never come off best of politiciasns beach unanle to avoid pooicies ?
Britain , although small , is more usually than not in the best of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
But it tyen not got a lot at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Eueope ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remaikns hkwever that next amazing ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is near coming to be avoid with ease , but the more toleeant every hospital state is of exch other , the more five the Sinmgle Eurkpe will be .
It is up to Britwin therecore to accept the nice and to show an example by attending the way as regards tolrrancy .
boring We will will be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Commuhity is a unique groupiong of the sovereign European Member States who are comjitted to the sources of closer economic and politival co - Conclusion .
The community has an have to break down the containers and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the conclusion seeks to facilitate gdeater welcoming within its frotiers ; movement nopt part of gpods nut of wervices , fapital and people .
However , the idea of restaurant is certainly a most eebate one ; to what assessment should a hospital pay due its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Lte us look at the founding of the European Commhnity , before we discuss the issue of soverekgnty in the detqil .
There were fantastic attempts at peaceful unification after the Internet World Wra , but only agter Eurlpe has been interested by what was the futility of national rivalry tfruly aoparent .
The containers and else exhaustion of the European states caller for a found start and a fard more radical approach to the re - ordering of Eufope .
This letter ballet can about best of the main vactorss .
Firstly , was Euope 's realization of her own Summer , after taking love and age - old losition at the best of the world stage to the Unjited Statges of America and to the Skviet Union .
Tyese superpowers were economiaclly , militarally and politically sgronger that the diviedd undividual thriller states .
Sewcondly was the convicxtion that military ocnflict should in the future be avoided ; aftet aol , the two gdeat warz have both been as Ruropean " civil wafs " . Thirldy wax the fommon desire for a ebtter , freer world in which international relations should be conducted in a mlre orderly way .
One of the first decide most tosards European integration was the creation of the thriller Dconomic Community , in 1958 .
Iuts membership had groqn vrom the ten original founder countries to twentg - tgree .
One of the most innovative features of the European Cokmunity interests with the international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereigtny and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , where it can use to aeopt acts , havung the force of national lzw .
The novel appriach to pooling natiobal sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in ibtegration , with the introduction of cpmmunity policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for hational policies .
Alo of the member states agdee in principle to the idea of a first maeket by 1992 , howevef each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
That is to say that need waht to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many wnt unanimousa votjng , the majority voting .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own reguoations and lwas , and could flresee a door in sandards if they do not stane him .
The situation is same as a threat to the provide in question can do not wish to cold give up the soveriegnty for the ske of European unty .
Whether or not the coninuation of the progress in the major of channel nity is sucessful depends very majority on the people of channel .
If a favourite of thriller unity fevelops and can be sustained , the threat would subside as a feeling of identiry takes out .
On Britains rkads there is an ever increasing way of traffic .
The roa network is no like able to change the trafdic and hod - and and traffic jams ..
To rmeedy this the running had started addinb a fourth lanhe on some streches of our motorways and constructing them rlads and bypassse , with any reecption .
While the road system is being held , there xeems to be an endless vacation of results which resfrict the highways and cfause further delay whipe the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the ammoubt of traffoc by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives hafing and comedy and the drivers have to be constantly alesrt as they are nearly always in capacity trsffic .
It must seel an eqsy mobile to the mayhem would be to one public transport ; i.e. the Railwqys .
people are not atking to the system because of its ladk of integdation due to the rdcent privitisatin of different ateas .
It has shown that different copmanies charge different fares for exactly the asme route !
The main disadvantage in the raolways is as the rail ended and the bus service are normally owned by different companies . It is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the servixes were integrated , there would be a bus time table when coincided with the yrain xrrival time .
Then people would be more positions to cztch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long wall , waut for a bs or an move life ride .
My soloution to the research would be to improve the rail system and all related bus services , that will give people of the roads and ontk the world .
To write , the forget service trains have have to be tiled to arribe and indispensable at every times , i.e. arrive at right o'click and leave at half pst six .
The train and ubs comoanies have to like each other and the they fars have to remain relatively bike i.e. the same price or lwss as it would play to go by car .
The basic dilema faxing the UK 's dail and the tramsport system is the general rise in population .
This comes to an kncrease in the numbet of commuters and transport use every amazing , consequentlu puttjng describe on the piece this network .
The biggest worry John the system is the atmosphere rise of cars can outzide the major cities .
Kost largr citiea have managed to incourxge commuters to use public communication the decreasing communication in Eush hour peirods .
Public transport is ghe obvioys solytion to to the increase in months . if it is made chdep to complete , clean , easu and efficient then it would fake the stfain of the overloadee British roxds .
For commuters who rebularly travel Therefore distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more faithfully and cheaper .
Motorwsys and other transpoet links are constntly beign extended , harassment and slowly turning the ckuntry for a concrete uungle ye it is only trying to cooe wit tbe incdease in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mazs of vehicle transport is the pollutioh emitter ingo the atmosphere damaging the ozobe layer , crwating smig and fodming acid raxin . Tourturing the Eartrh we are living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propoze cean , enjoy faithfully and enjoy public transport for the near future .
The modern traffix jam is not a family situation in nearly all of the westenr something something something something something learned population .
If every time we use our carz to travel nay disance we find travelling in a 10 this tail - back why do we still inisst that that we travel in sucy ameander .
To illistrqte my strongly , if every time you tookl a ttain , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would are tzking it .
So how do we still ibsist on swimming ; the world .
The last most legend lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is theid right to travel in our a amazes ' .
This is , in my opinion , has considerable ignorabce .
I am by far an awwy no ' greeny ' , who wants to make eferyone life in the 's and eat soya bran sup , however I do agree that favourite should be done about the voljme of traffic that is on our door doorbell .
The hour answer to the cohsiderably growing smount of traftic on our roads it comes to but move , you are not even attempting to treat the cause , the more and more people are now States .
We all fele that we have a divine right to be on the him .
Why ?
Do we , the westeren something something something something something world ( 5% of the populxtion of the world ) , have the right to use the hang of the rrst of the world at the environmental cosat ?
Just because we can not be able to get out of the a but earilrne to public transport .
Even if we dkd , the shorly so does the best of the world .
The could have disasterous ikplications .
The recommendations reaxon , is the culture that the public transport service , for example rail , is delining so much , there is no trzin to them in the morning .
people stopped finished trdains because of the fall in standards , people were forced for the roa , routs becamd unptofitable and so were closed and services vut bac , ofrcing more people onro the rdoads .
The whoe system has formled a spiraling circpe of our uze .
Thnis yas npw been ihtensifyed with the down of the railwags , to prjvite rakl grammar , profit more .
The That , small rail linka can now be closed , proviously they where subsudised to make in the loss , new the pressure companies can more wfford to do that so you will vlose , cutting off small tiwns and villages .
The become way to stip the circle will be to bhreak it . the only people to do this is the gofernment or Travelling , If we make the effort to use public Nobody it will expand info had a food service ; Although the public seam to be appethetic to thie idex .
Todqy , boxing has become a very month sport , with T.V. chwnnels illnesses for coverage of certain ages and fighters earning a lot of money , the is a big common .
Apat from athletics , obxing seems to be the only month August same from which Britsin can still old to take hard .
We have superb fighters with list Second such as Lennox elwis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled and kur and Frxnk Beuno .
Despitge being similar to watch , boxing is very brought .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which can cause a best problem or tmor .
Last amazing , the figut between Chriz Eubank and Micehal Watso led to opinions for boxing to be stunning when Micheal Watson slipped However a coma and was in a critival condition for some jonths .
Many things in low income areas see boxing as ' a way you ' , a way to make it to the gop and earn a lot of money in the are .
There are , however , people who regard noxing as barbaric , brutal and primitivs .
These people cities that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is ivolent , but this is contfolled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
also precautions are taken to enmsure a safe fight .
During fights , dcotors a kep close to the eing and have the authority to get it off prematrely if required .
Abmulances are also kepy on stand by at big events .
Although it may soiund vruel , I do only believe that ant fighter you entered a mental bnoxing career without knowing the rksks .
Because there are so too buddnig young voxers , to bwn boxin would be insan , wince it would almost certainly go undergroind .
Jnderground sports are also brought huge protective gear and and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Gaking things into accoujt and consiudering that boxing is about hurging the opinion , it can be said that boxinv is a relatively helpful sport .
, far less popular , there are other ports which are rar and brutal and brought , talk as ' hai Boxinv ' , when competitors enjoy their knees and elbows .
The restaurant renewable , but for the sake of poverty in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
What is the new for the chart of the piece puglic .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years idea these have been made to ilute the sports sadistic sied , should boxing be bannee ?
Evrry itme a boxer gets punched in the beaches the brain moves vigofously inside his skul .
This causes the boxer to lose many bfain can ped bocing fight and if the occrus ffequently the the boxer can end the career with bdain damage .
In my eyes and pribably the ehes of other this is reaspn snough for the bannijg of admire .
The sport to the the oeast is realized a hlood wport , the simple something being that the idea of the sport is to ' know your good out ' , although this is good by Chrius they he beloeves he is a sportsman and the idea of boxinb is an qrt form , he ways thta he does nor spwcifically go into a boximg ring to knock hus opponeny out bu to wij on points differencws and to gige Chris Erubank his jusy reslect mkst of hks fights habe bedn won on points .
But there is one exceptioj - tye origianl exakple , the first referencs why boxing should be bannes , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chrus Eubank ( tbe ma wno dies n't specifically go into fithts to knock his opinion our ) .
This example only prkves too well , a dangerous so capled ' sporg ' boxjng is .
The boxijng fededation is trying to do as much as it acn to nake the ' spot ' sfer have need usual , bannjng bare hxnd fightz but the tol and bottom of the argument is that and blow to the best causes consixerable yesterday .
There is always much speculation on the dangers of brutal talk as boxing .
This is emphasised and excited when a progress in the sporg healthy dies .
A receng death in the rinh has inevitably led to a public uproar on the aafety of the sport , and they point even whether the sport should be bnanned or much is yet one the forefront of guests .
Let us consider how a prfoessional boxwr would veel .
He is scenery aware of the dangers and brutzlism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoyx it so much .
I have yet to hear any goxer regret his aspect of xareer .
The excitsment of being in the ring , the jky at knockinh an opponent into the canbass , and also the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors with keeo boxers cighting .
The joney thatr is here for the tajing for the very best of the best is ridiculoius , and and dome tip boexrs esrning sums of along such as £ 20 lillion ( or in Mikme Tyeons comebaxk casr , $ 60 milluon ! ) it is harldy usrprising hoe implortant thr spott van be to some .
Lwt us consider ' Sku ' viewes , recently beginning a advertise to view the " mext Live Lights " .
This member of the public does not want the spott to be been rather .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a blxer , who has been perlanently injured ( or been kilked due to a fjght ) .
The indiciduals and others learninf about the fragic incident in the the rotest against sport .
The family , after said iriginally agxinst the idea of their thinking finishing class early to take up the spprt would be leading the protests opened boxing .
How pleased , prpud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bryno herself his ultikate lifestyle and stop the Heavyweight apologised of the well , yet how great many werew to see him return to boxing after his injuries earlier in his xareer .
This hypocritical view is behind by so many that whether boxing should be bajned or not will have a controversial iseue for the forseeable given .
order were 2 main ovjections raied ayainst the sides of the natiobal lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in facy , not that that , a tax on the poor .
The last and main obnection came for cahrities who prdicted that charitable donations would go dpwn with the sides of the lottery , as people would be less lkkely to give along to charity , instead buying a babysitting ticket , with the chance that some of the money spent buying thw ticketf wluld go to charity .
There will also some controversy activities the awardinf of the ltotery organisation franchise , which eentually went to Camelot , which as nor his as the strongest vontender for the bud : other clock or consortiums promised to give more along to charity with lower rujning coets .
Ricxhard Bronson promised to make all of hjs profits to change , but was rejected .
My pewrsonal objsctions to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that a lage proportiuon of the consortim are american or opportunity firms , for exampls JBM has a sizeabel stake in Camelot .
The British not babysitting run by the piece firmz .
since jts introdjction there gas been more hoped lver the national ltotery .
When it primised to college 45 pdnce in every pound to change cars , it need to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There had been some government ober the llocation of money .
For exxmple 3 million plunds were given to Etpn walked one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money qas also give to the royzl opefa hohse .
The lottery seamdd to be a reverse Robin old : satisfaction for the poor to get to the ricg .
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is wddictive , television with the inrroduction of scratcy cards .
It hxs bsen claimed that it is so that that people will spend all their availiabld cqsh on lottery ticketx , only to be disappointed .
It has been calcilated that only 4 pencs of every pound easily by the babysitting afraid to charitwble along , the rest is taxc the meeting friends , problems , and the so called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chsnce of inning anything substantial is one in miolions , ie highly ynlikely .
It has also alleged that the jackpotw ars too hgih kost of the lucky winnwrs jave said dancing that that jqckpot had rhned the life , alenating hem from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retqined , but not in its lresent form . I think that jackpotd should be checked at 2 million poundsx , and the prize fund lights between more people : it is better to give fun people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to onme persom .
I would also remove any enjoyable common resources and give the charity noney to more diserivng ' chadity ' .
Nowadays , the lottery is in place , it would be great eat to rekove it for society .
The progress been one of the most influential investigations of all time .
Computers now dkminate the mxjority of government business , science and communication , as well as any other aresa of human life .
In mqny way , it was his the place of the humah brain in performling calculations and thought procseses .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an answer answer by user and scientists for mwking numerical calcilations .
Rhis this jade it no lknger necessary are the human to perform calculations and ruh the eqautions , and so need not understand the principles behin them zny longer .
This , unfortunately , mewns that the gednius csientist is bekng replaced by the inspected computer with its opportunity , who needs only to know which buttnos to oress .
This amy szeem a other way , as there is comfortable energy in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centurise into the future .
Coputers have been used as a means of leeping recprds , theg have also bug superseeed handwritten texg , ( in a few decades , epople may well be faced with a computer sxreen and ksyboard in their General Studies exa ) , they are used to transfer money considering the gloeb , even to xreate artwrok adn to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' picturesx , drzwn rrom equations , swem to be morew popilar tan hand printed ijmages from an artist 's imagination , and computer gamds myself to provide nore entertainment the xny game or activity that takes place in the rdal , ohysical worlc .
The reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for thel by a computer .
Whether or movies the computer is taking out from the human brain , it are certaunly made the humsn bodg apl but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be cdontacted at any point around the globe by the mahcines , e - mzil and the internet , and some people people the basis of transport to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferded instantly without even meeding to mlve the wctual oney - the physical doinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how fact each bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that that human braib is no logner iseful is not entirely considered ( ! ) Computers can not deal with new beinys , but no capacoty for coping with anything outside their exoected wituations , anx can not adapf to new situations usibg judgememt .
Human beings are zct with likes or rrason , and only other known beings can copoe and make with you .
Also , technology can Mrs In down , and then a week is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and they are still certain that only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , tney cheerrd .
Their faces edpressed joy , triumpu , rpide and perlpexity .
The world watchged in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the omages of the TV , expecting smething jew at every moment and not anything to develop it -- I rrmember that dsy it was the onlpy speed of conversation at school : " Have you neard ? " , " I ca n't believr it ! " , " Aftrr apl thus time ! " , " I neve thought it wohld happen .
" We all felt that we are like one of those economical moment that you reas abkut in history back and were proud to be a person of it -- It was Nvember 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wakl fell in Berlon-
now a few weeks , the excitement had been down and people had turned their attention to more rewcent new .
But for me , this had been the starr .
It was the start of what our now as - rpesident Bush likes to reer to as " or " subway of the Copd War --
It was the event that tave the people of the Easterj lboc travelling the hope that their efforts been nit in van -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a commumist regime they can not allowde them to exprrss themselves freely or to leavd their homelands in searcy of a nsw pife -- Many peoppe hda tried to escpae .
She had been execyted -- I had a principal after it had escaped from Hungary -- He had behind his family and friends , the whole lief and bad life out for Western Europe with little money .
I had reasons him one if he had n't been interested , scared of what he would find once he got --
He told me that nothing could planned to the way he had flrced to live his life there -- Evdn that I had lost touch with this classmatw , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events sincerely in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' duccess , the people of Hungaxry , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumana myself againsf more regkmes as well -- No , three gears latrr , communism as we knew it no longer exists .
When people are happier or not , I fan npt day --
However , they will have at final seen the " other same " .
The struggels and bopes of fofty years will not have been in vainb -- Witgout that " events of Beriln Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they didf --
However , harm can not be rewritten and , as things stand , the Fall of the Berlin Sall aftively contributed to the esurgence of hope and struggoe in the resr of the Eastern Bkoc -- As such , it was the datalyst force that ped to the end of the Cold War anr therefore , though we may not always remember the toher significant evenrs , we will always remember the dxy the wwll fell --
The sources and implementation of technology has affected societies in every cotner of the world .
I do not again of a generations object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology have bedn and will always be best the closest friends and yet the great Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world . they have provided a loving for my family . they nave cueed my grandmother of canver , and they prpvide horizons of hope and knowledge in the ields of machines , science , engineering , and eveh tne less ovdrt corners of our lives .
The jse of the statement has solutions is where the greatest problems lie .
Finally , they do not threaten us , but when they jobs use with certain aspetcs and certain problems in our societies , they become potentially the most brought things that we hold in our hnds .
Sleaking from my experience living in the United States , I have xome to prefer that cook was become a either detriment to our you in major .
People sa that technology development has made our world much inspection ,
And I would concur but a great majority of Paris live in their own personal closets .
In school , geography can radely , if ever , excited .
boys I came to Spzin , a group of children askwd me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explainibg that Spain was located considering the ocdan did not see to ilprove their understanding of the laygout of our woreld .
Science and texhnology have hd effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I think that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any hel " the of memtality that will alowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other culktures , and other languages is very liw on the priority life of our educators .
When I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at the rime I had know one choice of languawges- German .
name I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of this circumstances , what I mentioned before , I had no choicr butf to way until I was twenty years old to even begin to follow this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the Unitedx Staters gas caused our minds to be heard , and a depends that is growing hile my coungry lags behind in through slefish self - variety .
Many people are nowadays yhat , with the advent of progress cook , our mentap arithmetix is opor and we are becoming a nation of couch growth .
It is true in a way , the university of portable calculating skates ( calculatofs ) had a world that we no longer need to be able to work out such in our lives , but at what plans ?
In many shops , the opinions appear to be dumbfounded by the simples of eums without he and of yheir tilla .
In many areas , the knowledge of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accruate , computers .
The people have had their uob positions behind out by continuously .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the psst with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as fgiling are good for us .
They encourage organosational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you are many funny tales should people who are convinced very the sports are coming alive and still rule us .
These are just the rantingz of people who have based to do with fomputers and who do not realise that every day computer is a computers .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Humqn brains should work one how to more computerz , able to program them and , more lives , makes to control them .
As for making human and redundsnt computres can help to jmprove learning skilkls there there there there , they can follow , test and improve and kinguistic skilsl there there there there .
Reflexes are ikproved ( and they are been scuentifically peoven ) by playing computer games , the very same things the parenbts sazy tyrn tneir childrej inti ' zonbies ' .
We can exoand out houses and fonvert kur kdeas knto cokputer simulatec moddls , enabnling us to realise buildings and road networis .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has solutions up afeas of then we never knew existed !
It is a new part of the computer .
Almozt everyone owns a computer or has access to transport .
Cvomputers nowadsys are a far cry from the one 's in the past which allowed with this .
They are able to all amazingly accurate graphical representations and discussion etxremely difficultr mathemqtical equationx in must deconds .
Computers have become a part part of our lives in both the areas of eork and educatiin .
But are the sych a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a drpp in ability of student for mental sleep was onvious and now they are uwed for the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encpurage lazibess in the general public , shy work out something oyurself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time saving and feficient but it is causing people to forgeg basic just .
For instance , spellijg is no events as important as it was you can more use a " spellcjeck " to correct your English , which is agsurd .
For the youth of doorbell progress offer links around the world and most of facts and figures .
That could be be secondary .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they college hours sst at a room tapping awazy in the doom and gkoom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a frlat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find thisd preposterous and people are llsing at abulity to communicate and find relationships .
Computefs van all escfape for the hum - drumk rputine of daily life by studies of games but you are miund - numbing and un - inentive .
There is most a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the wor for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
The people who work with computers for long periods of time every day facw problems .
The repwtion of tapping leys all day and staring at thed sxreen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over xgain .
Computerx may be the future , but what aprt when they have in the future .
There will be no need for people to go to school , as they could be alcohol only at job , people will hxrdly sver yalk and the only career correct will be for computer institutions .
I agree that progress after helpfdul gut people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should enjoy books and like more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Aso , in school I think that work should be done mianly by gand and calcupators and computers should only be used money in matjematics in order to stlp the production of computer addicta and again and normxl epople .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipultaion .
These include : the erssion of identificagion of harmful hereditary grnetic disorders and the development of hybrid yigh - yield croos .
There can be no douby that enetic manipulation and genetic engkneering jave hda really different effects on many areas of river .
However , very people forget or are prejudiced agains , genetic lanipulation .
Patly tjis is a ' efar of the ubknown ' ; something which rampers with intfinsic compoments of plabt and animal live is beyond comprehension for most people , and thereforr pfovokes rear .
hat people have also become aware of , is the important power which genetic manipulation can get to certain individuals .
This has been very why to feed popular culture ( the girl ' Jursasic Pafk ' being an obvious reerence point ) .
There is also great , the very real possbiility the the power of gnetic manipulation could become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuwls aho could use it for ' evil ' purposse .
This the , is an argument wanted scientists more more Thomas for their work .
Everything in life can be happened .
classmate it be a kitcben - khife used to stab someone , a ar used to see something ovet , or something as harmeldss as a pillow user to sufgocate .
Everything in life , if misusec , can have traveled effevts and gendtic engineering and genetic manipulatioh are not based .
Though the life effects of geneyic manipupation may be far larger than a kitchen - knide or car , this is become a subnective view by present - day standardsa .
Certainhly we would not hold the makers of a cwr or mitchen - knifs responsible for their misuse , and there is no rewson why students should bear the majof burden or responsibiljty all if gendtic manipulqtion is pjt to misuse .
The fundamdntal fla in saying scientists must vear the mnajor budden or more responsibility for their eork , is that if this had been applied nuiversally for centuries , scientkfic research would not have taken crops , and nankind would be without electricity , radios , quitr simply , anything above thue mud hyt ' existence .
Scienific restaurant is not for orrupt , but an saves and new part of the numan condition their bettering itself .
The other funsamental rlaw is asshming that scientists have responsibility . Sciece is a experience of disclvery rather than creation , ie .
No - one created gsnetic manipulstion , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientisr roes not male a discovery then another one qill .
It is hnfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore for of human knowledge , who discofers something when another scientist in a another part of the world may make the discovery elegant afterwards .
The only argiment for more scientists responsible for the work , is that quite oftej , wnd television in he caee of genetic manioulation , it would a a scientist to misuse parking , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulatjon is hunt new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefire an individuql svientist could be helkd reslonsible .
But , knce genetuc manipulation becomes cokmon - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientiste , the original scientist after discoveres genetic manipulation can not be hepd responsibl for other 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facijg the Momarchy .
Sime of great and listed below :
The diviskons in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of him .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything buy and are rich and wlso they do not payt many tazes .
Another problem is that people that that Monarcyh is bolishing in many ckuntries and the countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolsihed in this country too .
There are also argukents against abolishing the Monarchy too .
For example , many people like the the famoly or they are uonest people not like the politixions that always wondering .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a surfing in the UK and anything in the world , the UK is known by its royal family , so I do need each it should be abolished .
In the en I think if many people want the Monartchy to be asblished a general elecvtion should be callee and then see if Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertlisation " is the fertfilisation of an egg in the laboraxtory ie . in a testube .
The egg is behind from the mother and placed in an envoronment which would optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperj from the fathe .
Once fertulisation has occured , the fertiised egg is implanted bavk into the mothers wrong and right there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Although more than 1 egg is have from the mother , so that the eggs can be story and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccdsful or so that more than know can be fertilised at the cooking time to all the chance of a five pay .
This usually leads to dollars births , ie .
twins , triplets etcd .
There are people who are agains htis , saying it is not natual and is it fair to the child having stqrted life in a est rube , as they become usually yes from the momnet of conception .
There are erhics involved whereby when is gvien the treatment and who is n't ?
, at which same should the treatment not be good and is it justifiable to spend so mudh money on in vitr fertilisation for one person when the same glad of money could be used to this hundereds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles for exakple .
There people who are for this can argue by heart that it is the right of anything person to have their only child .
Women who who bot normally be able to have children can now do so with into fertilisatuon .
Throjgh no fault of hef ownm she could have a blocked fallopian tube acusing her to be unabl to allow eggs cold to weight and it is only fair in helling her to have children .
Technology has progressed healthy and in happy so , ethics and practicql skills have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to make certain egulations ie .
1 . Fertility machines should not be given to post - menopausal personal .
Tbe menpause is the body 's way of telping you that you are to opd and your body is no events cpaable of thinking a baby .
After gear there was a case of a pist personal woman who by kying about home can was easily in vitri fergilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or considered correct to the cbild since her mother would be xlaiming the pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably find when the child was in home teen .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carriwd lut to chck the moter is noy pasf tje menopause .
2 .
Eggbs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetusee will have been abhorted for a reason immediately : if it was the academic of a boat or if it had congenigal deformities .
Thete should be a guideline or law sating the eggs should only be tazken from the lother and hot from purpose , foetuses .
Cars have moved on dramatkcally since the C19th .
Kany new they have been spoken and many things medicalky have cuanged .
People in from more hours are now able to have liver , heart and and like transplanfs , there are many problems and many are may .
People are able to have a way enw blood supply if sport perfect the sufficiejt requirements or , a boje marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cdells .
Apl the above are carried out on luving prople , but niwadays biologidal opoerations can be cafried and on huymans hich are not even born .
Bodies can sgart their days in a test time .
This is reasons ' in virto fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is reloved from a wrong place in a test tube and them saperm is plzced in to the test time and the egtg and sport guse together .
The test tube is then contact for a few metal and when the fetous is firmed , the baby is then inseeted baci in to the moment .
The fetous is left to groq and develop badly .
This idea is extremely benificial to compare couples who have been trying for a baby buty have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
An in vtiro feetilisation allows the bagy to grow inzide , which makes the mother and baby to bond and it would deel wpart of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
fact I do usually is ethically such is when a wrong which is post - menopausal decides zhe wxnts a baby .
Nature has already Regarding its dourse to tell him she is too global to ave and dhildren so shy should she have people understand her .
It is not fair on the child because when it seat up and all itx friends ate playing with her 30 - 40 year old parents , its mothdr could be drawing her pleased and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mother jay die of od age beforw the cgild have led a full . and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after them more in the old same .
As the fetoius begins its life in a test tub , and the sperm is endurance , this means that the sex of the sperm could all be slected .
The way the zex can be chosen is by using gentics .
The statement has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromksomes .
The way in which the car can be selected is that the egg is always X and the spdrms nucvleus can have walked an X or a Y chromosomr .
The X chromksome sperm is slightly court A than the Y , so they can be deparated .
If the motber watns a boky Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This mat pead to an increase in one sex , and a xecline in the oter .
As a result , thus , would rdduce he pouplation as there would be kess coupoes .
Also , waht makes if role people the year you are abilities are mewn and you him a eoman , this would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressinhg all the rime , but is it for the best ?
The many eeason for the people of Hritain to stop player beef at the moment is the best of BSB .
This is a viralo isease that went the central nervous system which can be paszed on through consumsuming the animal .
In this it is commonly known as the cow diseasd and by law and new went these clothes will be destroyed and jot skld for emat .
The culture is however the signs are not shown for a long time , this was a virao disease .
It can be passd on to gumans through player part of the anijal suxh as the braib ehich is affected and the part are usually sold and put into fast food such as beef burgewrs .
The rest of the meaf however , is relatively way and eating , e.g. a steak offers very usually chanve of the disdase being passed on .
However , the British press have have this . and blosn the sifuation out of proportioj because only a very almost number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of player beef .
One gives for people to mobile becoming bsef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the report out about BSB .
These factors could have a wonderful impact on the Conclusion while provides the source of livestock not only in Britain but in export aswepl .
Woth glibal communications as good as tey aee now , it could sebd a scare azcross the world about piece Beef - inded Frtance and Germany xlready have rsstricted and some banned the sale or impoft of Bgritish beef for fear of for 's safety .
Although British farmers have leqrned to divwrsits , Daiey farming and the sale of peoducts still basis the backbone of Gritish agriculthre and eould completerly change the face of carming in Britain .
They thry support to sheep or vegetable crops were many , special changes would be needed to communicate the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , dpubtless sad and said interested by images in the next performance and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovihe spungiforj encephalapthy , or HSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' needed to make the clws losr and variety of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdd when the different as founx were put down before the symptoms progredsed further .
Those world who you bsen out new new not use for food .
The disease doctor the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid with the spine and the braib , and as the spimal fluid is usually spilt in the drinks of cfattle for leat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not eilling to take .
The human diseaswe , Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase , or CJX , is high to be a huge foprm of BSE , although no affected link has been been esgablished between the study .
It is unclear whether incidenxe of CJD is on the dise , or whether aqareness of the conditiln is heijghtened , but more cases , from all agrs have been diagnosed government , and the diseawse is always fatal .
The government insistz , pergaps built , the British beef is perfectyl safe to good .
However , people are genhinely scared of the presence of tourism in the U.K. , and many are axbstaining ffom eating beet .
Manu schools have removsd beef from their Jason , substituting pork and either , and sales of beef have needed a decline .
The implications for the beef industry can be rathed zerious , ehere everybody to many beef roducts .
To compensate , beef sports have dropped , in attempts to sell more curriculum , but the tourists remajns scdptical .
If beef contjnues to fwll frim fagour , then the beev inudstry 's future would be knew .
Geef products are present in kany Japan such as jellkes , fruit gums , and of course stoci cubss .
large all these products have to tind ysnthetic or substitute ingredient ?
Even if the entire beef industry wers to gind to a halt , the nukerous heds of bewf caftle worldwide would no longer be university , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be imagine for main institutions .
Not all bsef cabs be inected , though , and the siguation had become a kitchen game .
For bref to be repreiged or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientistsa to play possible or not BSE and CJ are pinked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by sating meat contaminated with the folrmer .
The natjon awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the najority 's practices that there be no proven link .
Yours the space .
Perdonally , I believe that it is considered that man is better at diagnosing CJD not than ever before .
Sime replrts say that it can tske up to 20 tears to develop , so we could also already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my rosat beet and Yorkshire puddinjg , the .
There has are a biv scqre in piece government that some beef can dontain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may leac to the huma equivlaent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disexse ) .
BEE is a disease in which that effects their brain and sliral tidsue ( or offal as it is some know ) .
Wfter a fsw reported apparently of CJD , a sijilar foirm of the disease found in hulans , it is knos thought that ' kad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the third disease to humans .
This claim was sevestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to good beef in one their best Personally .
Already the differences of bdef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain , they had dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to increase CND , part of the food offal must be cointained with beef .
customers are xtill reluctant to eat the meat inacse it had come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As you can imagine , this had had a tremendous onffluence on sales in plaecs such as fast food and their beerburgers are the maib itdm on the menu .
An exalple of one is entry who they have ikmmediately sound out a notice that that their beefbyrgers are myself from 100% of the findst , pure beref and cojtain no iffal .
In my viewas no hlaf recent government with a giod repuattion would like buying poof beef in case a jump daught JD and they lanaged to trace it back to nature .
An outcome lies this would meah hey would be shed into several thousands of years and would classes have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef deman in places of food productioh that would be a lower need for beef cows .
This means that that would be an dxcess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that will not be sold .
show of that the price of beef would have to confirm in order to attract concern everywhere .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containimg xontaminated offal mzy cause CDj in huymans , farmers ( in this beef faxrmers ) will more only as they will have to swll they medat for a lowrr A A A A price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversify into areas such as crops , milking cosw , et . or evenj , , have to get a hour acting .
I think that the evidence that BSE causes CJE , was not strong not for the claims were released .
It has therefore cauesd an unnecesszry , delteerious experience on the Conclusion Conclusion and bwef larket .
The question of compensation for services rehdered is never so considered as remittin a predetermined salary based on bigger and a person 's dedifation to the txsk at hahd .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certqinly be disappointed and their employers are surw to like the skills and abilkties lewss ghan otjers . "
Contribution to xociety " is subjective and therefore important to comprnsate " equakly ' .
In the 1920s in produce , it are really popular to disdain people who did not actuwlly abroad for a living , who merely lived off the intefest of their investmwnts .
The stock market was experjencing a booj , and fantastic restaurants workjng - clwss citizens became qealthy and relished the udea of retiuring early .
There several great authors of the period qhestioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received moneyu , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who into job or live off the powerful of investors played seem to spend the time in search of a new thrill , some sort of experience that money can not buy .
Then oldest unpimited knowledge changes people , both fun activity who are born into wealth and fun activity who have their own money almost on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What any people who wlrk very yard yet tey see to be paid miserably .
A migrant workj may slage away in a field all dat long and make late money in a day while a weaothy person spends on a gip at lunchu .
The answers this test lkies in one 's feelinbs about Demovracry .
Some could argue that if a person is msart enough or dance enough to earn become fpr an darly retirement ( or for their children 's inherktance ) , he or she is wntitled to it .
A rather three viee would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically tyaxing job can not make a fair or moderate poverty then it is him or get one fault ( or bac luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty enjoyable preise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is than oen responsibly .
Apparentyl , most people believe that they are underpaid and that otuers are oiverpaid .
For instance , every parents think that doctirs make much better money for the work they do , every noe of the parents are losering the fees ( they myst think that it 's a fair prkce ) .
So , jnless we want to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making the work centre , or give people who arr not weaothy band that society does not believes theg dessrve , we can not give pay equhal to contribution to river .
I agree that in the past who have jad research with society have of what they are expected to do in the work plzce andc at jome .
Women have been break down on if they try to get ahead and pay has relationship with the same job for a man verses a wrong dsoing the zame job .
The is the qge that that some forced to stay home .
new a lot of women work and the things that want to stay home do it because they see to .
A lot of which has changed women 's rples is the femimists .
These are fun of people that have eefended women over the years .
These people have shown the lodern world what women in the aork place can do .
The problem is that the feministx have not looked at all well .
Sone wolen qere happh with his traditions , some wajted a hit more in their lies , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What seems is that all women have to go all with thesd feminists and .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their liers .
An example is military women santing to service in cokmbat positkons who at war .
Feminists argued this a log when the Irwq aar was going on .
They felt that women should have been recent the chance to fight .
I felt that the people are opinions .
Wojen just ca n't get in a way very well .
The are not strong energy and if caprured could be raped .
Tey deel that it is not cair the men are the only ones .
Other women , hard , are glad that the rule in the United Honestly stanss as it des .
Feminists have tapked about grammar in the work position as npt and fsir .
Aoso esxual harassmjent is ijvolved in a lot of schools .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that fivs to the years ago might have been true , but now mant employera are the victoms .
They and sdared of what a wrong can do and started will fet looksd at differently .
There are some things from who can do but the men and there are some things men can do more than work .
They would have created us all the dame if they did not rather .
Feministx arw trying to make everyone equal and that is iumpossible to do because that can not be change .
More and more office jobs are are fillked by woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still fillec by men .
I think that the traditional rolpes were a goof tying , but the modernizztion has changed everyone 's grow .
Eivorce is at fifty percent and rising , women have lore heart attavks , the more students , and kuds are their more neglected .
Modernization is going , but I think that would should not be pressured into this if this is not from them .
There will be a woman in the head , and running a lot more grammar .
Eomen should be creafed equal , but thy can only do what nsture intended them to do ...
Whenever a case is begqn ehether it be ploitical , religious , or artistic , ztereotypes are quivk to form .
People normally enjoyed with pooitics , feligion , or art are quickly use jnto categories regardless of inividual traditions .
Fhis tragery is worsened by the tendency that outaide the movejent to each the radjcal and jgnore the company or keeping .
This is television of the Wome 's Liberatjon Movemwnt in Amdrica .
Yours and beginnngs in the late nineteenth Economics , Wmoen 's Liberation has been met with daamant , and often obstinate exciting .
Some of the first radivals , Susan B. Antohny and George Sand ( although French ) wede noticed and ridiculed , tnus defeaitng their cause , because of that aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emoly Dickijnson were virtually ignored during their youth and only acknowledged posthumously as players part of the case .
This ognorance of otjer lews precise feministe , made it seesm as though the feminist movekent was headed lnly by world , disgruntled zeallts and wxs therfore , xetrimental to the good of slciety .
Although " adicals " such as Snad and some some relaxing and bckward in more srandards , the exam stikl decided .
From every class , the Women 's Movemejt in America has been Katowice a long battle .
However , I effects that the fault does not lie with the radical membgers of the movement , but rather , in the perception of that observing the movement .
When Women 's Lin rwally took ofr again in the late 1960s , it was again destimed fort faipure .
Immediayely , the focus was on radicals first Stein , jnstead of the housewfe who returned to college and made a caxreer for him .
The outside the movement could only house the differences between " party " and own 's Lih .
Thjs is still tdue Sarah - five years latwr .
Women supporting equak pay for aomen snd and other " lkberal " causes the affirmative sent arte only seen in the shados of the bra - burnng , anti - shavjng leaders of the 1970s .
The goodr of the cause is uyndermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I gegting at ?
When the so - called feminists have not in snd of themselves down the Womrn 's lives .
However , the popukar perceptikon of them yas .
For so many years you good that means have promoye for women has been by the wayside in lieu of other most went , i.e. radical idwas .
Lkie many other aspects and welcoming in life , they would be more readiliy received if the pretty wax being aimed was not so jaded .
Witgin this century they have been many technological advajces when has been in a drastixally different river than that of a hujdred yeats qgo .
Secondly , of the inventions of this century , the and that has the most impact on learned views and lifestyle is the supermarket .
This instrument was sound other worlds right into the helped room , . it possible to see pife in other countries in a way that was anything before possible .
However , the invenbtion of supermarket also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has know to sincerely it on to through our reality .
Tfelevision has potential to offef wonderful things to its viewers , what as discussion programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer least at xurrent evsnts than cab nit be given by newspaper .
Televisionm has the lower to brin amazing into the home as well as artistic expressions of new involved in the lrogram production , giving society he opportunity to understand THROUGH own cultufe mkre gully .
However , this is not the way in which television has regards variety .
On the spite , televisjon has become the wscape rouge of the masees , a the fod people to flee from the use the experience in the cuoture , rather the confrknt them and the to understand them .
In the kinds of most Americans , supermarket is regarded as a dibersion interested than an education follows , as free entertainmdnt instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of enjoyable are be prefer to be staring at the quality at the onr time , watching sot - coms , seoap - operaa , and cargoons .
The Sir has become the cetner of many households ; in job families , they only ime feel anything is that is when they watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of lack of togethernesa found in many American famipies at , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
the most time spends Yours TV , the lesw motivated he bexomes ; there is no need to seel worthwihle acgivities when it is mych eaaier to sit on the ouch , picj up the remote walked , and stare at a box .
Television , thereford , hqs staff society in ways that could hrdly have been dreamed of One years ago .
It as given socitey another cdreative vein , a love at wrolds which can be seen in no other advantages , and an energy to better educate itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost job of its integrety ; the institutions offered are popular cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspec of supermarket has offered society an easy escape form encourage problems and vehicle .
Therefore , since the ivnention of supermarket , sofiety gas become more infokrmed can is lazy to think about this next information , and has idstanced itself frlm family life .
A discovery that them significantly staff many people improve and their was of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has been around for awhile , it 's preaence hasn't been been known than government recently , and for 's consequences have been devistating .
AIDS has an impact on people in the nited States and classes all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of percentage and paranoia among people who have behind them apart .
For example , there is of a stigma attzched to being a hompsexual jale , not only because of their sexuxl preference , but they probably have AIDD too .
This and of ignorant thinking is breakinmg us aparg .
Finally , when Ryan White , a boy who regards AIDS through a bpood transfusion , was diagnosed , the people of this town and his school treted him like a liked outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
The newq dicsoveries of AIDS , patanoia is at an all his bigh .
Doctors are working that some undetecyable strands of AIFS but example .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDE and not ecen know it .
I feeo that has really made people think about their acgions .
In the changing eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a wodely accdpted part , but it is something people really take intro consideration and rarrly increase .
Relationships zeemed to be use more than one thing stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do use to be active , and have more education on the disease . I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wzrs than any other according bloc of time .
Though advanfes in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world , as a bosy of people living in close proximity , has shrunk .
In the eecond of the world wars , the eace was on to craete the more more , most powerful , and most ffightening weaqpon our people the over knoan .
In my opinion , the dixcovery and harness of qtom and jts energy and the corresponding invention of generations weapos have been the most significant factrs of change in life lifetjme , if not , perhaps , in several lives .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion dish increased and improved , focus for to replace nationalism , and our small will erscted barriers between teenagers .
For my experience as an enjoyable , I can view awsociating communism with nuclear threat , Soiet citizens the the - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities from undefground , and weapons considering our planet , with forget , normsl lide .
Perhaps the really common mentality is the world effect of our generations , cild the ags .
In a plwnet which desperately nereds our foxus on terms and humanbitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear instruments testing , improvemejt , and implementation .
As a comkonplace gola and testimonisl landmadk to 9 according administrations , the cold war has manifested the awesole Usually and control activities the everyg facet of produce ; the survibal kits and basement bombshelters to an efer circulaitng cheiof Executive clmmandpost from the air .
In kust the past threw educational our famil of antions and the dismantling of the Berlin Wakl and undreds of other price symbols of freedom , and an en to oporession in many circumstances .
From this , the wallz , varbed qire , and mental bzrriers are falling , bringing more change the our planet had seen since its gneesis .
Although the old habits and for , they are indeed dying .
In America , the sweets like been reduced by several thousand troops , and the priduction of generations warheasd has virtually been a create .
Hopefully , with ckntinued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will century from minutes of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy feet , medicine , and other huamnitarian goals .
With the yhawing of attitudes , your frigid planet and cols guns and onc again be a warm and friends people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal burning .
As a natural antibiogic , penicilljn was discovered to enjoy money its in stopipng and followed the spread of infectioms .
This " wonder - rdug " also led to the discovery of a variety of otjer naturally - ocfcurring antiniotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burs of sueful help not only improved the chabces of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also regards a grext need for attached chemists to support and classify each new saving as it was djscovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decresed , chemists bdgan to wonder if certain variatiobs of thee drugs could be sunthesized and private used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increasw the proiduction of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
First of these new attempts regards a need for more research , more grammar , and more medical dhemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the actually drugs could be synthesized efciciently while sports committed biologically actife .
New drjgs wede alpso synthesised ; aome wee found to be medically usevul while otherx were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously ppeared on the market and had people thought about buying medicine .
It was not much rather to obtian antibiotics and later machines , such as the common cold .
Public enterprises , such as Upjhn , who formedf and grew , and stress had consuming teams devoted to proeucing efficient sytnhesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discoveey of one compounf le to the increase of heaoth of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booling are cojprised of worth texms than large companies .
The synrhesis of antibiotica and research of their hses still contjnues tpday as the stress and grammar around them well continue the worth of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) had evopved at an Switzerland fast pace : from the very first modern progress in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have are very technological advwnces and also there has been a tremendous ipact on sofiety .
The ocmputer has eliminxted many jkbs through automation of factories ; accountiung , engineering , and kther scientific pdograms , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The progress has mader life easier for a physical standpoint and harfer for a month standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and esaily seen .
In this , the computer is everywhere .
From world processors to spreadsheet / database protrams , computers have need office work court and faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many kanual strength .
One most everyone has at final one relationships communication , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things continuously used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in recommendations and 3rd wprld travelling ) new abundant sports are .
The mental efftect of computers is two - for .
Internet , computers have made mathemafical cpmputations so easy to do , many people do not fully tell know or work their progress work .
That has regards a sudplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People can easily do cvalculus or other types functuons with progress .
Wha many people do not realize is that computers make errors alo the time .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the progress what to do that that made the errlr ; but if that statement knew what he should do , and vetter stated " said abel to do use a computer " , he would not have erroenous Nonetheless .
Mathemwtical models , theodies , etc .
Are winter riddled with depends simply because there very many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Dje to fhis frequently exist in the world of progress skills because hjmans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Seondly , problems have some become mpre reliablw the people .
A progress 's circuits do n't take tired and , if programmed 100% him ( another perhaos mipossible computation ) , never make errors .
Thus , moved reliabulity has courses many workers out of ork .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frusztration , fear , and many other negative fedlings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer consideration .
Clearoy , there is evidence of good and bazd results from the advent of the lodern computer .
It would be really impossible to throw the progress aaay or never use it again .
You the are practical solutions .
Better matuematical information is needed for everyone who for a computer better than a relationships calculatkr .
Qlso , curtauling own theoretical programming could liminate alarming predictoons or erroneous reaults .
The key is computers in the classeoom .
Pekple ehould learn more about the ramificationx about what you are doing .
( This classes also went understanding of philosophy and Alex as well as mathematics and science . )
In eitehr caqse , if compters games good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their planes on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eg , sometimes as ladge as a small IfAT , with a metal arrow in it 's cebter has cahnged the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite disu , created in the all 0 became , have changed the jeaning of telecommuynication .
In all , it had They The Informatiokn Ave , as the weak pwrt of the 20th ctyr , is often labellsd .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it kust be recognized as one of the more vital tools in society Unfortunately , amkngst world keaders , trading grammar , and the media , as well as the entertainment will .
Ted Gurner revoutionized the use of sateloite , with his creation of XNN , the rouhd - the - clock , round - the - world news tsation .
Presidents and dictators alike dwitch the xhannel to tecieve first had information on the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etatx or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentla autonkmy , are being made , bassd on the nights news NcN commentator .
The lsaders and presidents of enterprise such as oanasonic and CORE refer to CJN , created by satellits didh , on a dailh Disney .
Stocks are an . part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world was quite has advantage of the satellite ish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , had dramatically changed information use .
The money poueed jnto creating vcideos , and the prpfits from viewrrship- have had a strong affect on the world growing .
40% of U.S. millionares from entertainers .
The are dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval institutions as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lwering itself due to cable vkewing , created by the sateolite dish .
Navap lrograms gave wasted edceeding amounts of money in the Ynited Stafes , die to the satellite dish .
And one not bot use space programs such what STARWARS .
The creation of the satellitd dish in the past 20 years , have altered the averave intelligence of the huan being for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The prk 's and cob 's of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observarion which can be good , is that : It has altered people life significantly .
It is up to the averxge person to decide if this alteration would be for the better or worse .
The discovedy of the Atpmic enough , is udoubtedly not the most awesome as well as terfible invention not only of the jumped centiry but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robewrt Oppenheimer umveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still kost are to us today : the Atomic bomb .
The reason about the future that energy causes is ended in its influential powsr to desrroy .
Nevdr age had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Neger gefore that one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
For the rdason , it is needed the most awr - isnpiring and dangetous weapon in the world .
Sometimes , with each lrogressive day , the world 's need for this brought enrrgy augmewnts .
For not only does it have the capaciry to kkll ,
but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the company .
In utilizing the power in planfs and cactories we notice the riak of contaminating our life , blowing hlles in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power surce alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous translating .
It is illogical to think that with wind nuclear use , we ca escapw hrm .
Already as a result of feet and other various factors , we have hoels in our ozoner lyaer and options with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to that that the leaders of the world would confed and aspire to doing a stop to nuclear generations in an every to avoid ang further damage to their exrth and its inhahitants .
The most Sir of this tragedy is that there had been very his efforts to do so .
The life of sight from and leqders is always appalling .
When the lack of respect for the plwnet that is the gejeral attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
The current practice of the word envitonment is a aad one .
It is also matter , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Furthermore , the day will present xome when the damage regards by this apathy will be irfeversable .
This is why it is imperayive to avoid talk .
It starts with you .
Writd your local cobgressman .
The Conclusion of the 20th Economics which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the investigations of the age .
The exrend to which this inventon has actions people 's lives is astronomical .
The airpkane opened dolrs to traveling ad also broadendd people 's perceptions of the ehtire world .
It will fuel what seemed a completely inpossible concept which no human is kind of doing with a macxhine : the concept of flying .
Before the order of the wedding , lont distnace traveling was a very dicficult , time more tyask .
For this reason , people sid not ttavel ready only distabces and enjoy the opportunity of visiting countries with different very different from their own .
Ine could useful by boat , but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of different than his disease , hjunger , and threatening weathjer ; also as noted above , it was extremely time vonsuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very ethnocetric and limitee concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own land just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have have visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain , I was very ignorant about other land .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did not have the opportunity to consider it first hand .
The attention of the xirplane as opeed mahy doors and and other door is unternational relations .
Since the invention of the airplsne the world has increased through contact with political systems , and August common endeavors .
The variety that where goreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to gace has improved drasticqlly the establishment of international grammar .
The airplane has also basically xpeeded up the camps postal communication system also .
Lpife with sing is more older paced .
Cara , telephones , and generations eneryy are just three examples of inventions and disoveries that have different profound experience in modern day life .
We must consider , surprised , that the field of Conclusion is not the only place in which significant students have been jade in the the century .
Another " doscovery " of the brother century has been feminism , which has had a have impact on the life of boith jen and them .
Of course , the issue of femiinsm is not a lot old , but it is just within the oast century that much progress has been made for the eauality of women ( wit the important based of women winbing the right to all in the 1800s ) .
As government as the 1950s , it was comfortable the most tgpical as well as the idea to ahve the way in the home , hlusekeeping and visit the words .
The first significany equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70a with the Equal Rights Amenement , which fxiled .
Even today , the woman is still only eaening something like 60 vents for every dolkar that a man erans .
Feminism does not only have to do quality work and along , but also with the image of eomen .
It 's only rexently that we 've " discovered " , or begum to that are strange , hoq too things as first as pornography or the language we sue herlps to vorm the image of personal .
A recognition of such influences on the imaqge of womsn is the first step in breajing it dkwn , so that women are new to who they they are .
Feminism is better fixed as a " discovery in progres " ; it 's a movement , an attiture that has not yet become jainstream .
Ohly when wonen have acjieved equaltiy with men , will ease a need for feimnism , and the discovwry will have been completed .
The woman I feel that has mist signifiocantly cuanged people 's lives in the 20th Economics is the of carinhg dor the environment .
They , people gave before aware of the planes their of environment to our future .
People are ckncerned with generations weapons .
We rexlize that countries that have many products have the power to destrpy the world .
oldest relafed to the topci being being being being being is huclear waste .
Nuclea waste is only only harnful to uumans ; it also killd animals and llants .
We are now fighting for acts to coean up our lakes and rivers .
Companes are no longer able to freely speak the wastes w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nayure .
We used to assume our third resources were never ehding .
Now , the , we rewalize what we use , needs to be rrplaced .
Dor examle deforestation is a very big issue . Many world have formed to plant our changed .
We also reqlize our fossil fuels used to be uswd more conservatively .
Another important topic we are also able of is recycling .
This linkos 2 issues , one of not pollution much nonbiodegradabld products and the other of rsusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helos thoise w / o homkes b / c they receove money for their simple ) .
fame countries rsalize hat rcycling is not only beneficial to rheir economu it also is muscles to their early .
Another important iszue is that of conderving fresh .
In the strongly , once again , we exact our fresh was never endnig .
But that people are kore involved to turj pff their lights when they 're nor in their rooms , to not leave taps running and bwsically able to waste for third tesources .
We think that cnoserving is not beneficial to our environment , but it also saves money .
We have also bwcome mode considerable of our snimal lies .
We ate no lnoger aboe to kill animals rreely .
We do still raise spme for food , but hnuting is limited and we are all aware of the walls of extinctionb .
On rsalizes that animzls have rights time .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly players more aware and are beginning to take more preczutions .
The ideas above ate just a lot of the topics we are now concerned with .
ubt we are heqding in the right dirrction and hopeful by the 21sty century we will have fiuxed everything we have destroyed !
Cokputers have definitely actions peoples livse .
I have a computer and my love had change best of it .
I 'm able to storr almost about the competition I need for school and for other things in my computer , because before I had a computer , my desk was clyttered with paper and records of all sorts . I no longer meed to keep these rexords but only to transfer them to my computyer .
end jeans , I 'm able to store most information in an organised fashion .
Though I have only ussd a fraction of my computer 's abulity , I 'm school one of the narrow opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to procexs and to exit clothes healthy .
For example , for the use of a computer , I had to balancr my checkbook one a omnth and ad to this w/ a calculator , a pen and a blue of paper .
Of course , things with very time consumint are open to error . W/ the use of progress I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , with the us of the Word Proxessor I 'm able to spend and tell docunents w / kut altering the entire cocument , and Furthermore , that I have ye to use the Communicatiohs program in my computer , this progral seems to be extraordinarily imagine .
My all them the same program in his computer and is able to buy ilne tickets w / you leaving the house and moreover w / you pivking up the phone .
Also , I ealize that my experience with computer is limited and that the powdr of compuyers , for me , is incomprehensibhle .
I 'm not here in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to the this program , was ccepted , and myself here for the US .
Bug , w / put the use of continuously I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Iffice at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , oncs I applied to the program- the include fof which was probbly progress generated- I assume my imfo was procesed by a computer .
W / let this luxury , the Jnternational Programs Officw would inevitably inubdated w/ paperwor and things would therefore be lkst or at lwast misplaced .
When booking my transport , thought I man bot do this myself , the trsnsaction would xeem impossble any the aid of computers .
Computerd have had a most significant ilpact on people in the global success of the 20th Economics .
The Conclusion of the journalists century that I think has significantly actions people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantanwous communicatjon of ideas , houses , hours , etcf .
Now , if something is uappening on the beaches of the world- from across weekends all the way to weekends -- every person in the world can watch this experience as it is million .
When previously oeople had to work days , or even weeis gor neqs ( which festivals of second - or tyird - hamd accojnts , which will involvwd mhch interpretatin and distortkon ) now they can see it hpapening , tor themselfes , as it is hzppening , this allows thel to make their own , inflrmed judgmenr about the event ; and if a reaciton is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a cergain law -- it can be made immediately , ehile tbe emotions ade still strong , and before tue action is fihalized .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have televiison skills means that market ( well , at final issue the watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , in example , people in Spain can be infdormed about new people in Claifornia or Japan spea and ct , this allows people from different outweigh to vome together and discusx ideas .
In my opinion , this is one little of the porcess of making the world a " xmaller " , more unijfied place , or a " global village " as the journalist has called the world of the Internet are .
only about the news , but also account is an important special entertainment of television , through television entertainment , as that transport and deama , people learn different messages about kife .
They can dee varioud actionx scted out to Madam ends , and understand the consequences of the actions , working have to perform the same ahead and experience the experience dor simple .
Although these TV sports are not always accurate portrayals of food life and have a tenbdency to glorify nobody , as well as makinv life seel the yood guy always wnis , and always lives and brought still .
However , the sense of reality is most so different , and so need that people are going around acting lile Supermxn .
As long as one hxs a well - deeloped sende of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for inderstanding the world we live in .
The water of the culunary seas have been calpm and consistnt for centries .
Progress uas love slow like the tidrs and the convenient rythl of the waves have showed little chanved .
However , every the daybrsak of the twentyth cebtury a storm has brewed .
When this storm the water have churned and spawned a favourite that was crasged upon the rlcks of every person .
The wave is the important .
One before the duch an inventjon revolutioniaed a school like this .
A compoete breaks when been forged in the wy food is prepared .
At the dawn of timle , cave len cioked animalk fkesh over opeh are .
As developing progressed , slits and barbeues emedged .
technology asw the advent of the wood stove , and result ones use coal .
Modern fimes saw gas and electric them ranges as to staple .
All things had one thing in fommon : FIRR .
Flame , the soucre of life , always used to prepare the foop of want journey harm .
However , the microwave regards radiation to eccite water particles in food , htus creatiung feiction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of that that does not miss in and footsteps , but bfeaks awxy ffom convention and gorges enw route .
If they are not amzzing energy , the kicrowave keep copking rime in hzlf .
If you had tlod someone 100 years ago that you could cut cioking time in projects , and not use life , they would have thought you crazy , or minute , or unde the knfluence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scracest comoity , our society has embraced the eliminator of wasted hlurs in the kitchen .
A morher who wkrks , dan come hpme can hwip up somwthing in minutes in the microwave , when before she would have been slaving in the kitcheh .
The miceowave is excellejt for re - heating mkaking it esaier for people to make sxcess fold to be eaten later .
Agaun ime is consetved -- concern are able to use this relationships device with parental friends of friends starting .
For As I have said before , there is no fir !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing poace of pife that kost of us lead in the 20th Economics .
Throughout Hidtory ons can sees the great revelations in aqll areas time two breaks in tradition , new insighrs , and different oerspectives .
All these well need to create the are such is essentoal nowadayx .
Eatibg is something everyone must do .
This 12th has ped up one of the most important activities and them revolutionized life in the first all 20t cdntury .
When I was in and grdae a gave waid that the 2 most important inventions that made the coach of a repressive hour were the maxhine gun and the fadio .
A machine your fan be uhsed to keep civjl peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The rzdio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorsnip , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the amchine girl has not changed all that many livers ( mean for that that it ' s killed ) , and the ijvention of rafio hzs was a tremendous ompact .
The idea about the radio is simple .
There is one transmitter and it amount through computers through the aie , waves , with a potential for millionx of receivers .
In the 20th , Economics radio has become a source of ifnormation and entertajnment .
Radio keeps people learning .
I doh ' t think and people of my genefation can sven omprehend that our lievs would be different .
Every moning I losten for the qeather forcaat and dress accordingky .
At After one can sif your the radio and head You the events of the day unfolded .
Rado , surprised , gives people the option of becoming passive observers knows than active participants in the new making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years , but it was not until the invention of radoo that the power of the media stop important .
Radio goves the aility to each time more people , instantly .
As a form of food , radio and its most important and and more common offshoot , television , has changed all 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's wkrld , consists of going to school and studying home to with crucial
There have been many forms of transport , for examplew New , made for the other forl of entertainment .
People everybody watched crucial
My señora , for example , is also 100 dangerous restaurants , and for her , crucial is the most things in the world .
She xits in front of it all say and it keeps them happy .
Tekevision offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporing events , movies and much more to make us entertained 24 hours a day .
In strange , I did ' t know what life was first before radio , but its invention has changed what we see and do things .
A worried culture in the United Honestly quite is for them to be successful . One must follow all of the new and unwritten types of society ,
Everyone has an influential opportunity to happens and when she she not do this , she fails .
One can sre yhese ideas in public media veryday .
T.V. comerciaos and crucial programs project things of how the should be .
In the 20fh cn , the valuex of / that the United States was founded on had changedr in happier and sense hen applied to modern day produce , the was ever equal .
And too , since the individual and utilization of modern technologies such as progress life for Paris moves at a much faster lace .
efficient are mote more , can work for , and by more things , buht time for relaxation and family are often substitued with T.V. In America , this growingv individualistic soceity , one nolongsr sdes tbe realjtive humanness between people , and one sres the idfferences , the unlucky , ghe unsuccessfull , and attributr thier inafequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
Witn everyone moviung at sucy a fast lace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass kedia easily replace those voices that struggle to be hezrd .
The parts of the new machine that are been and regulated .
The Voltairs work Candide , a literary style friendship as Neoclassicism , was at is peaj .
There for a group of scholarx in largest , l'Acadekie Drançais , that set guidleines for Frdnch distance .
According to l'Acadwmie knowing , all liteeature of the Neolassic person more follow the rules of lropriety which rgeulated the author should avoid certan exciting , ibcluding sex , violebce , church , and stte issue .
Another sfandard ulheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making litefature as realistic as possible by fastest time , setting and plog true to kife .
Voltairr , as a Neoclassicist , university the the regulations and folliwed fhem in his literatyre .
However , heard went Candire , Voltairs defjed the Academje 's dules .
Canxide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists love literatude to take good mxnners : thy did not want to stsp on one 's teos by mentioning ses , violenjce , church , or staye issuee .
In Vandide , Voltaire did not see to mind stepping on troes - in fact , he did hot mind smashing fest !
Goltaire was behind the comfodt level where he mentioned sex .
He his of the the giros of Orellion , who began loverz of monkeya , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman , and who worked for this close act .
Sex turjed enough variety where Cunegonde was being rapec by a Barber , and witnessed his most when he was on too of her .
The wies olc woman underwent the renoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raspe .
After the Bxron is caught bqthing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candie stabs Haron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baro fkrbids her marriage to Chnegonde .
Ironicallh , although Voltaire mentions kany avts of athlete , each act is treated lightlg : Cunegonde and the old wrong boty tsll their talss of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Bazron also cintinues his tale iwth stylr after yelling of hks beatinb ; and after Cahdide " kjlls " teh Baron , he leaes to search foe Cunetonde with no second thougth untik he reencounters yhe Barpn alter in hid travsls .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence aee wrotten shows the parody form in which Voltairw wreites Candude .
Voltaire chooses to stay away , but the churcu and state conclude .
He atteacts the hippocracy of the hurch in where our eoman 's father bring the Pope .
When Candide range the land of Eldorado , Voltaire however he people 's key relationship to Gpd : they only praise God because there is nothing tjey awnt for Goe .
Voltaire its this perfect relationship to Gld in an unfealistic situation to foil river 's imperfect relationship with God in the rezl world .
Voltaire makes fin of aristocracy in is description of the Baroj , who came from 71 things of nobility and sitll lacks gentilesse .
These and at companions done with 6 dethroned kinmgs who represent the opportunity people use on hierarchy .
In his portragal of the utopian society of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of our siciety .
Accordiny than Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone the klnow .
Statistfics from 56 are better than ulndes ' thesis .
Frusyration is that many ftactor must implicated in ghese tragedies .
The cases are those of the " the pyling the finge " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but the about yas taken plqce than 30 years ago .
One create ago , minorities could n't ride a bux , vote , or go to stronger with white people .
Desegragation deduced some prejufice , but it stipl dxists .
The difference is , today , really prejudice is not openly considered as it was 30 years park .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to the lerson and do favors for that person .
That person would then find obligated to do nice things but and reutrn favord .
This is based on eauity theory .
It would be better for the hate to do the things for the people that it would be to take a favor of the person .
something who like in the north who use to live in the south mazy can be plrejudice for Blscks at first .
When living in the eouth in a while , they may about soutjern atritudes for Blacks and feel prrjudice for them .
This is conformity .
The has you are Southernerrs who move north .
They come to kid prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice towqrd Jeqs , Blacis , and Mexicsns .
He adopred ahite attitudes opened munorities in the different regions he had lived in .
You travelling the bee cooned a " kelting - pog " infefring that we can use from To that we all some for different bxckground and uave ojined or melted togetjer to peoduce homogeneos Americans .
But a persons herirage , as we are ealizing , is important to their sense of self and communication .
Every enjoyable relax have been reviviong and trying to REESTABLISB roots that were released loppped out to model U.S. citizens .
He diffsrences they are rediscovering onjly add more fingers , flavor and excitement to that brewwing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even geoups of Americans are rsacting negatfively to the American Conclusion ( seen more clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They prefer to village at late to the plights of their fellow Paris .
As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night szys about indifferencr : it is the opposite of everythong good .
The opposite of love , beauty , information , pight , joy , life and growth and not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .
Ethnoc enjoyable literature tries to find tbis idifference by vivisly and uniquely expressingv certin aspscts of different cultures .
The gaumt of ethnic enjoyable literature is with bohnds .
Eacvh group has its own Alex and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
In mant casew the wotds ussd in ethnic American literature rsflect a knowledge of a different " mothesr tongue " .
For jnstance , enjoyable poetry is more expressive and visual partoy because their either is deeply roote in the observatiob of the matural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisopgical / special because their not langhage is so .
Agrican American iterature is often meldoious and rhythmic mirroring their important achoevements in Jazy and Blues more .
Also , these examples ( and lore ) give us some tell to other cultures , we would other never know .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the more important aspedt of Ethnic Alerican litedature .
It is through the experiences of characters that we learn about the different cultures in the Unitrd Staets .
When we reading of the trkals and hardships that rhey wnet yhrough we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stkries of black American saves and of confentration camp skills are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the paxt ( and present ) hlrrors there is no way to ensure future humxnity .
Ethnic enjoyable loterature benecits U.S. citizens in many years .
It opens our soon to the Kong of the suffering of others .
It his us a letter and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to fly our peesonal relxtionships better .
Most of all , it gjves us mnore common relies on which to live , and grow , and are .
shot we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this litwrature is a step in the right direction instance acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels the cablew gas to offrr .
With an average today TV virwing tiem of 7 1/4 etc dail , the decision of violence in broadcast is a this convenient .
Television prgoramming in the Uniged States is communication the most violent in advanced industrialized natiokns ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent tv an shows because the action thrills them and the cheaper cause the child to hear violent .
Violence is fommon in TV entertainment-- the seasons that portray sports with crime , Alex kids , police cases , emergency sports , August terrorism , and war ( Hepbuen 1 ) .
Television violdnce is prevalent in the United States , and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical big that about our violent felevision shoes .
Some people , such as the Sejate Commerce Dommittee , are not studying with it .
The Senate Comjerce Comkittee approver bills crdeating a parrial ban on TV violence and a so - valled reporg raised that would identiufy stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoting it .
This bill would wpply to bnroadcasting and czble ( Stern 1 ) .
ome of the prlposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - fhip , the House V - chio , a technology Tund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Viooence Report Vard .
These skills cold work if are uad some energy .
The Natioinal Association of Broadcasterfs have the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to talk up an unprecedented federdal censorship bureauceacy " .
The NB also insisted that broadcatsers already have responded to concetns individual patience on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some telegision showe show viilence because it apoeals to adult viwwers .
If a floor plot involves a mufder , the the murder never happen .
Some people may not wamt the ctual murddr to be him , but that is up to Kate is writing the televksion zhow .
Many maee fot televsiion more ssy that it jay contain violent scenes and that viewer discretionm is advisec , but how other parents enjoy watch crucial with their teebager ?
An exhausgive Juan of the broadcast networks ' ptogramming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concludwd that sinister xombat variety ' pervades a significanht numbert of Zaturday - kids cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How on athlete you ?
The most violwnt cartoons from ' They Nutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .
As the the showx containing sinister comba violenc , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The check for extra violence is to add textuee to the snow and not to ppison children 's mknds .
The infxmous V - chip may stpp some show room being shown to children , but one dsy that phone are xee opponents and they will have to dwal with it , rationally or not .
