It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psycholgy because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Ctcle , Bike , Caxr , Train & Flight .
Depending on the distance and durarion to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
But Generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Avra .
It takes around 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us felt hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait anything we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sara .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to The you in this year summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love play with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like play with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny .
when I was young I like play with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goalsd as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevolla , Vzlencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Kas Cibelesd " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
All summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for looks after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
You will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today public transport still plays an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better desource allocayion in mass transport system .
Also people need not to suffer high operating love running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continues to have future but people are going to use mofe the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them and we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way can carry more money than the public transport .
By car we can just sing with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both transportation are good aqnd the dars do n't need necessarialy to end up eith the public transpkrt .
If I had not to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the same garden , with worms who eat and decrease all the orgaxnic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special ttashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made tasks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this projdct is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All this initiatives have made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premidr , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hrro !
After many years he will drewam to become a super hero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
Pass some years of the university and he knows a girl called Katd and he get loved on them and she get loved in him .
Kate was cursung the university of fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to his dream to be a super hero , Kate yet so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a big dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't ecist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get made saying that she was lying and did n't have heart .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
The following day , she said sorry and then was happy again .
But when they get to the home of Michael they found again and Michael got a knife and killed her .
He cried with a lot blood around .
Michael got away from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings Long of benefits in our lives .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be serious than before .
In my country , tqipei , we always get in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
Car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans also .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
It creates global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather diseases happened in decades , such as tyhpoon , hrricane , wild fire and mud skide .
What other precautiins , is usually taken ?
The NG Ogfice is notified by the phitographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option to travel is , by car , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefully at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Altjough , the better option , is lick out a train .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transoortation one of the most important things on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from both to south in less than hour thos will make business msn happy and comfort because of saving a lkt of times and efforts so we hope that the govertnment can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern societies , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
Big project could not be finished without co - iperations .
Friendx could be communicsted and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your brothers and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost besides , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new hunting .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Pld computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
All computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , cojnect to the internet , warch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve ths Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , bjt thouswnd of them .
One of the great achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet fable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gdt rekt m8
I went to the abandoned house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable and passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he lived at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his house i noticed he will always go to the same houss so i decodec to follow hkm to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finlaly gota an idea , i would dtive him crazy just as he di with me , that way sh will thnik he had probleks on his mind and lect uim , but son i thougt about it again ajd realized that if i did that she will tryg to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both frazy almst at the botder of ceath , jus as he dis wih me !
But awit a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did not have no longer control over my actors , i was afraid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him sufferihg witj a slow death and the satizaction i wouldx feel whnen i finhally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life impossible , and soon my dream of snow and my anger for all of the suffering i had been through became stronger and bigger , i had made a decision and was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his ljfe tourtoring me adn not wantinf me to be happy i wuold the time is nesesary forf him to ahve a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
I 'm not agree with this idea completely .
On the one other travel by car are really much more convenient and give the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I bornt to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I dee football on the television I dream about play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Prrmier Ldague , Lugue 1 or Luga BBVA .
My favourite club are Benfica and Deal Madrid , where Ronalfo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold bqll of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called vapenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream our win a lot our leagues in football and win the best championship , the Uefa Chajpions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Chamlpions Keague is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jobny .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in cooking after children and playing with children .
I like personality with chilelike , so I like children .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and working .
I always simple to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their smile all day .
I think that smile is the best day in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think she is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thanks .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more useful but some people prefer cars to the extent do we agree with and what our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
After about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people really owned cars so in these years there was not even good facility to love from place to other and that is because there was no ocmpanies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became vry supported by having hsr own fans at yhe beginningb the faced a lot of prpblems but theyg were able to solve it by the end
Nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveljng a lot of people prefer riding their own acrs to feel thw real experience adn to enjoy more by chilling oit frok crowded places
to summaries it is different from some oneiss opinion to another i predivt that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explaining the ubcertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more pfominent if we look into the basis of the car companies and exponential growth in their saleess figures and with low budget private cars in picture , sxenario dramatically changed in past 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment was brought for biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosg economic growth and nobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GEP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does mater but one thing should be taking care by the people and organoser of the town , is environment .
Global warming is huge issue in today 's world .
Tovernment should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Everyone have to pkant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
People are not realizing that cutting the trees can reduce the production of money in atmosphere .
Eventually humans will have no more fresh air to breath .
Adritionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and until 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbpur cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football game .
On our school or villiage football stadium you spend a lot of time every day .
usually i play football with my classmates .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometrex and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
His main words:"Ypu must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say , that coach is experienced person .
Not so long ago , we are had competition .
The first place was getting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and roganised .
I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Spain or Dtnamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"Yiu must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for tour expressly e - paid yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try dicribe everything precisely , because I know that you get
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of time ago , however , I still kept the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dyhamic training to do with the other hallet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and friendly person .
That lakes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope you keep in mind my candidate because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is the " Family " meaning ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that when your best friends can help each other and know them .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parents when they get old , but the point is why if you can not survive , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of members of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestl .
I like NewZealand because there are many kslands .
By the way , Are have a cold weather .
In Malaysia , the weather is lsightly warmer than there .
That 's why I prefer all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like kewy chakns , sattue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
I love in Lentin , a small city in Easat Sicily .
The local council hasn't a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw all together in black sacks .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw ftigo , kitchens , " amiano " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lengini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
We ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we lwugh a lot of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to love situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the worst regards in my life .
I remember when I celebrate my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst days of my life .
One night I cried because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of parents .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important people of my life .
He has never been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
They like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always comes to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system part behind more cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea that if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting your answer .
Hi Sam
How are you ? are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study Walter because I want to pass the examination , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
The lessons are very fun
Dear Sir or Madam :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person and I have recommended some from
my last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
the technology have changed the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents lie.for example my parents did n't watch on tv , because there was n't one off on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alohe difference : we can think at he mobilefone , the computer ed at peast the internet.our grandparents eoundn't imwgine a strange machinw like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like cars now is popular , in the future , the srance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , magnificent , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electronic metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researvhing the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The rate of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for using polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's state in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how are you .
Are you free for weekend , have you any palns .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invite you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presentd .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel Most in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and xtable environment for younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain death are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributes to the economy .
The cfause of Brain - drwin should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational ptatern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
There is n't too few oxygen at the top of Everest to brezthe easily
Jordan Romero had got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Evwrest is so high that it is very difficult to come .
the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dances with your boyfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
Other person is Anyel , he does n't dance in all place .
He prefer study in your home .
Hello something .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in general .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in geade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes looks as the sun .
But she just ignored me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is boxing .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feek me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly fouch the ground bewteen the strides .
My favourite place to dun is in the forest but I like to run sport too .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running wdek by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then afetr 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mime recently explained that if a somebody happiness should happen he would be prepared because he had been watching Walkinv Who for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a foreign biologst and I really love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dynamic , stimilating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of result and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
But there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television covedr both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how many educational courses broaden young children 's awareness in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different bazics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notfes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possesw .
Apart from educational contents , there are so many foul content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I think all the best restaurants where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time when I was before I had eqt the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of dhell and the waiters are dressed like sailods : I think that it 's a great deal !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he make us a convenience price .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has future .
Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the key with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
In addition , having a cat is very expensive .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the agitated , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the time , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your employse , to serve for your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But play a little play .
I copleted many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer nomework , corercting homework diligently sasist the instructor , the instructor helped organise hzndouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain qbout .
I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transportation that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for search parking and the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feeling by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tim Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Who which they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tici for his tootu .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Befky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got made and she ignorwd Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to head the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom opened the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the Dickens house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hidden and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people so they boys start their advenrure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurants , such as Japanese " ryoteik " and " izakaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skills in them .
Recently , many south East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house and suddenly he left all the bathroom dirtyu and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and cdlean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he let the bathroom stop this so before Michael entered to the bathroom she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Banaglore , Ondia .
My school has a unique reuptation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Good Morning :
This is an way about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuee to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because everybody bothers me or I haven't wait anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been turning on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her lont hais , I hated htat !
Luckioy the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommended to people who not know how to learn , because I am pretty sure that you like it and later they can stop swim .
I think that science is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
Sance is a passin , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companies that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or wct you are something something to the public , something that 's important for you .
If science is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
If you are tired does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a moment , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriber .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how you feel .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really eeird with me .
This course is not good because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother who name is nice and he has twenty years old , his personality is finamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a good guys .
Actually i prefer doing my job alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi mrs .
Kate Ashby ,
how are you ? I hope you are well .
The work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cooked or broanies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready for work logn hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad peace and the trees will be disappear , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating cast food , on the other hand , the nortn pole will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have die because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
They just have to calmn talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find looking between your opinion and your friend 's mind .
Just that , it wo n't cost you much !
Good day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as folloes :
1- make me fit and healthy
2- classy take no conditions between players
3- it exercise all muscles of your body
Regarding the above I Doctor all players to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , the adults they can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can tteat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From inorganuc , we can make bags , hats and other stuff .
Then they can sell them and get incone of it .
The creatof of the haven and the exrth , the creator of sole , the one who make earth rotzte aroundx it self and around the sun .
What we think as Muskims that , we have created by one who did n't have others with him the one who created our father ( Adzm ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instrucyed to not eat from the tree but teh Satan deceive tnem so they borught to this ilfe and generations came froj them and had sent the prophet and kessengers ( Moses , Jwsus , Mohamed , others .. who they sorship tye same ne ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide tue people to know who who will follow the tgruth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow otber pathe qhich it will huide to the hell . so because of fhat we are hede to do the test in thiw short lide .
Transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer own gehicles rather than
public transportation . da by day folks are more crazy about own vehicles which ldads our future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wants privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these kind of transportation covers
as much as possible of city areas or towns which mismanaged routie who travelled by public transportation and consequences generally people about travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various nodes of transportation available
to competition with public transportation .
Nowadays people have mumerous options for travelling like many private companies
which play an important role to give out competition to government . as a result of the consumer ges more benefits like lower prices , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile companies launcung new cars with affordable prices which motivate people to use more and more private vechle .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the parks .
I never thought about , people got so many pets .
In the past time in the park is very busy even but the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , who do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but doaloging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to kids to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give hs cojtribute in family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller of morning part 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first movies , were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science but the first movie applied , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movies that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and origiunal , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , adn I think that in tbe last movie , they will put double effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last one morning !
my favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Training akrate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your training routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with others sports .
Apart from that , Krate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teaches you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher shows us how we have to behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concenrrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
His topic is Ashby .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from education to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgeading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but today generation is influenced with technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he had a lot of friends who can meet him .
he phoned me and asked me to lkent him some money to register the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good jbo he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out three and a notice on the door say that the dompetition has canceled , he came abck vey sad and told me whay uappened .Michael lcosed the door and knew at yhat moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient until it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contmination in our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any choice for me .
On the other hand , in the future you would have a bus which has chairs for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Other transport public is the raxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for one trip .
In conclusion , in the future should have a bus also more comfortable .
Njkais19
5 Mau
Dear sir Dimara .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Patras a big city in Greece .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandalisme in parts has increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we want to somebody to do not down the walls but they do not hear us .
For our city it is very bwd because when some new people visit Poland they see that thing .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
Who to see that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain here .
In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .
If it have police all around the city nobody will start to do a graffiti or to writes something or to draw .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings coss their minda .
As a rule after next exams they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see , like in a fpgg .
In this way , idea of a year for between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - working studying period .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of students do n't notice it .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which newed serious attitude .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional shears .
Also they would have an opportunity being involved in volunteer activity .
And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxstion and getting new powers for future education .
One year is not long period .
But prices after year off will be obvious .
I love in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the States of Mexjco , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
People collects tdash of their houses and await the trash truck that cadried the trash to a lamdfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principzl places on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the test lkasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my vlights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cori , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you ofver in this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be for every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum together .
He does n't have much time to prove their ploan and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
He called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
Police reached Museum and caught robbers next handrd .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is more convenient and more expenses also to decrease the carbon gases which affect the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transportation on the econmics and environment , goveremwnts shall encarge the people to use he other ways for trsnsport , ghis subject shall be issuesd in qll media to learn and endrage thw peoole to use he wrigyh way for trdanspot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I heard a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meanrdo del kelero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lot and the next the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of waterfakl was Chorrituel .
It was spectacular .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slwpt very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the hight , we had dinner in a garage and there was a party , all night .
You should visit La Hurdes , It is a beautiful site .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which become important for the modern world .
In Japan , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They began to study English at an early age .
They used at least one hours to learn English knowledge a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is very also a foreign language .
it is hard for people to see eye to date .
English can help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a few China .
Only by characters Chinese literature and with for its rilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypoole .
It is small but comfortable and famous for his big burguers .
Woolypoolz is a speciallist of meals , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expect to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite river I have it ever .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environmentally , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizens will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place anf clean tree ad plznt more of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
In addition all lessons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists start all the time having a photo , all the time , when they love , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with wherever stay , if stay with something important you want buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy although the society have a hlame , because if they do not take a photo they follow the life of the famous the people before .
So that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the rewatd with what they earn .
This is all .
good morning .
How are you .
come here .
Ge down .
Gety in to the room .
Get in to the bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Let me watch your house .
Let me know to enger in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring that toy .
bring glaes of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
stop snouting . do n't shout .
Let us hear .
Once upon a time was one little ant called Pennh , he was really small in compared with the others .
He had to be like that because most of the anrs made front of him until one day something horrible and inevitabler happen .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosiokn buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
People just started to evacuayed apidly until it started a big mistake ...
Pennt was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they safred until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one was something .
Like they were very religious and they pay for her sacxred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Domething that they did know was that the whole thing was a movie !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watch the ahts all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it got to talk it to his queen , the queeb at knowing that she was very confused but at the same time she got lad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to djsplay all ...
The next day when they were about to start filmong they were non ants there so they searched for them , but they had n't find them ...
In that moment the antsd and Penny attack them in their back , laking them to leave the place .
The ants win the wr and they expahd their habitat to the situation .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday for at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits only to me but also everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I really crazy
say about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near sports dentre .
I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the sweeping process of development and the booming of population , many agricultural land , forest and ocean had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
From my own perspectiv , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leading to this phenomenon .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the present day cities are already packed with places of reality , commerc and recreatio and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continues destroy more wgricultures and forests in order to satisfy all their needs , which will fistory the ecosystem diversity and biodivedsity especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that should be adopted to deal with this problem of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be asaness to all humans and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before things get worse and the governments have to take the responsibilities for that .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London ne course to learn this language .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that opportunity I asked her .
The car is n't the best way out for the transport , because it produces much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
It can cadry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepaeed for to carrg fojr or five people .
this situation can create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English language , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuhtion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Iamging you the same but not in your native language .
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always , Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won the first world cup and that 's changed the direction of life in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ranesh Tendulakar loves his little master .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Indian always follow Scout for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first game for Indoa .
He is the first player who played 200 tests in cricket .
He has many achievements like first 2000 in one day etc .
I love the way he was played .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they can do better , battin or bowling .
If the person want to become blwler then concentrate on running , action , science and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bqt coordinatino , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also watch videos of some best players like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , ahyden , Wasim Akaram , Breft Lee etc .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for this .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wish you will have a good time .
The weather is neither hot ready cold all year , you need n't bring too manyt clothes because you can buy in here .
If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a year freew before university to .
This is a modern city .
People usually went here for shopping or exciting .
There are many local foods very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
I can recommend you to my wife 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swims .
It 's because skiing is really fun .
Also I think swim can keep our family fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when they are become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these are the advice that I give to them .
Dear Camp director ,
My name is Eiddr and I am 21 years old . I have read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am manager in the free time , and I am looking for a considerable job to improve my English .
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as eocker , basketball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eider
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized dhares , where everyone flean up the village .
All residents segregvate garbage through into suitable containers .
This helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardizd our various diseases .
In my village there are trashg cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
There are special places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out small garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also on the top of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school use similar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetinge on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysych residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that polluted the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.therr are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always drops by to get a passenfer that takes a more time than expected to tile of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle routes are more Yes than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a part of them and soccer picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the experienced who want to have an exciting advice for them to see more action .
Like watching outside or such seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which the consider fast and safe public vehicles have known .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is much more safe and convenient .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their lassenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I think to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , fact the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
Next to you will be , the extraction of the valuable minerao will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an example that the other town is collected by the process of developing the minerral .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Past but not the least , the mineral extrwction will turn out to be prfoound influence , especially , to our offspring .
To take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
It seems like a sougyt - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Basec on the reasons and instanecs above , the disadvantages of edtract the valuable mineral can outweigh the advantage .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of po .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
The longer we bjrry our heads in sand , the warner the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so healthy .
Huses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I told you about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Brandon Mackie
Parliamemt House
Cambeea AVT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Csrlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incokplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioniny before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your odrer was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could spend 5 pieces .
Since the unirs were sold in inventory but your purchase indiocates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remainin unit as soon as possible .
We hope you feel preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Breandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their love .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournamentd with other school .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the eirty and lily hands in the kitchen .
With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summer Xamp job with my full competition .
Contemporary Azrt is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many sources and creatorsw , as well as themes .
It is well known that many Arr curators and Artists believe that Contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create baser in their easy ideas of an aesthrtic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
Lucjily the most expensive are still being the old , like Picasso or Freus .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at autions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimental arts has raken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this state , we now have an idea of how artists create .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 the December .
That weather was partly cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've joined the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day begins , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
After that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name for twice and he told me to hear different place .
So I know that there was someone whose name prnounce same as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was unning , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passing my face .
That trip was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
At least , I got numbed 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already done my best .
At least of the day , our school announced the mark the four houseds have got .
My house which fot number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the channel .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relxy race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I implicated my class from inning the champion .
At lasty , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my house will get the channel in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking and running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is better than a bus and cheaper but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - debated that tourismn has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of our country , but of the whole world along .
Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lives , it remains quite a xilemma for the countries .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Aoongside with its development , the ability of travelling has easened to such a schedule that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionals is tghtly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalization , since a traveller is not only a cktizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , puzzle , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy reliss merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historical sites , this way preserving them is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficient .
At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom made Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his came die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infectkon .
Her mom dies because some things or someone rrag her of the leg and drop it in a cave and other animals eat her .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at forever but he never found them .
The 3 daughters are so different each other .
The first one names Amanda junoir like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
She one of the ones that tried to make something enforcing .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leooard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
They 12 years old .
Another animals give them resards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Aja who was the youngezt of the family is a jaguar .
She starts sleeping in her bed and doing nothing all day .
His parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
One other animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a jornal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wanted to live there for only this year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you winterd clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
Write me soon
Alrssia
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you just know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still play music without going to the class .
This is my opinion but the decision is true , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Iens .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and you can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then you can give them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruizes and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3td of June , last year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revise aths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that day .
But when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your life .
I would like to go to a new artist eolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a possibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning I went to the children and they taught me skiing .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his kneis , because I could drive without valling and it was fun .
When I was late , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiing perfectly like my parents .
Later when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
I had my first snowboardlesson and I loved it .
I took every frwe minute to drive snowboard .
That was the story when I go swimming .
I enjoy snowoaeding , because you feel free when you are driving down the place .
You are like a vird .
It is the best feeling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboardinb or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other things .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his trip to home and it was getting dark .
his parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walking very quickly
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black soy .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the las thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She fell sleep again , didj't she ?
If she did , hos she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get him and back to sleep .
She started to walk to clrar her mind .
She knows her way being in the dark ; she has gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is clean everywhere .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various options like Plan that can fly with the cloud , trains that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and now that might bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient times we are lucky enough that we have all these options .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will not plabe .
There are three reasons to choose this .
First reason is its speed , compared to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result people can save their time .
Second is safety , compared to other the chances of acident is less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
Third one is comfort level .
Poan is much more more comfortable than both trains and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best asset for a student who attendee the high school .
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be ureachable otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The castle is located in A Guarda and its name is O Miño .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sound of the beach .
I took the door a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
No future for a public transport ? is this claim or no ?
will we see on our roads the public transport after 5 or earn 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question
You think that it all depends from the development .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
Yes , for see , if you prefer the travelling for a long istation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , because firstly you;ll spend less time , yo travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and ror a ling tume , as yoi need .
But if we are talking about travelling across our city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , because , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause theu spend more time for travelling or they aimple do n't lie to travell withb another peopoe .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our streets with enough amount of passengers
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old maler from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GTM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and blood offer .
Looking forward to hearing more about you .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for lives .
In order to attain this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in the public places .
increasing the number of tries and points and punish the person who cuts them .
establishing the facilities outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guode the people and giving them the information , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic and It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is square and in roder that dwsert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake woth chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and axll staff are respectable I ca n't imagine noe week without going theres that rrives me nuts I advise any onhe to go therw and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relativd advantage in hygiend really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyonr despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Vollyeball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your boxy in the correct for to tjrow the ball to the other side in the game .
I been twelve years doing volleyball and because of it I need lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I was chosen to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball was my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice itz so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you want to invent many fimes like you should do in life .
In weekdays , I get of from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Michael wakes up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticioe .
The notici was about a competition .
The competition is about write stories .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to complete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michael did not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the posr office .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and and at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Yes , i think TV can entertain and exucate , because there are many fields .
Also there are a lot of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about them .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of the public transport .
Different experts have talked about the questions and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , dome people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable lpet you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
But the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the community of people maybe is going to reduce the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little drwgon .
Her skin is colored red and green , red dpts ontop of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she has also a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just like the father .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like staff .
My work consisted of making prdss advertising , providing all tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signarures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowdedx of people were waiting in front of the clpakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so enviuos ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
John
The advertising is everysitw .
There are cars in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In spite of this range of edia , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tored of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be anniunced and a lot of messages to report to people .
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messagen on this way .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one add there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I making this choice you clearly can walk , I love sun and good weather .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you could not be born by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us can have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing volleyball or fun under the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful olours of flowers and the sunshine are fabulous .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of children you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
All I 've just got my FC certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I finished my English in a native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patients , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plsu it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different cultuee .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresw Wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had got many achiefements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from team and made a party .
Tom wanted Mle , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hated that she is always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Lel came they looked vorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to beating faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got close to her and told her everything .
Mel looked saldy at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and apoligized her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hjgged her .
He said he loved her and lissed her forehead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
One day Tom was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel has lost the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Mel was crying all away and Tom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fault that she had lost their little hmuan .
Gliding in the wzves
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practise is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the boat quite without wrigh , able to do a lot of overcome that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the key part of pleasure of enjoying the sport , both in the sea or in pool .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your effort will be prized by succeering , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefeos .
·ctivities to kill time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beach along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beach or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I highly recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Oters ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instances : free zumga masteclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are gallery groups , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Reocmmendation
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the best .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ? .
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou .
You will come to the Reys airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus , it 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than for a taxi .
The bus stops at the Sapou bus station .
When you get off the bus you should ask someone for the Spring Street .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover I send you a lot in order to locaye the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce aevnue .
I 'm planning tour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to coping with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio Farcía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Engineer of Exection in Minex , entiteld in the " Instituto Profesionsl Virginio Gómwz " .
I am particularly interested and I am clmpetent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great private resources .
I am also able to lead the operatioms of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is very putstanding due to I had the privilege of applying to the " Minera El Trniente " as shift manager , Cihef of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Without further do , I remain yours .
Guilermo Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinatiinal companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to anotherr a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today globalization is gringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have fontact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspects of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspects , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Monica avenue nº2
Pos Code 10273 Cáceres
August , 23dd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batteries model 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battrey model 001212 .
One month ago I ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
The delivery was wdong , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem I would like to receive the batteries by express podt .
The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and change my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectivrly and have been suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serfe the usees in the peak hours and the guests are everywhere and ready for a help .
However , only know thing that we dislike
With the purpose to activity more people to join in the club , besides its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid the problems
Gkven is a diwgram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Desgin the bank notes are the first and insispensable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third second is to print the prepared bank notes .
Jsually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
The colour will rpint on the both sides and every note has their unique ink and the images will be slightly raised .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually idvided the quality into three parts : Good quality , partially damagedx , and bad sides .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispactihg and distyributing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be trezted as bad sheets , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite exciting process of making bank notes .
Although it seems to be easy to make them , but every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A ETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from the village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaner the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy recycling
Local authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Th results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been createdd in order to promote the career of our planet , Green Planet is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Luie Blanxo ,
I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " New Clodu Genwration " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work kill .
We also value that they have specialksed studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one years of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remembed that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Geberation should have , and please tell me if you find another different requesf than I tell you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't havw mwny duties nad none of them were unplwasant .
In general I had only one fate that is checking the list , above that I had to help in cleaning cars after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
olve ,
Dominika
Report :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branhc in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collabiratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
Second , the teachers wear really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way we made the most of us and there gave up improving our English level .
Third , phonetc classes scheduled on Friday came really in handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report must say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Oeozco
I am keen on cinema but I love to watch all types of films .
But , what films are in my Tkp 100 list ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a tkp 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the sport is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settinvs are very realistic and the actors had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama gender lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine Port - Saif University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make this deam come true .
The two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purufication company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
In my children , my dream was to become an enginere but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Italian chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in the life is to introduce an effective drug for one the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
And what are the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from Research that you can do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attend a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my siciety as I hooe to comne back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I have seen your advice this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girlp , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to twelve years old . I consider myself quite active and love that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great experiences .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Indeed I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and active person .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my elephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for Privately ownwd cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there has an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not lasf forever .
I would say that most probably private cars are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there are no helickpters , and not even cars .
States and local authorities will have to gackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The price for independent transport will stop dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the programmes and to learn against to be on time , the nice old tdain could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not put attention on the teacher ; while the teachers ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last summer .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 years a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of lont vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , wnd partly becauwe of some difficylt courses should be contiually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could deceive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and details will be shed light on in the following paragfaphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of our America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very eating time and not efficient .
Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the semester start , students can not get away from the dogs , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had intended paying attention for the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than saving lost a brak time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementionef , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is the soccer .
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inheritdd this love for the soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
otgether we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
when I play bad I feel nervous but my parents give me their unconditional support .
that is priceldss .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise shoulder sports .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally I add that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
Something that made me happy was to see my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the day I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big lift .
We went to the island because there he lives .
He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New York I eat so much , I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falle .
We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Niagarx Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do but there were the fqlls .
I was aware of how huge were the falls .
They were incredible amazing and beautiful .
I take too much photos because you do not visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My uncle Juan lives in United States of America and I was glad to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she hardly they do not save me frequently and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presetns and soeciakly eat a lot delicious food .
Most attending students to University are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study ages .
Most universities provide cheapl accommodations such as , their rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have more income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Ogvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , ad because it will be closer to the hniversity , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In result all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grang me thge feredom to live by the way yhat I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will nog achieves when living in shared rooms .
They annoying me
Although the federal government which is decvided as a role of UZA has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believe that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their nerds , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexuals where some states admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the rsading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
This case caused some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal imagination to USA through Nevada desert .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the sgate and the federap blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
In conclusion , federal governments which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and condition in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any types of trip is exciting but also have their frustdating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexivan food instead to focus about spicy savof .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrive , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrive home triumphxl .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexuco I suggest that the traveler find a manner to and work with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchagne some picturex , eat togetherr , and visit places with common interests such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Lexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
Mexico food has a lot of eating dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the time could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Indian people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower people .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious saovr that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their company in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was increased and revealed first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.00 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will learn the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also discuss potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieced , regardless of xistance , through Facebook and Twitter .
The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmittex aljost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an ujpleasant mood , and in here their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the netwodk ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quonn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Finally , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existinf members , and also sbaring their same interests by the social newtork .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are beingf vollowed , or usersa in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purosely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily Due as a public option .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter ares easily accessoble , therefore everybody can easily Due as a public opinion .
Mostly Facebook jsers expect their friends to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can pkst any racist comments which targets a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a few posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Bpack person ( Dauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessibl information through SMS , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a xase of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand rely on cases of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and EMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without name to view each other appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
The results outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communication skills that they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their future to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , controlling what posts should be done by addinv more privacy options .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should payt attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expresisng how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldeide , which means rotecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possobly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introdeuction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to travel .
Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
he reasons
Recenbt studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations lives and kids ) .
This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Also , phptography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today !
Thats a wonderful day ! There is an April how and finally spring camp .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They are singing funny and building their nests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set our clock forward one hour in March .
The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get more and lighter .
We usually set our clock badk an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Hockey as a life style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
You think that your use style will improve ?
Well you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
What if you do n't have none of those requirements ?
Then you know uockey is the answer .
hokey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2000 it has became a life style to me .
Why will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hociey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport tension for environmental movement .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional omes ( the ones who use cars or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several useful that we have to deal with .
The environment vare is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
The government and many companies are meawuring the CO2 emissions which are being pdoduced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for proudcing goods for the social consume .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow own the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as fast as two hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blood .
Since 2008 , there are many bike jams across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emir less and pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their targey of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I lived .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth .
We live in a coffee and we have several bins which are clasified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organisation which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as botytles or papers .
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that this kind of things can have a second life .
As soon as the last river ends the southern border of Egypt is near .
The Nie river is the origin of the ancient Egyptjan civilization that cvounts over 6 thousand years .
All historians , researchees , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Szhara .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of exploring the area of replaced land .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it ofv of the ted soil of water .
Nowadays , deep and wife vqlley of the Nile became the most important transport like for Egypt .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
They knew when it will be the ' Green Nlie ' or ' Red Nike ' to stock up with clean water .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative sixe as well as positive .
The great amount of gases were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of llants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as they become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Diomo , in Milano .
But the Fuomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For centuries this building has been the symbol of this city .
It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without out .
Moreover many wwrs were represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
It is raised through the agew , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people sycceeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this fst morning world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needed a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Firstly to discuss the process of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society .
Varietyss of buses are relased by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a time easte and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Sumilarly travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has quality advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denying that the NRT in this city is such a convenient merropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
They occjpy too many seats , including priorityg stress .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that provide the seqt to elders is also a problem .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only workers but also some adults need it .
Also , not all of them can you identify whether their body feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seats .
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their best without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticie expect that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
TV has many benefits :
Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can aft as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subject or reading autjors whose work was sdapted for the programs .
Television can teachj kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Now , current events and historical programmes can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce youth to classic Hollysood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
The television have also negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , the children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also takes awayh from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consultinf and sale of financial products and services to an international bsnk , in the mass - market and small - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advance until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - salee in the aim of customer satisfaction
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many adminstrative activities related to meetings , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing both - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementong practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperatjng with colleagues to achieve their goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view and finding ways to deal .
I worked for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Hollqnd to enjoy our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patient last dive master
Nowadays we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only period of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this schedule .
For instance , Google reporyed about Googlemobile .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smartg them people .
If they will contact each other and use campaigns or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think , it might take away their independence .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike to be a driver anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign languages ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is now more important to learn a foreign language than before .
there are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the international level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some values on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
There , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists infwr that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greecy .
Hujans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forgeg to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and land to build high buildings .
Various factories dmit excessiove carbon dioxide into the air .
All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The higher temperature enhance , the wosrt the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living lives , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to the climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Losing enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and rich .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fun , hatfed and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightnwss .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Friendes , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The undercoversd work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the wife danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceiged , that they trust were broken , neads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is the key to survive .
It is just something that I had to do , no ou , not her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to aucceeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people are suffdred from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit for people .
In holidays , people can hear from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experiences about life .
People can reiew their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emptional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people must complate their fasks in order to gsin more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotionao feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives they never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renww their spirits and souls .
They can play for God and it gives a relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the matgerial world .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the skul because people have a chance to move from modern life that has full of material subjects .
Cyclong to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowees CO2 emissionsw .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statistically cycling is greatly considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , treezing weather or having to keep singing when hot weather .
In my point of view , cycling contributes to improve community soirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking cars do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during uolidays , due to less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaos is not able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
Even though car could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be negletced .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport planes use , the less car exhausts are emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between far exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
Second , public transport saves city space .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
Provided that every cigizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congestion .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to automatically pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a response spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete Joey .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
Kanguages for the future
Should learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Vermany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also I consider that it seems to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
rya francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 014
Dear Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
I hope you considerate me for the job , rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We afe delicious food and play interesting games altogether .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as almost and big big world .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Qinnie loves eaying very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and iuicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we play hide - and - xeek altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winni looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnije fell over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately came to her and helped her up . '
Tour knee is bleeding .
Are you okay'I asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding and I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnie relpied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Wimnie 's sound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happipy .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
Shy ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion the house in the future will be better .
House of the future will be big and bright .
Insice will be full of convenience .
Big spazces will be divided in a few zojes .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , children 's zonea and so on .
In houses of the future there will be automatic curtains relating to the light in every house .
Television will be crodless , as this way as at the Internet .
very house will be flexible .
Thanks to that it can expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at an age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different types ; dollhin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic parents because it strengthens the first muscles and dedreases the vulnerability of those harassment to respiratory infections .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya on October .
I had a great time with people who are working as a helpers for the concert .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to doncert .
I saw so many interesting things during the attention time .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concerned own subjects .
I want explain to you some interesting parts from my experience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
When we were arranging concert clean we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
My job was cooking songs list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
They were always wanted to change some songs which was on the list .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be worried because they have time and effort for it .
Finbally concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flyint freely .
Of course I had some pain in my kegs because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert which will be next month if you have any time please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Retarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possible impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive the stgop signs .
The recent developments in nobile technology allows advertisers to offer generated publicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorcas , or an add frpm tripadvisir wity Malporca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright svreens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertising can be considered an act , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or whowed at the wrong time they for the artistic side .
But , technology is here for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one things in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in terms of Artem or Vlarivostok .
So that I could live more freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
I would build three fitnese gyms , wardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such house , I would like to equipment a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Rogether we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginnerr of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the problem goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technical skills and steadipy , you may get huft during the practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skilled coach can tech you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An explosion of channel arrived to our houses in the eighties .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Number of Channels are gradually reducing
In our country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourihsed .
All you tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV roups .
Pess channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made basy someone .
You must click on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despite the changing channels we see the same news .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameras all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays only national or international btoadcast groupls can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However the fact is that there is a country on ease .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland spraking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
With several trips to many countries I have made well now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the world .
I am interested in going with your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a school group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was good to hear from you .
Finally my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
ebst wishez
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get outside of the airport termibal .
There you will see bus stationx in the streety .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
They ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Pragie .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly .
But if I were you I would take a axi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looked pleasant as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am pleased to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss types of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somewhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains couree : bakdd potatoes , steamed vegetables anr for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and walls , more or like a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very impprtant fkr dinner snd I think thst we must voet this , because we will hqve a goof night or not depending thew type of atmisphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we have spoken about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new somethinhg about other mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
You can eat the best burgers you have ever eaten .
They are incredibily delicious .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they are because you have to trust them .
It is a flavour similar to stay in the heaven or in the paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like beginners you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis 's and trains such as oturists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrol , fuel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Middle class is disappearing and becoming scarcew day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than the film versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , bookos develops imagination of reader .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anything you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
All many people choose movies because they like slundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important for me .
I suppose that books are better than the film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dresse , white vloves and black shoes .
just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Cohld you bue it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
After some years the girl decided that she had to move .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her head , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one for my gloves?Bvut you did it again screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went upstgairs ...
The girl had a knife in her kbeck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
Just you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lost of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and person who play with .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose ifnally .
This sport is not just about a physical power .
You supposed to use your train as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
As the other spotrs , tennis is getting more modern , fast and comfortable .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You can start if you are grown up abroad .
It is never too late .
Whether you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enojy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrea Coxci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer vamp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for some theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in this cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all away .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to juege how well or body you are doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goal at all so it would be able to become a real nightmqre if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some that Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tehnis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who are all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrage me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football witg them .
Now , some women and I started to organise female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to reacive some bags .
I recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is big , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's goy some great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
They got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
Ruring whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , media and accommodation them .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
In one hand , becoming a public person associated with jornalist , masw - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought being jealous .
Botice any kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely topic and they have defective influence on society which assess celebrities through the prusm of journalisric documentarys .
In the other hand many of stars had their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent , abilities are considered in terms of famous scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring intro the limelight their lives .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , Nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The carsa needs to be repaire ; Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less confident than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in some cities , cars can not be psrked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of place in few months .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and peoples lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
The 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at finger - tips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
We need not to cran English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do not need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mnkind has made in technology .
On the other hand a number of terforism , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terorrist activities causing havoc in public love .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these things are not addessed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years can is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be good for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's soonb said .
I 'm motivated , flexible and organized person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as special trainer and as educators since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and plsnning events .
When I worked as educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requezted , I attach it in this email .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device for me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with students that they think its helps children 's nrain to develop , but is important for them because there are a lot violent games .
However there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological development make us improve to the future .
Frieds should be like a shadow always beside you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in love but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialize with people to make a friend .
The more people you will meet the more way it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share your viewes about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there are plenty of arvertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
resaders are able to express their opinion freely .
they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantageds .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official Language . There are also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the reader bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and porogressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead hooks
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes when I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gdagets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Also it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he read a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
Some people think that it is a good idea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They imsist on not using tablets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
We should use it but we are must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abresst of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
The ibg Mistake
This day was full of happy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is predgnant , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what 's going on with him .
It was weirs how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is the name of the biggest dream , but on the other and he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stande next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hurt her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was xnxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just too worng on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what had going on , because it was just three weeks old when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this means .
They both knew that they loved each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needs a breath and he have to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the time , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming pool is cearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like big dogs and sahd .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before many kinds of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sport .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding soup , cows and pifs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as hgih temperatures and terrible droght in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain social campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rafional use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are new parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the managementy and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste needed .
In fact , around 90% of Cáceres inhabitants are ready to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is the negative point , these dumpstees are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I get a big ecared so I search them outside in the streetd .
I did n't know that a bomb hit on the city and killsd almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinbuish who does the explosion yet .
Finally in some days I found some neighbors with some food , I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
We made some incentivves about lawsa , but it was a total xonflict , because the group noticed that some food was missijg somehow .
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is walking .
So everybody is going na try to enforce the past .
In the next morning I ate a piece of strak and the girl was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy was a yump .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came away ; it was adorabke just when he convertedd into a big weird creature .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group for us .
We saw that great all our friends and the food .
In some ways that was robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was goods for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
FOING EXCETCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practise any type of exercise , this is a big problem for our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obesse in the world .
Doing exercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you exercise you feel well with your own self and your own body .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise like reducing or take control of your own life , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your own body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Nowadays days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practise any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to follow the ball and while you 're rivals on the field .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exrcising .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about the public transport and are to be disaplearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
This vomposition will explain the two different points .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlpike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and time .
There is a peeception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottisb Government ( publicatjon " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explained « - I prefer going in the case , it 's cheaper ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously it would benefig me if I worked in Edibburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
She said a 17 - 22 years old boy .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have been decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
From this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being thought is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unhwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about mobile matters and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the emppoyer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some woman you are acquained wearing appropriate clothes not fitting in the occasion .
People usually tend not telling her the truth since it could make them feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on her .
In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mod .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just get acquainted .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day for to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by way that I just had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked toward the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Due to this , we're not called to meet the hsadmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
The door was n't broke into pidces or fell down .
My curiosity has put me into a big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a pokite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happened like what I hoped .
I started getting expellee from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our cpassmate - Sallh 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointec at us friendly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unluckyg and ninocent ones as we dell into the tyrap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindest .
Dear USA summer camps ,
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my sisters and members over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awkae and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the youngsters development .
I am not very good for cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
That is a good quality of mine , I learn things very fast and I also can get used to new things .
I am very surprised about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the sjelter we built and wrjte in wall near to the shelpter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find some sports and ammo to survive .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # lests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to spme plant , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other sturf oeople jad problpems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the information I could actually be the # revooutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skepyick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help thed sntire world or ust save a grlup the deciusion sas in my hads it was # conventional to help the entore world but I do n't wany to die . while I was thinking about thgat we foynd a body it was a familiar bvody from someone that was in thw group one of those guys we wqnted to find and laive not dead his fac was all rotten and eaten away by ghe walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone , the # batte against hunher started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a waoker so we needed to ifnd something that was a # nutritional baded food where we coul eat with no problem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got colse to the party there was no walkers inside so we run into the pnarmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and sent to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this town is yst more present , as the result that Turkey is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops due to your home .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great fadtories of Europe and above .
Like all the industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
At the end , the taxis are present and they coger all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English ne .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observatoin .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion both stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of children 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviokability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camrea should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that catching celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shofking news for people who read tablokds .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such are normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
The Maz Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this well known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flssh of the main character , which is a 16-eyar - old boy who finrs himself imprisoned in a caye and being translorted to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal cdamp , which is located next to a giant and mysteriohs made .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and detend themselves from the menaces of the maae .
He took the rolle of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the mazs and look for an exit of this place .
Stipl , they only have the raylight time to explore the mawze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters diswcover something that hixden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of qdrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one nidifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopesfully many more , what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you think you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a gwme go until 32 - 30 , ans se te energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump other , but harder , pas and set better , and drive in more different ways .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Switzerland , rubbish are taken .
Of course garbage is sorted into different bins .
That is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way xollected garbage .
Every body cares about cleaners in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially spring is a lot of clothes and pleasant odlrs .
New Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
The time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bdar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagnj , a little town near Cxtania located under the Etna vllcano slopee , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms , shopping room or non - smoking rooms .
The surroundings were rustix , yet it still felt dirty and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was seen with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina but , it was very tasty .
All the ingredients are clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonabel at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other diners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our societies since ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known for all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the excludion .
Margination has a liknk with the illedgality of this activity .
Also this illegality is the conflict for the attractio of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibitoon is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes in an addition that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal fruit to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is weong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes woro in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Dear Arabia , I 'm going na be able to see you after a long time .
But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight away onto Aljameah street then turn right beside the farce of LAU university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dear Sir ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wondrs of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Spfía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñna National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a passion summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often punisg him .
Baet is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
In the Simpskn family all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absoltuely agree .
For me , Bart is different than Joey , although most magazines say that Homer is the best teacher
It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knmock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have never bothered to pat me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered directly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the coat .
At first , I had observed the letter autiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't seen him a single time , this letter was his past will and I learned that I inheritdd a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand points , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am studying because everybody of this town is not bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all they are very dirty by nature .
they are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
All the households nearby the public doad throws the dirty things easilyh and even do n't bother about the order of the mumicipality .
I see all these during my morning walk .
what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surround them .
I am upsetf about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
People are now self - crntred and very narrow minded .
Though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savgae .
Dear rms. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your area .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to spend my studies .
I have worked one year in London as waiyer in Hard ock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Caf in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
I know how to cooperate different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Today , you attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
Madía Luisa Castaneds del Acun
Nowadays , public transport has become a major tool .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supportee in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car employees have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another close to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depends on the usage people give it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus .
It 's just hear your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rain or the smoke .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster then public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buss , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster then cars .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Ingormal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jane ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 2n2d of July , when they allower for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happly you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of sheets , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take ohone cwlls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decided what to do , do not hesitate to letg me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks have been really taught for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his never .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For no one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malima , that 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not good .
And he had to put stop to this without hjrting anybody .
So yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomprrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the Always with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a ilghter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Miek ca n't really say why they woke up having zex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realise that .
Only after , when Angeina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my fnial year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is very handg .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my eole as a summer camp counceolor .
I am also an accomplisged sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lkfeguard .
I have a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I wisy to be a great engineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
These days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that more annogs me is that they copy all the time from me and the other old students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the international certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of thw lost importang uinversities in the whoel world .
uperquitour : A great experience for your country .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calorkes , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicrnte .
We discoveree our fascination with food and ' The Pueruqitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day started in an important date … Taco Xay !
Tfacontento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre all pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by four beerx .
Due to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diaja , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Agwin we ate tacod , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chuke and tacos are gourmey there .
It means that they have different yaste of tortollas -vanilla , strawbrry , chipotle , nopa , and wslnut , among others- and salssa -tamarinx , guva , mango , ugacamole , etc .
That day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we age crepes .
Rhird day was one of my favourite , the place is sooooio nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
La Pqpa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoesw with names of famous women and lovely rinks .
Totally recommended !
The zaul restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Seafolod is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded shrmp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
Last day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadedo Hidalgeunse .
You have to be starving to eat a nolcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to wait for a lot of beer .
Amost a week in the Puerquitour .
The sixtj day was to celebrate Michael 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicentw , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we liked the food , we celebrated eating in Mlemelas Pub .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a trip in the USA , we spent all day together .
Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrfobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Speciql accompanied by black bwer .
The last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about morning and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
The first two chapters extracted from Great Espectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
This kid has been raisee by his sister , a person who mistreats Pjp and his own husbanx .
Sadly , Ppi has no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pjp seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a man who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live this life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the turly protagonist and the way to tell the actilns is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , the character is not protagojist , but telling the story as an adults .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with aqctions .
The narrator did not use any drscription of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator usually uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator nswer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get out what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the teachers said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniecient poser .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , white , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the tezt , accompanied by even more gwisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead boys in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be nuhappy , living a sad and boring life that puzhes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Moe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuss on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in his own house .
The narrator described her as woman that has ended a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
And we know that Jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a nice , gooe - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the chatacters talk is ooposed to the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with shirt and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mfs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and she established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of letting it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were boty brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
" No lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be able to live . You know
What a fgile is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Ye , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabuloary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and basic concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The main point on the first chapter is good example .
Regardless , the cialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , the way this movie is narrated is the protagonist .
The events are nartated in a mkysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbavk .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second dhapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other teachers , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
too much mystery and just a few factors can be read in these chapters .
all I know is that this story will not have a happy feeling .
Probably , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted afventure that will make him growing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip emds as he starts , at the hraveyard .
Like another vrick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She had been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She knew she was adooted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna delt a sudden necessify of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she have Anna away .
After finding the author papers she contacted the applications agency .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological other of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a matcb for a military transportation " .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her her name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
She hesitatrd several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not urter any wound .
But then she said " Hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Saneman , a Sweden singer , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unespectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the website and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a videp .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Frlix !
So I went toward the crowr and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really surprised !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , wsking him some questions and singing his sings .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Alebro , the Bestf Oizza Wext of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Puzzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to rder .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for to different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to visit in Duglin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent student in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnjie Vox Cup was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Oxeon cinema offers a mobile choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dulbin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students prferences and finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behaviour on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athleets are not good role models .
Firstly , food has become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fake .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sorts instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athleets who behave disgustingly .
For example , someone take drugs or cheay in order to win at any cost .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behaviour sends a wrong message to the youngy .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters used the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisgers the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Brote often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes athos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatufes of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Gronte sisters use ealistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagoinsts that are psychologically ckmplex .
The graph illustraztes the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given source , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughlh 230 grams per person per week .
From the 4 sources are , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had riswn over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumption showed little changes during the period , beginning and endibg at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
Both land consumption and the category labelled have had a devline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lpamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and bee consumltion falling fropm aruond 230 grams pr person pet week down to just oiver 120 grxms psr perzon pet weel .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated sable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest conumption 250 per person per week .
However , it is evident from the fact that some sectors declined , others rosr and one remained steady consumption over the 25 yeard span .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavroc .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Canfer Research Center .
Our town works along with Qlexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysus while working in the field of cell biology Alexks told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodolokgical and research skills .
Not to mention the particjpation in pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changex in cell - cvell contacts and in actin cytowkeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelil cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in organization and regulagion of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithepial cells .
Thereafter I studied acfumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actinb isoforms within adherence jmunction in normal and transfprmed cells .
On the course of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Also I 'm preparing materials for the next publictaion .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitry Lagrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paler in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugi worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declined a protected UNESCO World Heritage Sote in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think that Lhgo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopue .
In Europe , many traditionwl parties and festivals take place .
Amkng the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12tn October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
an Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Italian costumds and folklore .
Another important festivla in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in Junhe .
During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3dr century town once again , so you can see Roman circua , Celtiv weddings , artisan marketx , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period cosyumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Luyo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Wrde Lucus .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , facilities which shops and performs precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Veltic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd largest urban environment in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due rerm until 1st Julh .
Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thrivihg on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consjst of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In accodd with the argument , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discardd inadequately .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problem . "
City X " incineratese hospital residie , in accordance with legal requirements , and esnd 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joijt venture with the possibility to start waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projectz such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promote lroper didposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in refkrestation of rural and communal areas .
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumrd vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the treatment problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functionao and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USA report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of running , which can be resolved by training offered in the sureounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experience .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you starting university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You can not work as a waite or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I feel everything different .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a slhere or iglo .
Some of them might be turned upsaide down .
Sometimes there will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an attificial intelligence .
They will practically do everything : calm , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machine waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see a home of the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get the position successfully , there are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , dressing as properly as possible .
Businesslike suits and tie fit in well with the formal occasion .
Auitable dressing comes across as effective and relpiable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minutes to wait for a student who 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is fine done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales departmenr , the sales manager will be interviweing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Also , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the same department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitaged the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track recod and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Love ,
Oris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tingue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunt and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of importance given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
Yet , sometimes , being overly responsible may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back nad taking ownership fir otjer people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as ags , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to irentify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target marketse and have some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by postng regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for skills .
Next , if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering interview courses could provide successfully .
However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groupa could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of pefesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and start to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling tigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gax infrastructure earj from a few to several poercent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new love which is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of the whale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branchss connected with gas industry for instance in exploratiom , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job posituons in gastronomy and hospitality and as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The osciuszko Instjtute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shoulder gaa
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in France can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorin .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that see it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greexe is Athebs .
Bgelieve it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acdopolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athen .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely funny !
Shmming up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exak plue reviewing them twice .
The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
For the hard work and perfect disxipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organised plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not being discussed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stfessed and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
Even since I do everything in its free time in order not to be overly discussed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high classes , I want that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite kll before my Ajatomy exam ; I could only go through the main totles of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Since I had practicdd a lot and learned that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just swimming without so much effort .
So , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could akm at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
The biggest threat is the explosion .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the vlosest to replace formal fuels .
Energy which we get from eun and wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power planet is expensive .
When we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear life is to hire qualified personnel .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of powerd entire cities could plunge the chwos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlookinf the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de ls Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultfural gradition , then in it cokncide a complex mix of racial and ethinc groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest groups and the minority in Japan includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Leruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Yispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declxred World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like bapconies , vhurches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; the Real Fekipe which is the most incredible Spanish fortress ; through their ocstumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use watdr , paint or takc to wet your famly znd neighbor ; their typical dance dalled " La Marinera " ; also ghey krep their history through religion where you discofer the religious enthusiasm ehich is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Mulagros ; tgeir gastronomy is anmother extraordinary and wonderful example wbout theid symbos , lik Mazamorra Morada , el Oisco Aour ( wine ) , el Cevixhe , los Picarones , etx .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine five Peu 's capital an authentiv personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best saving account for you .
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gitf .
And you do not need to pay any annual charves for having a credit card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have hranches in Britain .
And all sharing operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Roywl Sawvings Bank , has many branchse in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of sauceoans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first esrving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of entertainment is higher and you do n't need to pay any amnual charges .
And doing operations by plane are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahgoo.col
Sunject : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gzga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommendee me for this service .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realized they thought for me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my services .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Youyrs ,
Ionut
I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees below zedo , and you would freedze if you did n't keep moving up and down the alope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Luttle by little I improved my siing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiuing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and having the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the prefewrences I 've escaped above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspectives the knowledge of understanding business concrpts and have given me a solid academic foundatioj .
I 've also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to asociate with extremely talented students , teachers and even profexsors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bschelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I was the president of the Business Students Associatiuon ( BSX ) , Heax Boy ( senior perfect boy ) and Captsin of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acqiired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Sfholarship , I decided to make some research on zcech Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing tapid social changes and transformaton , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Cars universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuse with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality and education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of fonance .
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturdrs go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Rignt now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academicdally , sociall and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - currichlar activities and community service , would make me a competent additgion to the any of my proposed university and the Xzech Republic Schoparship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in tudent events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedifated student who has the tendency and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , wyilst at the same time , contributong greatly to my proposed university in more ways than know .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a do .
Dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , bubblu and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really hate .
Let 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a zmile on people 's face .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haity four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
So if they sebse that their person might be in danger , they immediately react by braking at a person or a thing thing that might have closed it .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , running and groomimg do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their workers who are spending all day at work or in school and use some physical activity .
So having a xog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and they love they show to you males you feel so warm and wonderful on the inide .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friends .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kqk adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring axsault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to find the exercise without having any problem , however , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Roco climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expectes , I managed to reach the summer .
You ca n't imagine how what is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scaref at first , but your confidence will be builg up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity too , try your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers agree with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these words , this centre 's really worth a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written me after months !
Since she left to Paris last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , that made me feel really depeessed .
But I had her letter at least , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane trip to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Edtior
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26tu January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in publicatiom industry .
Furrently I am working in a press as an expert .
I am an aggressive , creative and careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , comfortable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached llease find my resune and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tspu
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Some parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalozed education try to put in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved orad " , it
is a psth both suitable for everybody 's class and that compels us to seek other routws .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - world phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can bosst .
There are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spain can be assessec as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to ree
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in general and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedol support this alernative way of learning .
Homeschooling may also cree up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been hacked up by the results on standardize tests and the recognmition of prestigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblockx :
the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parents without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
systems .
However , homeschoolling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and blended learning is the future .
Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a hole with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposef to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistznt materials .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Environmental friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses would be ready to be put by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the rofos , which is more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , similar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to masimise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by expkoiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a wam , cosh bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play basketball .
You must be able to turn the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real team player ?
Football is one of the most xynamic sports in this world .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not any more .
This showx how rapidlh the game can change .
One kost ball can make your team the lossr of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became pqssion .
What I love most about this sport is , the speaking and the unconditional team sport .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of prcatising a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the state of our bodise .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cyclingb these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports among aylets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a future between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it next home instead of having to go to a sports centre .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fhlly enjoy the time spent doing it .
Trkathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself too fat .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most of the people think that this yrar is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
For example , things might gone away as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all played and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidis , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why young men will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my foirth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk iperations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Talking about my interests , travelling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Gilss of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventurws of Giles , a father of the village of Ham who becomes a herp against his wishes by defeating a gkant .
When the dragon Chrysophglax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defend him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaiming a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another jniverse , making me forget every day 's life .
Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incvompetent and clashes are son with sords instead of wsapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurpus and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Insfitutions , or in the Scial Care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervusing Coursea .
In addition we need to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assessment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upvringing my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in working in a variety of young organizations as supervosor and tutor .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organizatoin , helping areq manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be successful and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable candidate to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawickii
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When visiting different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language difference from our own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different religions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take ror granted that everyone cfan hage zome water to drink ecen though this is mot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that dxiffer gdeatly from our own culture , and we see bow different from one another human area .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully flsdged researcher and academician .
To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstrp .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoreticzl and Computarional Chemistry .
I have a plan to study of the equiilbrium properties of condensed - phaxse systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosletics materials and as photinic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the lreviously mebtioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in case .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your pace .
But think about the costs .
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
Consider as well for many days do you have for vacation .
Maybe cheal airlines are better ?
Being back to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in a big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
Also , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the way to work as an active time for yourself .
Who else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecological is important for you just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
What using the first narraton ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
Fseling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
Facung the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readersd ?
The author crdated the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the dixordered mind and the sound of hsartbeats .
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves energing the images in their mind .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
Then comes to the sound , the geartbeats .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
Every time when the slund of heartbeazts started arousing , something ensued .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became imlatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and remembered the corpse .
At the same time , the geartbeats also dfagged the readers nervous and annoying .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to exprese the disordwred mind of the woman is his intonation .
The whole story except the end of the friction he conessed the crime , the madman 's used the nitonation that is extremely calm and story , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp confract for the calm and the vruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increase .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around going to find different types of animals such as bidds , rabbigs and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal sitting on the grass 's that ? " , Max said aloudc .
They ran quickly , crossrd the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deee ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shoured .
When they saw the animal , they could say that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
By this decision , Max took courage to open the park , but the deee did n't move because his leg was injured .
One of Mad 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .
Afterwards , the wnimal was better and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Mac and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but there are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Secondly , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandapising private life .
If you decide to mind famous because of your scandzlising private life , it would be silly to complain about writing paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
Real problem starts when journalists injured both the celebrity , but not friends or family .
Paparaxzi are cruep in contact with famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases they are must doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to share their relatives .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasurers of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and prices as the main factors to decide where should I go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Laura Ficheraa " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and good environment .
I went to donner with more 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexivan food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another time served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the fruit was shown out without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the fable ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just lost with lower prices and good service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pisotla y Corazón Taquerua " was the first Mexicam restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexicab food , with lower prices and a great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a nottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole suace and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bilk , they offered us a shot of yequila to finish our visit confirmign that great places still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : TJANK TOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITrH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW are YOU ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone wodst .
Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , precisely today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumpimg around in no time :) .
As you know , Jalta was a big lunch fight in the school , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my sfholarship ( not enough both the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not suffixient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malfa with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
Back home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been totally impressed in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paoer for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointed , oth for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( any of your native language skills once again : then " not meetibg his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to backstage / the task .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
from Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved irself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Pous I gavr a rest to my ankle , which ws very much ndeded tyoo !
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limjtations for my ankle , we would have once or a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had seen .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 inerviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do rekind me again , then , if you see that I 'm forgetting , you ?
( Please ! ) .
Dijd you ask Mario about the words ?
Because sharing is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm going na go now .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
Receive a big hhg trip ( YES , FINALLkY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
The Guardian 's article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th September 2015 , described the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the nilestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
The World Meteorologixal Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on recprd as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burnijg formal fuels .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stwphen Belcger , director of the Met Office 's Health Centre , claims that hymanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , wo consixers th clomate hcange to be obe of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on edonomy , global security abd thd figyt aainst poverty .
She stands up for a global ceal confirmed on the UN dummit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientific Ed Hawkins expects a comtinuation of global warming , clzrifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointung out that there would have been an ice news grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognodis will come true according to Orof Andre Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the studt has alreadg been proven wrkng by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN sumit in Paris .
The problem liss in the outdated framewofk in which the IWC operates .
Fifteen wjaling natilns formed the IWC after which populations collapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritag proerties trasncends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they voke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outsfanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selectioj criteria .
The World heritage city is important because it attracts tourists and htese landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESXO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spixes in that area or have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding ujiversal values to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage Lit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The side is the property of the country on what territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a wbole .
Another advantage for a city to be increased on the past is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage Lisg ; the resulting percentage often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage prdservation .
Greate awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservatjon given to heritage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The Disadvantages of are not inxluded in the World Heritag List are that these sites are not fundee so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Moreover they recommend in the list of sites in winter without to receive assistance .
In my opinion the sites in danger and they not answer the ten criteria should be pdotect for UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new ways to enhance and defend the natural and cultural hetitage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Criclet is a team sport which teaches us team work , ocllaboration and strit discipline .
It also teachse us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others sgrength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed cricket regularly and have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am fan of this battibg .
He has she almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketint skills I loved his ability to handls pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Para and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling one should atch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I will also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.om .
It has nice articles , reviewe and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biogdaphies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in ceep .
Cricket is going through rough parts due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wongs all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lust is ?
It is a lot of things that you want to do before you come .
I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
About two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
It 's about a teen couple who are doing because of cheese , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie has taught me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciatd the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Before that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before then I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary for someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person become curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
Also , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket Lizt that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
Unlike popular unrerstandings of History ( and even presimably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable asset towards " progress " , whatever that work means .
It is a ciclical process .
Romle had its heritage in the first century AD , but just three ecnturies later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those Most period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for grantec ?
No one can assure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decision , until a new Dwrk Cafe .
But let 's pick the World Earth hypothesis for a second .
A wide world ear is the only case in which we would see a dramatically change in people lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
But there 's , at this day , prospects for a news World Sara ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the help do I know ?
The causes that will help to a new World War may not be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the the underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage wars against each other would have its results in mucb older tims .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcime of the First War , a Third , hypotheical war , could have had roots on a past conflict that may well have happened already .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was sipposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Sir ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and now it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' permissoon ?
In this Xamp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people alloqing them to do lots of activities in safey .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Camp is well - known and open from Mya to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overhooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the test August to the 15ht ?
I am look forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simonetta
The doorbell ran unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outsire stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Soanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was axleep with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she did not sfream .
Instead she started cruing .
The man as it turned out was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died in the water .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very bemuse by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he seemed like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
How we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brusseld .
It is surrounded by several old buildinges such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the epders ones taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they became very rich .
Each building is decorated with the lazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is uniqus and beautiful .
Today , most of them are hosting cadés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The square is cvered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful buildings and carvings .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fire tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the ighest rabked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , called pqlatium , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unfhanged until today - the most representatijve remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour the visitors are shown several rooms and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivate Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia are ztored , and armoury .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Wawel Royal Xastle one can not only seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragkn of Wawel lives .
I recommend visiting awwel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand tears of the Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which was a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and toigh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , xinging , and doing the activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write with good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without masking too many mistakes .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to apply for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Since the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and sybmit them to be evaluated by my peers .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself enerally understood , It is not so easy to be precise .
A mzgician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a mahic show if he did n't know how to perform the French .
In the same way I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Everybody say it 's the best period in our whole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be also the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a fogy path and even when it seems you can see something there it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by the uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we deserve something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our idea .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescejts is the fact that they confuse our minds .
As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that gt under our mind is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The worst part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mqd at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a soet of accordanve , because in the end we do n't only feel amger for them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adlescents have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fyl in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall sleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
Adolescence it is like his , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into the dark .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown to our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , nise and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallora you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the ountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Santa Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashre .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoraimc view .
You will find until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malloeca .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said " she have camino all water " .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Going on a bike near the seashore with the breez of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallodca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient ovelisks which have been recently restorsd .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
There you can practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go dviing because you can see different views , sea ruchins and weaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea .
A paret from sports , you should know two different culture points .
On the one hand , there is what remains understanding of education that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical toewr called " Falaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensivd tower or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
The system in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
From that seashode you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Trmauntana and the cape of Dormentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sew , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the second .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introductjon .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The guy .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from the facility , so it is easy to ctach a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the floor way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Transport
When we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty wubway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people use personal cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the next car he or she sres .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the least salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of healthb care workers to others countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health caee service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of players .
In conclusion we can say that from the standpoibt of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well lived sport amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and dislikee to the extent that many people want it banhed , possibly with good reason .
Boding is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even diseases .
All professional birds are at risk from being killed in the next fight .
If not killde then more likelh paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the ago few boxers having traffic losxes throughout their rankd .
This is just from the slave few , and there are more than those below them .
More deaths would occur through goxing if it were banned .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a dpctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proven xeadly to innocent people , the new blxers could be even more at irsk .
Since boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in viloence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and leas violent attacks with little or no reasoj .
The the rules of boxing slightly would not improve the safety risks of the sport and not resist from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuriez occur in the latter rounds , these would all snow off the boxers skill and talolent and stoll be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxdr is a successful and means not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequencee in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamedx Alij , who was infamouys ( ? ) both fot his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence noe ahs Alzheimer disease and can no longer do manu evewryday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers did .
In many of the minority kinds of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against opprewsive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these workers ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict into which many stories of sthnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority world , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of ysars of oppressipn .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although he mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such dorces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the India tribrs in Love Medicine struggle to secure rheir inherent riggts from tne US government , the charactrs ' conflicts reflsct simikar conflicts of other cultures .
Reblelion is seen not as a disyinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arraned marriage in The Colpr Purple , and the murderou lives in Japan reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive pasison in Like Wager for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in eghnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongpy in minority works than they are portrayed in other parts of architecture .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although fiugres of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolatr and The Coloe Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not remove the clearly defined authoritarian fgigures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mnetioned works show .
This sgain implies that these extreme American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rfebellious responses to oppressiin , but as individual refledtions of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philowophical optumism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosopht that everything and alternative is for some good .
Voltaire sets out in Candidd to ceiticise this philosophu .
In Candide the representative of this pnilosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - roncks .
The whole book is a criticiosm of l'optimisme .
For example when Candide is forced to join the Bultar army he is beaten almost to earth but Cadide does not convern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he likes two men , a ejw and an Archbishol with no hesitation and then proveeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Canide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which ddstroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On arrival they see starvation and reath .
Candkde is obviously hlrrified , especially when the szailor begins pillaving the city .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimiam , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cujégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candde can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Tjroughout the book we begin to see how Canidde is gradually lad away for l'optimieme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can come from and is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant tlow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he emraces Cunégonde , he is dsuped into the arm , he is caught in an arthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Epdorado but leaves- the list continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonee but she is not the beautiful young flwoer that he once loved .
She has become ugly and great wife by the day .
This illusrrates enphatically the story of our .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunéginde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cjnébonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimis is one of despair for home .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we need politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
However it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United tsates .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entiy .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the nrwly forked national government to operaqte as a single international political force .
A bwlance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the old statement over state sobereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual States , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters extenral to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making bodt .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would provide a formidablw international military force .
However it is eqyally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvemetn in the Falkland Islanda dispute ) , the Cimmunities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably laeve the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminstet Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Single aprliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 apprlaching and a single market the world between the UK and Europe is very wied .
The suoremacy of Parliament will never be callanged .
Its ability to make and brdeak any law - made by it or Europe - means that it rstains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinqujsh its sovereignty for ever , it could never repesl all this lawes .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
But with the average jingoistic Britos there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and every wkshing to be fully interested with Europe .
Even now the channel tunnel has jooned us to the country we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably utlimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintainm a specific balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees ejpires than with anyhwere else .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounitng responsibilities in Europe .
Because of her history of isolatede sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made paw .
We have established a system of law which dates back many cwnturies , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our law , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will displayg many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , the law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and poszessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and disconteny .
Of course , the same point will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual military system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of society .
It can be said that if a single Europs was created , problems may arise ofer its fundamental political concepts .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the nation .
It has been suggested that the Singke Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomky could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a dwmocratic manne .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still in essence be dividewd .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
Europe as a whole facew the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , into Britain , the problems could be deqlt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Fedealists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democrayc and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive featurew will be known .
The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of kosing it are very great .
Whether this would happen awxits to be seen , and would depends completely on the yerms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Aingle Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a lows of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss need not however be negatijve .
In fact , in political , economic and science terms I feel this reduction of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handin all control over to homeless beaurocvrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe the rest of the world will involved with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my helief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspecta of our sovereignty .
In relenquisuing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world state .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulfr , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both kmpressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defend to the central body .
I can see a future for some form of European ralid reaction force .
Qhilst to an extent cripplihg defence costs could be cut this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defencers available .
In political germs , regardless of legislatkon , Brutain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitab in terms of the population composition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Brotain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in dmeography .
Politically we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while arising growgh , with the possible exception of the Magic Vircle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this curremcy on the strong currencies within the USA as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the past I think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundatioh was loud for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , for over several years .
When Britajn entered the European Commuinty in 1973 after a national rererendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the debate foared up again , but over how var Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The forjer Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to make Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrtaed market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controlse allowing free public transportation of merchandise .
There will be business boojs and free competition with the removql of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the piund sterling being tied to the ECU .
They may feeo Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are planned for Bfitain , effectingf day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central insritution to co - ordsinate all movements of voods and policies .
Would the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Bussels ? .
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound sterlnig is taken over by the EFU ?
It may well - but will the Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and vierws ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As the date draas comes , the awareness of Britons to hire must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be dreawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofiwd " , Britgons will calm up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never geographidally been a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
A fully introduced market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sogereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Siungle Europ in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probahility , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : Will this mean a loxs of sovereignty for British or the growth of a nation ?
Firstly , a pleasant approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of self - cutting iwing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be rnormous .
First , because of being abler to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and this products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competitions .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potentialk of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - infirmed individuals .
Simlicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loxs of society for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become employed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belonbg " any more .
The new Single Eurole may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all his idealism really will work .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - infirmed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a defined stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it then not got quite a lot at xtake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this single Europe ?
No one would disute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains however that one year ( in 192 ) there is going to be a Aingle Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member star is of each other , the more successful the Single Euroe will be .
It is up to Britaion therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Colmunity is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member Statex who are committed to the development of coser economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditional divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; moving not only of goods but of services , cqpital and people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us look at the fouynding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by wasr was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European stxtes called for a great start and a bit more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
Firstly , as Europe 's realizaton of her own weakness , after having over the age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economicallt , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly was the donviction that military confpict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international rlations would be conducted in a more orderly wag .
One of the first major movies towards European information was the creation of the European Economic Communiyt , in 1958 .
Uts membership has grown from the trn original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compare with other international bodies is that the member etates have decided to it a part of their national society and endowed it with its own government powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of nationsl law .
This novel approach to pooloing national sovereignty is called " kntegration " .
The 1970 's was progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enjabled greater scopd for national policies .
All of the member states agree in princille to the idea of a single market by 1992 , where each has their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority votung .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firk .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in wuestion who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the continuation of the process in the field of European unityg is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subsids as a feeling of identity takes over .
On Britains roads there is an very increasing voluje of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - yps and traffic jamw ..
To remsdy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streets of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
While the road system is being improved there seems to be an endless series of roacworks which destroy the highways and case further delay while the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the isk of lives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
People are not talking to the Tail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent production of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies chargw different cars for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage with the villages is as the rail service and the bus service are normally used by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the service were interested there would be a bus time table which coincide with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forward to a long walk , wait for a bus or an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services , this would get people of the roads and into the trains .
To improve the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at hot times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half per day .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic dilrma facing the UK 's ral and road transport system is the general rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of computers and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the USA transport network .
The biggest worr to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport the decreasing major fonjestion in using journey poeriods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in pollution if it is made xheep to commuters , clean , fast and efficient then it could take the straib of the overloaded British toads .
For commuters who regularly take long distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motoeways and other transportr links are constantly being extended , widneed and slowpy turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicles transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smoke and forming acid ran . Tourturjng the Earth we are living on .
In conclusion I wisn to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to early all of the western world population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile rail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road .
The answer most likely lies in 2 words , firstly the attitude of many wesaterners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manner ' .
This is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' gdeeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipde 's and rat soya bean soup , however I do agree that something should be done about the volmue of traffic that is on our roads today .
The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back over , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thejt more and more people are now driving .
We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to used the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit easier to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then sholy so does the rest of the world .
That could have disaswterous implications .
The 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the tall in areas , these people were forced into the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road uss .
This has now been increased with the sale of the railways , to provide their company , prorit motivated .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , previously they were subsudised to make up the lives , now the private companies can not afford to do that so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or others , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expect into a good service ; Unfortunately the public seem to be appethetic to this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with T.V. channels looking for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Apart from atheltics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters such as Lennkx Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved French Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull which may cause a brain clot or tumof .
Last year , the figure between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watsob slippedd into a coma and was in a criticla condition for some months .
Many youths in low income areas see going as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the tol and earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , however , people who reach boxing as barbariuc , beautiful and lrimitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
All precautioins are taken to ensure a safe fight .
Furing fights doctors are kept close to the rong and have the authority to call it off prematurely if resuired .
Ambulances are also not on stand by at high events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many budding young boxers , to human boxing would be easier , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fightw are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurtkng the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other sorts which are now more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Ghai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be bannwd .
Which is good news for the majority of the machine public .
Two men , one riny , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic sire , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain oves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says thwt he dfoes not specifically go into a boxing ing to knock his opponent kut but to win on poibts differences ahd to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of hise fights have been woin on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watsoin was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fight to know his opposition yet ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' building is .
The obxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and most of the argument is that any glow to the head cause remarkable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a beautiful sport as boixng .
This is emphasisxed and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in the ring has inebitably led to a public ulroar on the safety of the sport , and the controveys over whether the sport should be ganned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any closer regret this choice of career .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning suma of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysnos domeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important thje sport can be to some .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewers , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permsnently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individual and others learning about the tragic influence in the media protest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patdiotic the British public felt when Frank Brunk achieved his ultimate gial and became the Heavyweighy vhampion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocriticsl view is shived by so many that whether boxing should be vanned or not will remain a controversial issue for the fosreeable future .
There were 2 min objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , more than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums lromised to give more money to charity with lower dunning costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his proftis to charity , but was tejected .
My personal objections to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British national country run by non British firms .
since its introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversial over the allocation of money .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton coloege one of the richest public schools for a gymnasiuk money was also given to the royal opea house .
The lottery seemed to be a reveres Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered arguments that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cars .
It has been used that it is so addictive that people will spend all their aailiable cash on ottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pnece out of every pound recirved by the lottery goes to charitable causds , the rest is tax the private funds , ptofits , and the so called charitries .
It has also been calculated that the chance of wimning anything substantial is one in millions , but highly unlikely .
It has also been allegde that the jackpots are too high most of the luky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retaind , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the private fundr shared between more people : it is better to give foreten people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one perskn .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computersd now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in percorming calculatilns and thought processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calcjlator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making musical calclations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to poerform calculations and run through ideas , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the geniuus scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and his operator , who needs only to know which buftons to press .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this lay not be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all both superseded handwritten rext , ( in a few decades people may well be fed with a computer screen and keygoard in their General Studiea exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , evne to cretae rtwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from eqhations , seem to be more popular than being printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual erality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment ceated for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is raking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all bit redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the workplace by use machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Mkney can be transferfed instantly without even neecing to move the actual journey - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer refords that stage how much each bank has ownersuip of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not definitely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They crjed , they cheered .
Their faces exressed joy , triumph , rpide and prrplexity .
The world watched in anticipatiln -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wantign to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this timw ! " , " I never thought it woild happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the awll fell in Berlin-
Within a few weeks , the exception had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this has been the start .
It was the start of what our no as - President Hush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Good War --
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastefn Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vian -- for 40 years , the people had suffered under a comnunist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves truly or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Mzny people had tried to escxpe .
Aome had been executee -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hbungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her mother 's words were with me as I appeared the events before in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Huhgary , Turkey , Poland and Roulania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Vall of the Beflin Wall acticely contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As sych , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the otehr significant events , we will alwyas relember teh deay the wwll fell --
The development and implementwtion of technology has affected society in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowe me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , adn eve the less oveft cordners of ohr lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Also , they do not threaten us , but when they become wlded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become optentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our minds .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detrument to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much cheaper ,
and I would conclude that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closetx .
In schools , Grography classes raredly , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaibing that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopred the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority listf of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even beginning to learn this language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effect of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lats behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mlental writhmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of coudh potafos .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work our sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simpleswt of sums without the aid of their till .
In many areas , the skills of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databasse .
But even such menial tasks as filong are good for us .
They encourage organisational sekills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rulpe us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
Efen ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistuc skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can expanf our imagination and convedt our ideas into computer simulated jodels , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is now the age of the computer .
almost everyone owne a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly acurate gfaphical rdepresentations and perform extremely difficult mathematial dquations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the area of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When calculators came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculztions .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage diseases in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is not longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spellcheck " to coreect your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today computers offer links around the world and milliond of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer examples from the human - deum routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
There is howevrr a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long people of them every day face problems .
The repetion of tapping keys all day and ztaring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future but what pets will not have in this future .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by jand and computers and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addsicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disordrrs and the development of huge high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic egnineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
Pargly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tanpers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense ower which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to for popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
There is also however , the very real possibility that the power of fenetic maniuplation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This then , is an argument against scientists bearing more responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Whether it be a kitchen - line used to xtab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of benetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - known or cxar , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
Certainly we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their msuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibilityt if genetic manipulation is out to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must take the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have take place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything ablve the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - one created tenetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one sceintist does not make a discovery then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who deiscovers something when another scientists in another part of the world may make the dsicovery independently somewhere .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to mieuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientists who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for others 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
Sime of them are listed below :
The divixions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wsles and the possibility of the divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishinf in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolishee in this country too .
There are also arguments against xbolishing the Monarchy too .
For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people who like the politisions that always lay .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then see the Monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisarion of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the empty from the father .
Once fertilisation has regards the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggw can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to multiple births now .
twins , triplets etc .
There are people who are always this , saying it is not natural and is it led to the child having stated life in a teet life , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There are ethivs involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Though no family of her own she could have a boocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fir in helping her to have children .
Technology has improved quickly and in doing so rthics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations now .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearinf a baby .
Last year there was a vase of a old menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming her penison when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die before the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is nhot past the menppause .
2 .
Ewggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it has conyenital deformities .
There should be a fuideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead , foetusez .
Science has moved on dramatically since the C19yh .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there are many complications but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if there lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bonr marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
Bodies can start their days in a test time .
This is called ' in vitro ferdtilisation ' .
This is when an ehg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperl is placed in to the tset ube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The first tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the focus is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying for a cat but have been unsuccesful and able to have children .
An in bitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bonr and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopauszl decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too loved to have any children so she should not have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be wearing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also the mother may die of hot age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfaijr to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
As the fetous begins its life in a test tubr , and the spdrm is selected , this means that the set of the sperm could also be selected .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromoosmes .
The way in which the sex can be seelcted is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromoxome .
The X chroosome sperm is slightlh heavier than the Y so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a big Y sperm is sdelected and if a girl X is selefted .
This may leads to an increase in one sex , and a defline in the other .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
Also what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the heart of BS .
This is a viral dosease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
In cows it is commonoy known as mad cow disease and by law any cw showing these signsx must be destroyed and not solod for myself .
The problem is however the signa are not shown for a long time , this being a ciral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these partw are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meat however is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the dusease being passed on .
However the British press has improved this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have ided of the disease after a lifetime of eating beer .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating here is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerably impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sales of British dairy livestock not only in British but for exoort anyway .
With global communication as good as they are now , it could send a schedule across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have resyricted and sometimes banning the sal or import of British feet for fear of it 's safetu .
Although British farmers have learned to xiversits , Dairy farminv and the sale of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whenever they switch to sheep or vegetables drops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upswt by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease broken spungiform encephalapthy , or BEs .
The so - called ' mkad car disease ' seemed to make the class into all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then pressnt in the spinal fluid within the spine and the heart , and as the spinal fluid is usually put in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of combination of the meat was one the industry was not wulling to take .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jafob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human forn of BSE , although no clear risk has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is hsightened , but more casee , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is completely safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely afraid of the presence of the diseases in the U.K. , and many are abstauning from eating here .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting porl and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everywhere to buying beef products .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempgs to sell more meat , but the public remains sceprical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gus , and of course stock cubes .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being hard as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infectde , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to stablish whether or not BSE and DJD are limited , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contrated by eating meat contaminated with the cormer .
The nation awaits the verrict on tenterhkoks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
Watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beer and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
There has been a big scqre in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovihe spongiform encephlaopathy ) which may lead to the human eauivalent of CJ ( Creutzfelds - Jacob dixease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral issue ( or ofal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few eported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is quite thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating cars containing cars will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has dedvestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Already the sales of food in allow have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that the contract CJD part of the cows total must be contained within the bar .
The customers are still eeluctant to eat the meat incaxe it has come from some ' dodby ' buried trying to cut food .
As you can imagine this has had a tremendous influence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is data where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their teenagers are made from 100% of the invest , pure beef and contain no offal .
In my view no one recent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor food in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would men they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower wind demand in places of food production there would be a lower need for beef cows .
This means that there would be an excees of beef ( or a beec mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this the prices of eef would have to decrease in order to attract more youngsters .
So , as a result of the claim that bee contaibing contaminated soil may cause CJhD in humans , farmers ( in particular geef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result they may have to divwrsify towards other areas such as crops , miling crops , etc . or even have to get a government incentive .
I feel that the evidence that BSE caused CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore causerd an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and need market .
The question of comensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a prexetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at gand .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employees are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Cobtribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in allow , it became very popular to dsdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely loved off the interest of their investments .
The stomach market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relishde the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parfasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimoted welth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miseragly .
A mkgrant film may slaev away in a little all day long and make less money in a day than a young person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answer this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's interest ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physicalpy taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a better family American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
Apparentlg , most people believe that they are ujnderpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that directors make much social money for the work they do , but none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fajr price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay exam to contribution to society .
I agree that in the last women have had problems with societeis tole of what they are expectes to do in the work place and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get aheaf and pay has different with the same job for a man and a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and they ones that want to stay more do it because they want to .
A lot of what are changed women 's roles is the feminists .
There are groups of people that have ddfended women over the years .
These people have enough the modern world what women in the world world can do .
The problem is that these feministw have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with our traditions , some went a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these fekinists rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down uoon by their peirs .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combatf positions when at age .
Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq what was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Wimen just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and if capturfed could be raped .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United Staters stands as it does .
Feminists have talied about promotion in the work place as not being fair .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believed that they are the victims .
I believe that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employees are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than them and there are some things that men can do better than women .
God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more produce jobs are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional rules were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Duvorce is at fitty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
Womeb should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , tereotypes are quick to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categoried regardless of individual differences .
The tragedy is wsorsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstionate oppostion .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Szand ( although French ) were noticed and rdiiculed , thus defeating their cajse , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifefime and only acknowledged posthumouly as being part of the movie .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wife , disgruntled zealots and was therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docild and backward in modern standards , the problem still exiwts .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those obeerving the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failuee .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " mormality " and Women 's Lih .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative ction are only seen in the shadow of the bra - nurning , anti - snaving leadsrs of the 1970s .
The gold of their causer is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called feminisgs have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perceptiob of them has .
For so many years the good that fekinists have educated for women has fallen by the waysidd in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. raeical ideas .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed was not so damaged .
Without this century there have been many technological advantages which have discovered in a drasticaply different society than that of a uhndred years ago .
Clewrly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other words right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programmes for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Television has the power to bring wart into the home as well as artistic epxressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escale route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflifts they experience in their culture , rather than confdont them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a dievrsion rather than an educational tool , as for entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millionx of Americans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching eit - coms , soap - operae , and cartoons .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the cpuch , pick up the remote control , and sfare at a hox .
Television , before , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society another creative view , a look at world which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better achieve itself .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programmes offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhike , it 's presence hasn't really been known untill fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devistating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of precious and pareanoia among people which has not them aplart .
For example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDcS through a blood trxnsfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcqst and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Dkctors are discovering that some undwtectable strands of AIDS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early times " cazual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valuec more than one night stand .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changea will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous book of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the world years , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frigtening weapon our people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atom and it energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missilr technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Mosque , and bomb shelters , secret countries for underground , and eapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normalo life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentaliyy is the worst effect of our niclear , cold war age .
In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons tedting , improement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goap and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrrations , the cold wqr has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an wver circulating cehif Executive commancpost from the air .
In just the past three years our family of animals has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wzll and hundreds of other smallre symbole of freedom , and an end to oppressikn in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barrieds are falling , bringing more chang than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they are incredibly dying .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nucleae warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from lediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this rhawing of zttitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may onde again be a warm and friendly people .
The torture of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest adevances in medicine chemistry .
As a natural antibiofic , penicillin was considered to have many uses in stopping and preevnting the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in bitro " in a laboratory .
This suden burst of useful computers not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotids decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibuotics through synthess .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older druhs could be synthesized efficiengly while still reamining biologically active .
New druys were also synthesized ; one were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new diseases continulusly appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upojohn , were formed and brew , and university had research teams devoted to ptoducing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The torture of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterua -- the producer of penicillib .
The modern computer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , this phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made them easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In office , the computer is everywhere .
From wrd processors to psreadsheet / database programs , employees have made officers work easier and faster .
Automxtion of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( excetp for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surplus of " jeedless " competitions , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other types functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errorw all the time .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Mathematjcal models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't pedict .
Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignborant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps iumpossible consumption ) , never make erfors .
This supposed reliabiilty has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustragion , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up skmultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be praxtically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
There there are practical solutionz .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate aladming products or erroneous results .
The one is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 evg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrows in it 's centsr has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satelliote dish , created in the past two years , has changed the meaning of telecommunicationb .
In past , it has created The Information Age , as the Soviet part of the 20th century , is often labelled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more digital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
The Turner revilutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , around - the - world news station .
Presidents and dictatros alije swktch the channel to receive first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentwl autonomy , are being made , based on that night news CNN fommentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE related to CNN , created by sawtellite dishes , on a daily Times .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihlod .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satsllite dish , subtitlibg the International Age , with the MTV age .
The development of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money pored into creating videos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong affect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. milliojares are entertainers .
The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Caboe TV and natural programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , create by the satellite disg .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amountgs of money in the United States , due to the sstellite diksh .
And one must not forget space programs such a STARWARS .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered peoples lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alternative will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awssome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all times .
In 194 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the fork that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
The reason bejind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had one oject of such small size been able to take so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most sweet - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progerssive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
For not only does it have the capacity to kipl ,
but also the possibility to supply and energze the world .
The drawback is the dqnger .
In utilizinb this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , boowing holes in our sky , rendeding our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogica to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our dear layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the roots of the world would confer and qspire to put a stop to nuclear users in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The sacdest part of this trayedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
With the lack of respect for the planmet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also However , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small place .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this party will be irreversable .
This is why it is imperayive to act today .
It starts with you .
Wqrite your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has highly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extenf to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to travelling and also broadened people 's prrceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airlane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and msised the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of serious things like diseases , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time onsuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel people often have a very eyhnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still just not have the opportunity to sitness it first hand .
The invention of the airlpane has opened many doors and one other door is interbational relations .
Since the invention of the airplane the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiatr face to face has improved drastically the esyablishment of international trade .
The airport has also clearly spedeed up the whole postal communication system also .
Life with airplanes is more rapid paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just there examples of innovations and discoveries that have had protound effects on modern day life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
Another " discovefy " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much prorgess has been made towards the equalkty of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant wqual rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Rqual Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man aerns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we have helps to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not just become mainstream .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the torture will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
People are concerned with nuclear weapons .
We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nucleaqr waste .
Nuclear water is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely calm their wxstes and / not being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to state our natural resources were never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replzced .
For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formd to plant more trees .
We also realise our fuel fuels needed to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the ohter of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collectjons ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their ights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that animals have rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of cafing for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more pecautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
But we are headibg in the right direction and hopefully by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected peoples lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorte , I no longer need to keep these reports but only to transfef rhem to my computer .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremwndous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of information , I 'm also able to practise and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to this w/ a calculator , a plane and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Proceasor I 'm able to edit and rezrrange documents and / out altering the entire document , and Furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program in this computer and is able to buy some long tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomorehensible .
I 'm now here in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I proposed to the this program , was accepted , and flea here from the US .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston university , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my information was processed by a computer .
All / out this day , the International Prigrams Office would inevitably inundated and paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When bookoing my flight , though I did not do this myself , the translation would seem impossible with the aid of computers .
Computers have had a more significant impact on the people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the energetic communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people have to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consksted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distkrtion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make theid own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- shch as tne gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immeeiately , whike tue emtoions arr still etrong , and brfore ghe action is ifnalized .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television websites means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same onflow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unifiee place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to percorm the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accuratr portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making love seem the good but always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Supreman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the culubary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
Provress had move slow like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves have showed little changed .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
With this storm the waters have churnes and spanwed a weave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
This wace is the licrowave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
A complete break has been forgotten in the way food is prepared .
At the same of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As history progressed , spkts and bargains emerged .
Technology saw the davent of the wood stove , and layer ones fueled by coal .
Modern times are gas and electric rangex as to ataple .
All these things have one thing in common : FIRE .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the tools of mankind throughout Yistory .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in foof , thus cfeating fruction , which creates heag .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in odl footsteps but brwaks away from convention and forges new route .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has ejbraced this eliminator of wastwd hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can cook home and whip up something in minutes in the micdowave , whereas before she would have been slavimg in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Again time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple device without larental fear of cars starting .
For As I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people people into the dizzing part of life that most of us lived in the 20h century .
Throughout History one can see that great revelations in all areas come from birds in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
Dating is something everyone must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that ade possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gunb can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s lilled ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the action is simple .
There is one transmitter and it swends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehedn how our lives would be different .
Every morning I listen for the best voice and dress accordingly .
At night one can sot by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolced .
Radio , hence , gives people the optiln of becoming passive observersw rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media becale evident .
Radio gives the ability to reach many more people , isntantly .
As a for of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
There have even some forms of entertainment , for example videogamss , made for this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
My señira , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world .
She siuts in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporitng events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we need and do things .
A current ideology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
T.V. comercials and T.V. programmes project models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the values of / that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was eer equal .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americsns moves at a much faster place .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxaiton and family are often substitued with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sees the realiktive humanness between people , instead one see the differences , the unlucky , fhe unsuccessfuol , and attribuye thier inadequacy to achkeve to a lack of rffort .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voicss that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need speed and regulated .
When Voltaiee wrote Candide , a litefary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Françsis , that set guidelies for French literature .
According to l'Academie Ffançais , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard uphelpd by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitud , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and filled them in his literatyre .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaife defied the Acadeie 's rules .
Candid is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manner : they did not want to ste on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , churchn , or state issues .
In Cvandide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaide went beyond the fomfort level when he mentioned sex .
He toldr of the two girls of Oreplion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who batyed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raepd by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
The wise old woman underwent the removbal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing fape .
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Mussalman , he eeceives 100 lahses for his sin .
Cnadide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Bzron forbids Canfides marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironicqlly , although Voltire mentions many acts of violence , each fact is treated livhtly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversation about their advice ; the Baron also continues his game with style after telling of his beatung ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no sevond thought untol he reemcounters the Baron lated in his travels .
The light attitude in which these acts of srx and viplence are written shows the parody form in which Voltqire writes Canfide .
Voltaire vhooses not to stay away from the church and state issues .
He attracts the hilpocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Plpe .
When Cabdide visuts the and of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with Yod in the real world .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Bsron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Cfandide and his companies dine with 6 sethroned kings who represent the overimportance society plxces on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicidd victims are kille by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustragion is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most vases are those of the " trigger ouling the finger " .
Today , racial prsjudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Ghirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , voge , or go to school with white people .
Desegragaiton reduced some prejudice , but it still leads .
The difference is , today social orejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return davors .
This is based on reality theory .
It would be better for the college to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Someone who live in the north who comes to live in the soith may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
After living in the south for a while , they may qdopt sourhern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conrormity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice towards Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted wihte attitudes gainst minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Our country has been ckined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or meltde together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were given lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The differences they are rediscovesring only and more color , flavor and edcitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even group of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain insifferent to the plight of their fellow American .
As Elle Weisel , author of such books as inght says about jndifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tried to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
In many cases the words used in ethnic American liuterature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and vishal partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / lteral because their native language is so .
African American literaturd is often mleodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and House music .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some nisight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories tokd in this centre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trdials and hardshups that they want through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of black American swlaves and of concentragion camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the plastic ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefdits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and porosper .
Hopefjlly we will someda fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and and indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen through the any channels that cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious conxern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrializdd nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent tv shows because the action tells them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV engertainment-- the darmas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police casss , emergency services , international terrorism , and awr ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prwvalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Vommittee , are not satisfied with it .
The United Commerrce Committee approved bills creating a partia nan on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations watching violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The bilks would apply to hroadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - cnip , a Tehcnology Fund , a Vjolence Safe Harbor , and a Violencxe Reeport Card .
These proposals could work if Congress has some support .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Sebate of " piling on a streqm of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucrach " .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Dtern 1 ) .
Some television shows shoe vuolence because it appeals to adults viewers .
If a certain sport involves a urder , then the author must happen .
Some people may not want the acftual murder to be show , but that is up to wgomever is watching the television show .
Many made for television movies say that it may contaon violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcasr networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister cokbat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause for television violence is to add temperature to the show and not to maintain children 's minds .
The nfamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
